FOOD PREP CHEF
alg

¢ Highly skilled in cooking and preparing a variety of cuisines
© Inborn ability to explore newcooking avenues

* Thorough understanding of sanitation needs of the kitchen

¢ Operate kitchen equipment such as ovens and grills for cooking purposes

CVC (Re Bre POR He es HURON OMEN RTE TCH EOH CUO M Ren E Calcot

Summary

© Exceptional culinary insight.

© Knowledge of standard food preparation

¢ Ability to work ina high volume environment

© Chef in preparing exceptional meals

© Motivated food serving professional with 5+ years food and beverage experience in casual and fine dining.

bs hranianie
¢ Kitchen productivity
Pech cea nde cy BTN OIm nig mir Ayer
Pe Eos yer tine nian © Knowledge of basic food preparation
¢ Able to regularly lift/move up to 25-50 Ibs = -Food handling knowledge
* Preparation of various food items * Italian cuisine
CRC OpoR a lhsetelg Cr uroeniee lg
¢ Teanroriented © Ethnic foods preparation
* Well groomed Pee MHCm are cGy
Cee UU RN ROCCO CRIMI eH OREO CER er mee end hog
Cie teoriiarreraricel
Accomplishments

© Serve Safe 2015

© Scasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience.
¢ Ensured consistent high quality of plate presentation.

CACTI Oe RIUM ROLES CU IRI MEIN ALO ROTOR LET TIO MICO

© Baked, roasted, broiled, and steamed nats, fish, vegetables and other foods.
RSE EVE ate year oma kale mine htoa

schivor anes
09/2010 - 04/2011
Company Name i City , State Food Prep Chef

© Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures.
¢ Carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas.
Oe ecg ectb CUCM ne CRC C TERRE CARLO CULO a Cee LOLOL LOOT A

06/2011 - 112012
Company Name i/ City , State Cook

* Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures.

CVO RoR EUS ence Een Ra Ce CONE CUO MMOL eRe Ue TL tts) WC ae Mm TDG
POL LALO LI OeLL e

© Closely followed standard procedures for safe food preparation, assembly and presentation to ensure customer satisfaction.

¢ Cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers.

12/2012 - 03/2013
Company Name i/ City , State Cook

© Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles.

© Took necessary steps to mect customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issucs.
¢ Served fresh, hot food with a smile ina timely manner.

© Accurately measured ingredients required for specific food items.

¢ Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures.

PL REC PAU)
Company Name i/ City , State Cook

e Assisted co-workers.
