LEAD COOK (COOK III)
Summary

Charks Hundley has well over nine years of overall cooking and kitchen experience. Four years of lead cook experience. Three years as a
certified trainer. He has gained various amounts of knowledge in the culinary industry and has taken his career to many different levels throughout
his cooking career, though he only has minimal school training Charles has keamed from various top of the line chefS including the top three che& of
The Norwegian Cruise Line's Pride Of America Executive Chef Frank D. Chef David Lillis, and Chef Alan) These great chefs have taught Charkes
various skills in the kitchen including eaming of the mother sauces, knifé skills, and even new kitchen terminology. Charkes Has also worked with
Tron Chef Michael Symon on a coupk different occasions and has learned various techniques with smoking meats, using herbs and spices, as well
POST LRCos aah eR OL e tic ana oer Matson EN PACCors Ce gucmem IBS chEece UCLA tran as DE THO Arne CaiHie ties) @
business concepts, Charles can combine the knowledge of business management and culinary to become a very outstanding chef, and has done so
thus far in his career in the culinary field. Able to deliver quality dishes in a timely matter. Superior culinary art skills and techniques. Willingness to
keam while retaining a positive attitude, and ability to understand guests want and needs. Charles has the drive, passion, and heart to be a great
chef Core Qualifications Knowledge of Mother Sauces, Produce orders, Knife Skills, Menu organization, Kitchen Management skills, Employee
mmnagement, Schedulng management, very fast lamer. Leamed new skills and knowledge with each company I worked for, and leamed how to
better serve our guests wants and needs therefore I would base most of my menus off that.

schivor anes
Lead Cook (Cook III) 06/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

© Prep menu for the day service.

© Help all our cooks in my area with dinner setup.

© Delegate all our breaks throughout the shift.

© Assist our Sous Chef and Executive Chef with running dinner service.

¢ Maintain cleanliness throughout each shift.

© Positive interactions with all guests throughout service Started out as a prep cook and moved to Cook Lead/Cook III within six months.

Cook Lead 11/2009 to 05/2012 Company Name City , State

© Prep our menu for each shift.

* Make sure we cook all the food for each station to operate in time for service.

CW Gleeretarccunet Riniceb Lar eiick herr eect RO Ut Lee com oleae urea tn @ueueibec el ce Ola carte <|
Executive Sous chef, and cooks to run shifis smoothly.

¢ Abide by the USPH Standards Galley Steward (305) 436-400 (Ronald Strode.

Assistant Cook 09/2008 to 11/2009 Company Narre City , State

* Make sure our assigned kitchen Ins the proper cook-ware each shift Responsible for the cleanliness of our assigned station as well as
kitchen we are working at Provide our cooks and chefs with clean and sanitized equipment throughout each shift Responsible for knowing
what chemicals we are working with and all safety procedures that accompany them

* Abide by the USPH Standards Promoted after my second contract with the cruise ship.

Lead Cook 04/2007 to 09/2008 Company Name City , State

© Put in product orders for the Restaurant.

CMa ibm a pontsanes ties

CME oiGacknnmusel CRN en cam sapncem Oath Rinna

© Hired new cooks.

CMA rrvecb ent meaciicti@iceedl vice

© Worked as the window man on busy nights (Call out order times, and completed phates with gamishes, as well as double checked recipes
before servers took them to our guest) Maintained menu items and the recipes.

Lead Cook/Kitchen Trainer Kitchen Manager 07/2006 to 09/2008 Company Name City , State

CRE Qvo eres uesshmerel Chem neue ete

© Responsible to train all new kitchen cooks and dishwashers.

© Keep control of the night shifts in the kitchen.

© Train new kitchen employees at the 4 locations around Cleveland (Strongsville, Westlake, Downtown Cleveland, And Beachwood OH)
Discuss and review our cook assistants with our sous chefand Kitchen manager and General Manager I started out as a prep cook in the
back learning the menu for about two months then moved up to line cook for six months before I became a Lead Cook.

brairestbeny
Associate of Arts : Business Management 2007 Lakeland Community College City , State, USA

Business Management

High Schoo! Diplomm : High school 2005 Charles F Brush High School City , State , USA

Talon Atneedad Dannleemad Tinks malin nl coms feeine need cnceine cernes aflick anhnnd nn cenet afitha Un nntincn| conn memece cedensen Tontaediad Caalbences
