CHEF

Executive Profile

Accomplished personal chef, committed to culinary excellence, quality ingredients and personalized service secking to add his extensive culmary
skilland knowledge of nutrition and health to best serve the needs of every person he cooks for.

Skill Highlights
© Chssically trained chef proficient in all facets of food production * Expertise with various forms of protocol and tabk service
* Attention to detail, cleanliness and diligence to prevent any appropriate to a multitude of settings
possibility of cross contamination « Abk to shop and manage acquisition of specialty foods and
© Extensive knowledge of nutrition and various specialty diets foods which are maximally nutrient dense
* Proven ability to manage daily culimary operations for muttiple © Communicates effectively, and values discretion and privacy
househokls with changing needs and dennnds PEA Dectlecb eibem ncn amvemeretiatreld
Professional Experience
10/2004 to 07/2016

Ook Oon ctieN Crd AOI

© Maintained daily culinary operations of multiple local properties, cooking for private client and multiple guests in multiple homes. Utilized in-
depth knowledge of nutrition & communicated with healthcare professionals to optimize nutrition for desired health outcomes. Acquired and
utilized extensive knowledge of medicinal herbs & their uses. Engaged in broad study ofand customization of specialty diets. Created
private label specialty products including mustards, hot sauces, chutneys, barbeque sauces, chili, mead, sauerkraut, kimchi and various other
lacto-fermented products. Cooked for celebrities, executives, investors, & heads of state among others; Understand need for discretion and
privacy. Oversaw domestic & international food production. Acquired wikl & foraged foods. Hired, fired & trained staffat multiple
international estates. Conducted extensive parties and charitable events; managed all facets of culinary event logistics. Maintained food
service and provisions for private aircraft. Understand, taught & trained protocol & etiquette to various estate and event stafls. Managed
RnR MOOR cate eeN erator Caen ara anthem Tea seen oeernasci ante

Bort dg
WR etavas
Chef Consultant Company Name i City , State

© Nutrition, dict & recipe planning including for cancer patients, cardiac patients, and people with chronic diseases including Hepatitis C,
Crohn's, & Hashimoto's. Taught diet, nutrition & cooking classes and smart consumer classes. Taught cooking and food science classes to
chikren. Assisted with planning and creation of multipke community and school gardens. Trained area chef on utilization of seasonal and
regional produce in cuisine.A

ae
07/2003 to 10/2004
Banquet Chef Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Served on opening team for $800 million hotel; responsibilities included trouble-shooting culinary work flow, equipment needs, permitting &
inspections, internal audits of health and safety, assessments of ingredients to minimize production waste and contro! ventory Sourced
ingredients, specializing in fresh and local Developed vegetarian banquet menu to be used corporate wide Oversaw volume cooking; largest
banquet included service for 2,500 Specialized in logistics with broad project management skills; developed comprehensive time
Pier aeORALCCMCel ecm ued coma a Kalin na cman eucd bib de baa samc acne aceon iene
the house on events, worked to trouble shoot procedures to ensure food quality for large volume cooking Managed diverse multicultural
staff to fiction as cohesive team serving under intense deadline pressure situations Developed and implemented HACCP, or hazard
analysis of critical contro! points.

ae
USAC ARS PAUtK)
Executive Sous Chef Company Name 14 City , State

© Designed and implemented seasonal banquet menus. Transformed kitchen culture from one of pre-packaged food to scratch cooking.
Designed menu which changed 60% daily in order to utilize the best local seasonal foods available. Created relationships between local
fans and the restaurant. Created and prepared extensive pastry and dessert selections.
Bort dg
06/2001 to 06/2002
Shepherd/Caretaker Company Name 1% City , State

© Shepherd of 160 Montadale sheep, included: all care of animak, pasture management and animal husbandry Marketing and sales of all
labs production Management of organic market garden Harvest and preparation of foraged foods Care Taker of 207 acre island in Lake
Chanphin, responsible for maintenance ofall watercraft equipment, and buikdings.

Bort dg
eR me abe)
Exo rane RO ce E ALOHA HIG)
