CATEGORY BRAND MANAGER

Summary

Accreative marketing professional with 20 years demonstrated experience in project management, marketing communications, sales support,
strategy, research, and product development. Multi faceted background includes food manufacturing, consumer packaged goods (CPG), firmiture
manufacturing and construction industry. An effective problentsolver with expertise in managing multiple projects that require both a creative and
analytical skill set. Category Management Data Analytics Document Management P&L Management Employee Communication Market Analysis
Product Launch Cross-Functional Team Leadership Project Management Marketing Support Product Management Website Management
schivor anes

Category Brand Manager Jan 2016

Company Name i City , State

Achieved 17% annual sales growth in power tool accessory category and 4% margin improverrent vs prior year duc to implementation of
POMC LEM ULM eID eon Umea ep eluee bamtslinewend leclce

Package redesign project contributed to 24% performance increase vs.

prior year in Wal-Mart, an 11% increase in points of distribution vs.

prior year, and a projected 12% finish ahead of plan for fiscal 2012.

Grew Baking/Cooking nut category sakes by 6% ina flat commodity business.

Grew Facebook fans from 500 to 30,000 ina 6 month period.

Developed and launched three new trail mix snack items which brought incremental sales of $1 million ina 12 month period.

Achieved 32% reduction in unsalables at Wal-Mart with introduction of new merchandising vehick.

Managed Dry Roast jar transition froma carton to a tray resulting in total savings of $16,000 a year, in addition to new distribution.
Managed product lines worth $4.5 million in sales, specifically the storage and pantry ware categories.

Assisted in the design and development of 80 new SKUs, and managerrent of 600 existing SKUs for Food and Tools categories totaling
$33 million in sales.

Product Manager Jan 2012 to Jan 2016
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

An Anrrican company that produces connectors, tools, and supplies for the electrical and telecom industries.

Responsible for managing over 15 product categories, with annual sales in excess of S35M, providing product line management including
Palco meinen Mr ams ecCa adc Oe cameo UCI Miecmeneerelleles] Bel siiiinems eR tisleca asa] ccM

Strategy development - Developed and executed category strategy across key product lines including competitive analysis, opportunity
Foal eReLolmeete eRe ariie Ears ae ecm

Product quality and performance - Managed a strategic supplier transition achieving a 9% cost reduction with a 20% performance
improvenent.

Merchandising Managerrent - Designed new merchandising vehicles to support customer conversions and increrental sakes opportunities.
Project Management - Managed multiple projects including sku rationalization and 80/20 analysis, package redesigns, product field testing,
customer line reviews and catalog and website management.

Mires lie Da eset ricer ace Coc sPea nl iiier Omen Ae MO SMSO NCR MoLer recall aaa ay com
Forecasting - Conducted complete analysis of category sakes history vs demand to determine optimum reorder points and inventory levels to
retrace dee Ral cveceite aa linice Theme a al bem

Marketing Manager and Brand Manager Jan 2008 to Jan 2012
Company Name i City , State

Asmack food keader internationally known for the FisherA® nuts brand; annual sales nearing $600 million Responsible for managing multiple
product lines, providing complete product line management including executing brand strategy, new product development, select trade and
ooncnineettclgy com

Product Launches - Developed and launched 25 new product SKUs in the baking nut line featuring new innovative packaging to the
category; executed project strategy, goals, priorities and long-term plans for the branded business, most notably the Baking/Cooking Nut
ie MietaLarleMABrlllenmiecauat ted

Additional successfull product launches in key areas including snack nuts category, and the Food Service and Export sales channels.

Project Management - Managed multiple projects from start to finish, including product launches, creative executions, customer projects,
pricing and Profit & Loss Statements; designed product development tracking tool to manage multiple project timelines.

Marketing Support - Developed and executed marketing support initiatives including promotions, displays, couponing, website
managerent, and media placerment including radio, FSIs, and advertising.

Partnership - Worked closely with sales to understand key account strategies and develop consurrer plans aligned with corporate strategies;
interfaced with cross-fimetional teams: Creative Services, Sales, Procurement, Accounting, Operations, Research & Development, Quality
Assurance, and Customer Service to manage marketing projects and new products.

Sales Data Analytics - Utilized and interpreted proprietary sales data, as well as Mintel and Nielsen data to develop product, consumer, and
sales strategies.

Website Management - Successfilly managed and executed website re-launch including SEO improvenrnts, social media integration and
Copied raeimerttclgt

Promotions - Successfiilly designed, coordinated and launched "in & out" promotional programs which require extensive cross-fimetional
Roletcosctielteecom lanai aires

Package Development - Responsible for managing packaging process including integrating equipment specifications, nutritional labeling
