CO-OWNER/EXECUTIVE CHEF

[Oouw reels

Performance driven administrative professional with extensive experience in purchasing and operations in support of top organizational objectives.
Fourteen years’ experience in purchasing, including project management of multisites with a diversified background in the food service industry,
purchasing and construction. Intellectual as well as innovative and skilled at executing multi-projects in the most cost effective, time efficient, safe &
quality producing manner. Recognized for the application of impressive research and forecasting skills that discover untapped profits and elusive
resources.

Sumnnry of Skils

oyna Krespsinrere nna A Customer Service

© Strategic planning PER Olrona xcsiceesy
Forecasting CMe terete tent
* Process developrentA «Vendor Negotiations
© Product management ¢ Account Management
CMe Sheree ctesecr cr? MR Oh et CD reelected igor
Accomplishments
Eamed a€ocTop Performera€ award in 2016
Professional Experience

Co-owner/Executive Chef03/2010 to 012017
Company Name City , State

Successfully manage a cafA© style restaurant, increasing sales through quality food, exceptional service and value.
Uae enomedu nee Cer dciariLersecicmelcascemnamerilalibrael eb nate pam eas Lacie

Assist in creating innovative marketing campaigns to increase visibility of the restaurant.

Assist in hiring, training, directing and schedulng of employees.

Manage financial areas including budgeting, cost control, payroll and general accounting,

Keep abreast ofall state and federal laws and regulations.

Approved externship site to develop students to work within foodservice industry.

Receiving Clerk/Purchasing Coordinator Director of Purchasing 02/2009 to Current
Company Name City , State

* Maintained an atmosphere of enthusiastic customer awareness with an emphasis on fast, ffiendly customer service.

Build and maintain chssroom recipes and create daily production templates within Food-Trak database to maintain production standards as

set forth n corporate curriculm

© Formuhte supplier inventory and pricing database for LCB-Dallas utilizing the new BirchStreet ordering system

Create database production templates to procure weekly food orders to meet departmental needs.

Continuously price-check various items available and received through multiple Avendra suppliers to ensure accurate and best pricing for

like products,

Determined recurring business needs and maintained necessary inventory levels.

© Monitored weekly, monthly and quarterly achievernent goals.

* Divide food order accordingly to ensure complete and accurate deliveries per curriculum from multiple suppliers that guarantee adequate
stock and optimal product freshness to meet student and special event production requirements.

© Receive, inspect and temperature check all deliveries; refise any bad product, then date and stock ites according to FIFO system.

© Organize storeroom and fill requisitions for classrooms following proper ServSaie food safety guidelines.

Maintain appropriate receiving records within the database and excel that allow for quick independent cross referencing of purchase orders,

Clomiuencleraorieacmenenneliacooceeuelint nem

Ensure all student supplies such as uniforms, textbooks and toolkits are managed month to month and are distributed accurately to provide

Brees AACN B LHe acral oe

Maintain adequate inventory to fulfill distribution requirements during and between each start.

Conduct monthly inventory ofall procurement stock.

Build and maintain Vendor relationships.

Provide exceptional service to students and co-workers.

Listen and respond to customer requests or problems ina timely manner.

Analyze and prioritize issues while maintaining focus on solving problens.

Identify and implement new solutions to resolve problems successfilly ina timely manner.

Maintain a high standard of performance and accountability for timely completion of work assignments.

Accept increasing levels of responsibility and perform additional assignments after expected work is compketed.

Develop and implement clear plans to accomplish specific objectives whik prioritizing and making adjustrrents on the fly when needed to

assure that activities and objectives are performed in alignment with critical needs and goals of departrent and curriculum

Catastrophe Insurance Chims Adjuster 01/2004 to 01/2009
Company Name State

© Outsourced through various insurance companies during catastrophe situations.
