HEALTH CARE ADMINISTRATOR

Interests

As a hobby, creating memorabke events for military fimctions, wedding and party planning. Developed training program for 2 and 3 session cake
decorating classes for both adults and children. Love to camp, Kayak and travel.
bananas

SS OVOP Ce cicl og

April 2015 to May 2017 Company Name i City , State

bEicut ee Dinca og

April 2013 to April 2015 Company Name i City , State

(Ooi penina abet Beaty

March 2012 to April2013 Company Name i City , State

¢ Meets and exceeds occupancy and revenue goals as a result of the development and implementation ofan effective sakes and marketing
Pol rR ECS mem rilirabN arc ameran ce Bec Ruste

Stee reccdecucal eam en Celene nig cousincai an ciM Tm om neta tare nu cay

Have developed and maintained relationships by making saks calls outside the community to medical, insurance, kegal and financial

professional, hospital discharge planners and social workers, skilled nursing facilities, home health, hospice and ckery.

© Advised and educated them on current availbility and programs for a successful partnership.

Developed creative marketing strategies to differentiate community from the competition on a limited budget including creative outreach

Oeeurl Sea a Ge

eee rime RUC aUiear yen Ob pacetiekes) ei rete iS en CmeO LU ROM ORES unaten ee proc hosed Mod

Regional Director.

© Served on six member South-East Regional Events Committee developing innovative monthly marketing strategies to be utilized system
Alen

Reo ee Binnie sian’
January 2006 to January 2013 Company Name ¥% City , State

© 2-20 and 2-15 Licensure).

lvoe aster @eeniesog
January 2001 to January 2006 Company Name 1% City , State

Present and sell Property and Casualty and Life and Health Insurance for a diverse customer base.

Consistently meet and exceed personal and agency weekly sales goal.

en eeuuo nto bca el amcoaratovorcred Rovere ra rim ease rouge Reelin) protec encom
eSoa eae pMciletpd Me Rg Oicuiceeknce nel Mom acne rsckecaraal ements
features and benefits most suitable to their specific needs.

Pe ER Oem Be beici Rye CHE RCuUEeTo Telos oe R ria wrelce rem

Market products outside office environment, use creativity allowing for opportunities that may have been missed by others.

OT epee cher Caen aie od Sn Cobol ceagolicreiebrn ee sree ir lcm

tS pets bu Messen nce cp ucuem ie acess ORAM IB Com tines B ance eS eam

Advanced Saks Director
January 1994 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State

Independently coordinate customer service training program for Health First, Inc.; developed system to schedule and train associates in and
OMIS Saige cai aAca a Red a iietunnem abd eee Road Cache nramuay eenliclunene Koerner’
Seats
© Developed on-going follow-up training events.
¢ Worked with Directors and Manager to balance quality training time with minimal employee downtime.
Trained over 2400 associates over a four year period.) Work closely with Health First Administration to communicate customer satisfaction
goals for employees.
Served as consultant to and liaison with and between departments by encouraging interdepartmental cooperation.
Developed and implemented process, training and activities to improve patient flow through the facilities.
Worked with external consultants to provide information and expertise.
Internal consultant on a variety of subjects as they relate to the patient experience including but not limited to: Process Improvements,
Th alg eer bcm on Ca Uns VALE Bim LSA ACC ere eveun LenS raion
Departmental support throughout the facilities including: Emergent Room support, Out-Patient Surgery, Hurricane Response Teams and
others as needed.
ba NUE ORE HcccR TUS OO nL PAIGE EC al eg cibon om be meri Lemins Rona ORM eM Acr She Res mnt ang
ocean atm
© Provided Customer Service Training programs to Health First Directors and Mamagers outside the hospital (Home Health, Hospice,
ETS oe SUBD SSCP Msn PCE Reernined ow @ cidlnkeyelicst em

Show franchise
(Oo aN pen L OL NEST!
