IV NSSEN ACOSO) s Icy
Summary

Service oriented professional looking for opportunities in pastry arts. Seeking to advance development of skills and eam more aspects of pastry
arts and confections. Diploma from the Le Cordon Bleu program and vast experience utilizing business degree ina corporate environment.

bs hranianie

an . + Microsoft Office products, including Word, Excel.
Key competencies include customer relations, organization, product knowledge, . i y if
PLo Le nmORearVimmestineliietneesteem eect tipemsltt helen See
schivor anes
11/2014 to Current

atin e Oracle Tchr ONS NIE

© Organize and run all aspects of the pastry kitchen including weekly inventory and ordering, Supervise team of four pastry employees; two
pastry cooks and two baker assistants.

Train on department procedures and new menu desserts.

Instruct team on daily sanitation and cleaning of walk ins and freezer.

Create and design desserts for restaurant menu, in room dining menu and banquet menus.

Create desserts for special dietary needs of guests such as vegetarian, vegan and gluten free.

Create special menus for holiday banquets and special requests.

Attend meetings such as daily BEO, moming focus and weekly OPS representing culinary team.

Meet with F&B manager, General Mamger and Hotel Manager to discuss current desserts, weekly VIP guests and special requests for the
hotel in general.

© Review daily banquet prep lists with pastry team and assign tasks as needed.

720 PAC B ONC
Pastry Cook II Company Name i City , State

© Prepare all aspects of pastry production for restaurant, in room dining and banquets.

¢ Including hot line, holiday banquet buflets, weddings, daily amenities and special requests.

© Contribute to restaurant dessert menu with suggestions for changes to existing desserts and new desserts.
* Assist with banquet plating for min courses as well as dessert course.

© Communicate with Pastry Supervisor conceming pastry shoppe needs and issues.

© Review daily banquet prep lists for the week and assign tasks as needed.

07/2010 to 08/2012
Pastry Cook II/Chocolatier Company Name i City , State

© Chocolatier for all resort nightly tum down chocolates, miscellaneous bonbons and all chocolate dACcor used in presentation of pastries,
desserts and cakes from the pastry shoppe.

© Utilzed Montage recipes and developed unique flavors.

« Average number of chocohtes produced per week is 4000.

Trained new pastry cook III's when they started with basic cookies and brownies and casual restaurant production work as well as overall

departmental procedures.

Assisted with inventory lists for ordering ingredients for the shoppe when pastry chef were not availble.

Attended daily Banquet and Event meetings when supervisors not availabk.

Note any changes to daily events and report back to pastry shoppe.

Assist with off-site events for large audience and assist supervision of new employees at events when chefs occupied.

Attended bonbon chs at Valrhona Chocolate institute in Tain !Henmitage, France.

06/2009 to 07/2010
Pastry Cook III Company Name 1% City , State

© Prepare all aspects of the production of desserts, confections, ice creams, sorbets, and fancy pastries, for the various restaurants, banquets
PreR bee Ceca Lan Lem

© Commumicate with the Asst Pastry Chefand Executive Pastry Chefregarding menu items and other issues in the kitchen.

© Created the birthday\comp cake for casual bar and grille restaurant and everyday main restaurant.

Assisted in plated desserts for banquets and weddings Worked the pastry hot line for holidays and to cover shifis when needed

01/2002 to 05/2011
Era @ necO A Cue None aon sole Nl aR Ol NMR C Co

© daily meals and Green Room support for a series of on-line webisodes for a cast of 75.

02/1996 to 02/2009
