EXECUTIVE CHEF
Riterenaag

Perec ma LC aoe aL ote mo RCo rccic gn anne Ro uor Like arercme)alocb eminent best ge
Poeockon al puch kenny mec RNC ooM Cee ner ome seb uniatiaicnaneine Ke ue strona gunz orcianeticr Br etal (10h!)
employees and organized smmll and large scaled events, including weddings and banquets. Highly dedicated in career growth.

bShenranng
© ServSafe certified
CMO ltve sorely ontce\iag
CMe AN r ealiie)
¢ Results oriented
CMS alitisianikectaeninans
© Kitchen management
¢ Food Standards enforcement
¢ Experience with catering and events
© General knowledge of computer software

© High level ofaesthetic and culinary execution
¢ Honest, trustworthy and punctual

© Knowledge ofassigned diets

* Knowledge of inventory practices

© Managerrent and kadership experience

© Strong client-interaction skills
CMSueicdinebilstucrrcn esl

* Works wellas a part ofa team

Pe Srorctemincrasntraniiccnte

Accomplishments

Developed popular daily specials with locally sourced ingredients.

Instructed chef in the preparation, cooking, gamishing and presentation of food.

Planned and prepared food for parties, holiday meals, luncheons, special finctions, and other events.
Featured in Plate Magazine

CeO Lo elalna lanes neOs Olen Recnuc ta ccaleL Ota ilar cs

BET ae @lre cea aR OL Ce}

Experience
09/2007 to 02/2015
Executive Chef Company Nant ¥% City , State

© 2007 rounds chef2009 promoted to sous chef2011 promoted to executive chef Meets all timelines for menus and ordering,

* Create a farmto table culture in the cafA@ at Saint Joseph's College by utilizing the college's farms produce and livestock as well as
creating business relationships with local farms, artisans, and other family owned companies Create weekly menus based on seasonality
Takes over the ownership of the kitchen.

SrcM ime Eincwcon  cenlizesre sanal a @ boc e ners. Oboe

Prices all menu and catering items, specifying portion and prep quantities while adhering to food, and sustainability guidelines.

Maintains and monitors kitchen payroll in conjunction with business forecasts and the budget.

Besa e ou kenisuecsn anne eeniccca oe Sib) Kynar ced gern losing nieces odiventormnee aesonrye or Ted
usage requirements and waste contro! procedures.

Reviews catering portions and pricing quarterly, suggesting changes and monitoring waste from events Catered special events for the board
of the college, weddings, and other events from 10-1200 people Uses a variety of high quality food iterrs that are creatively well prepared,
Paes Ne eRe croc silica in Token Colne Renn

MO eulbiseananacHCrasnn el tion aaeormtrete? okca en Raniitsguan brnacesncelveimcote grit oe
Prepares a well balanced menu that meets the cultural and dietary needs of the CafA© guests.

Ncube ne Roxmecth exoeunt tence alpcarsoneus uci iee Rial bem

Knowledge of multi ethnic cuisines Knowkdge of gluten free, vegan, and other allergen restrictive preparations.

Ce ed

06/2006 to 01/2008
BLO rd e@on laa LOL AEN

© Prep food for the kitchen Create Specials for the dinner and lunch menu Cooking food for large banquets including weddings and other
finctions up to 300 people In charge of training new cooks Cook breakfast, lunch, and dinner Clean the kitchen in detail Gained knowledge
sao taedete Kes Beall

07/2005 to 10/2006
Line Cook Company Name i City , State

Cg eB e ae Oud cone cen tie neice ee asim onlnmiike Spm omy au ces ne meee a RNa
charge of closing the restaurant Clean the kitchen in detail In charge of trang new cooks Developed strong multi-tasking skills by working
BL reba ica Laem
