PERSONA PRIVATE CHEF
Professional Summary

cd COLES UAYETO) SID g With more than 29 years of expertise at the forefront of restaurant
operations and menu developrrent, I bring an innovative approach to restaurant's, catered events and hospitality services 4€“ one that focuses on
cost-effectiveness in food and labor, with quality to deliver impactful and exceptional cuisine. My background includes Mexican, Italian, Japanese,
American, and fision ofall those cuisines, with broad experience in line managerrent, staffing, new restaurant development and menu planning,
Preteen Ot olp etm Gl anrcaeiciicrr ame ice OMAN Et oen Lr eU nen Drom aris Meeks LaCM@usnceccLelceihe RON at

Skills
© Kitchen Design & Workflows x A a 5
A Business process, Negotiation, Unique
¢ Operations Management 5
CMe grecrea@e tie eGo Goris , einen aiid il
pe saiednclid ba Develop sa CUE Qee orem waren ileiLatrelie
at ect Sa aY © Cost Control, Personnel
© Quality & Customer Service fara ere nen
© New Restaurant Openings 7 aa et "
© Revenue Growth/ P&L arene Service eres
© Performance Management pe Quality control
: ere © Direction, Quality management
" 5 © English, Quest
, pee Office Suite ¢ Financial management, Reception
5 eal © Focus, Recruitment
cae © Greek, Research
RE Ora gerkia rn A
* Food plating and presentation : Hilsce aa iad
° Fa 5 A © Payroll and scheduling ~
ee Cerone rego vccluet eR Lact ae Venn
Pam Ovarliorpisiscasnasd i °
Work History

Personal Private Chef, 01/2019 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Catch li name kein @nenhacee cree miles CAO
* Plated, buflét, family style or food stations, plus more.
© Sourcing wild and sustainable meats, fish, and poultry.
CUA Site seitepe cose com Ohad lene rratrerie create

Executive Chef, 07/2018 to 01/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* My goals and direction needed for this 5-million-dollar operation was to bring high quality, imovative, whirsical comfort food that's
interactive for the client/guest experience, bringing contemporary Califomia- Italian fusion cuisine, with an emphasis on local farns and
businesses using sustainable meats and seafood.

Cea emen GMO MIEN Sure ace lcal pian eeatcc tse alisha tsa

¢ Ako drove dramatic cost saving of labor and food cost, currently trending at 34% food cost and 9% labor cost Selected Achieverrents:.

* Completely revamped menu, brought in fresh ingredients and new ideas, changed menu seasonally.

Eiout i ee @noig Divcutmea@elinsty mee) (Peon ics P.0) bss
Company Name 4€“ City , State

US eats mlicwacniellts mee imuee cece Olena nuke rlinmp nee ius eeeRerelcukeiricurconars cob icalrauhenny ait)
convention center atmosphere.

© Whinsical comfort food that's interactive for the client experience, bringing contemporary California Cuisine, with an emphasis on local
farms and businesses with sustainable meats and seafood.

Over saw 100+ employees and 6 chefs daily.

Execution of catering, concessions and offsite fimctions from 200-20000 people.

Drove dramatic cost savings and optimization, including running a food cost of 20% and a labor cost of 8% of gross food sales only.
Revitalized the menu to bring a fresh approach to our branding mantra, chef inspired and culinary driven, creation and implementation of 2
new catering menus, as well as multiple tailored menus to client specifications.

brairestbeny
AOS : Culinary Arts & Hospitality Management , 1997
