CHEF INSTRUCTOR
Professional Summary

Pastry chefbaker/cake decorator with 5 year history creating beautiful specialty cakes for events. Wide range of skills includes custom breads,
cookies, pies and tarts. Highly organized and supportive team player. Abundant knowledge in seasonality of ingredients as well as a passion for
local, sustainable and organic ingredients. Plans and executes menu development, budget analysis, equipment, food preparation and execution, and
ordering. Hardworking, on time, self-motivated individual with a proven record of responsibility and ability to problemsolve. Equally effective
working independently as well as ina team effort. Works well with a wide range of people at all levels; comfortable leading, collaborating or
training, Organized and detail-oriented with ability to view situations and challenges ina positive way and propose solutions to streamline
operations. Passionate about creating unique, delicious pastries using extensive knowledge of baking sciences and flavor combinations.

schivor anes
AU Cher @ravans
Oro licuba Oe clan cli cel ON ECT]

© Teaching chsses to srmall and large groups. ,
© Honing current culinary skills and sharing knowledge, methods and technique with students.A
CREO eines cco aicelnesrranes)

02/2016 to Current
Sales Representative Company Name 14 City , State

© Traveling the New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware areas selling cake and pastries for a wholesale bakery.
Ce Gesteiecalveriee acolo}
* Honing communication and sakes skills as well as conversational ability and product knowledge

ae
03/2015 to 01/2016
Assistant Pastry Chef Company Name i City , State

© Helped lead a small team of bakers

* Decorated cakes, cupcakes and a variety of other pastries for daily display case. Created different flavor combinations and seasonal goods
(Ob racrinancmuetnules trail

© Created menu items for highly popular and Napa renown Boon Fly Cafe

* Helped carry out banquets by creating attractive dessert and bread displays for up to 500 people

© Managed daily production of breads including Brioche, burger buns, focaccia, sourdough baguettes, rye bread, carraway seed, multigrain,

parker house rolls, pizza dough and biscuits.

Placed produce/dry good orders, requisitioned and other admin duties.

08/2014 to 03/2015
Event/Pastry Chef Company Naim i City , State

Communicates effectively with management as well as co workers.

Leads the team to successful parties and banquets.

Works production for the line when necessary.

Team player systematically tastes and smells all prepared dishes, and observes color, texture and gamishes.

Impkments and supports company initiatives and programs.

Consistently keeps a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.
Prepares a variety of breads, pastries, desserts, cookies as well as savory items for events ranging between 15 and 100 peopk.

08/2012 to 08/2014
POSH ee RAO OROU NANPA OES G

Managed and directed a team of three pastry line cooks to include; overseeing that daily responsibilities, health and safety standards are
Elaine

Effectively coordinated with management and kitchen staff during service to guarantee successful lmch and dinner shifis. Prepared a variety
of breads, sauces, gamishes and pastries ona daily basis needed for service.

Helped to facilitate kitchen cleanliness and sanitation as well as communicating well with co- workers in English and Spanish.

Procured supplies, foods, and equipment for pastry department.

Assisted with the initial restaurant opening and pastry department developrrent.

Spearheaded research and development to include reviewing and analyzing data on meals served, food consumed, food costs, supplies and
labor along with providing reports and recommendations based on results.

Sought new methods, products and procedures for improving the food service operation.

A Ate ecmeicl) s Oman sa toe Grrr Ke oneca dl Eckerd Paune nate mie Geechee ed wee

Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team

Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and comphints.
