PAMPERED CHEF
Summary

© Adept at organizing and facilitating management and team building training programs as well as staffand customer appreciation activities that
have created exceptional team cannraderie, customer loyalty, and company growth!

An award-winning and recognized salesperson and Corporate trainer.

Olresico meme Rn en

ied Cao a ah REC SEP Ruin nec eCPM TL ibe SE oo neces tig
customer. A

© Dependabk, resourceful, approachable, liked, and hands-on!

Highlights
© Consistent Excellence Awards achiever (Top 1.5%) in
Ra om ccHTpU cose Lemus m ce tTilLnom
© 21 years of sales, corporate training, and team buikling with Pampered © Featured on several corporate-sponsored (and
Chef , a Berkshire-Hathaway Company. Piedrad eCarice el anect cecal ee oRisbinnete aa
© Proficient in organizing group events and staff training activities with clear in the industry.
Pica ecelnesneina ioe © Utilize Creative Training Techniques and business

Experienced in creating and presenting training workshops to groups ftom 1 gangs to create a fin, karning-centered environment.

to 3,000 in product knowledge, sales techniques, customer service, smart My live cooking shows and workshop presentations

tcl neces ort eecMe led Btenn Loran were selected and made available on our corporate

Featured consultant on Pampered Chefs 2014 nationwide Training DVD. website's Online Training Center.

Enthusiastic, approachable, and easy-to-leam from. Committee's served: Consultant Awards &
De ARO Tee eee LE
OUR Rone CeO MO Ec

schivor anes
OTE Aare vag
Pampered Chef City , State

I continually, and successfully, organize and coordinate regional customer appreciation and employee training events. A I develop training materials
to help team members maintain and improve their business practices and job skills. A I regularly train team members in person or virtually to
become a marketing, selling, recruiting, and product-line expert!A I have extensive experience training employee's one-or-one to groups of
3,000. A I can organize thoughts logically and explain concepts clearly and with a ckar focus. A I am well-spoken with a demeanor that attracts
participation among the group. A I have a proven track record that myy training's are well received and ultimately income-producing for both them
and the company. A I am gencrous with team and individual praise; I recognize wint the company wants to see repeated. This is a kader

A practice I feel I've mastered.A Creating team carmraderic and a positive work culture is something I excel at; which abvays leads to company
loyalty and increased production.

PARC Ea)

Chief Concierge, Team Leader Company Nan i City , State Our goal, as a Concierge, was to create a positive, service-oriented, classy, and
FUN environment for the guests of our 875-room property! My goal was to make sure each guest felt right at hore, as ifthey WERE honr. It
NOE neenaial eer ke a tie Rovengenecs ce coeiae orem proms PCR e ZOU MCR TAA naw aneertect hin
team to bring "the How ! factor" to life; to (ideally) hear every guest reply with a "Wow!" when they heard that their request had been completed!
IGA CE non cr ninemon cree Alm meat nna emocd eee tee eras anealeel

OEE ER edeltk)

Founder/Public Relations/Lead Instructor Company Name i City , State Raised in an entrepreneurial family, I opened my own dance and
tumbling school at 18. I researched prime location options, formulited a vision and successfil business plan that I implemented on my own.

A Thirty students quickly skyrocketed to hundreds (both youth and adults). A My ability to interact with my clients in a courteous and positive
manner secured their loyalty and patronage. This business venture put me thru college and rmde me a substantial incom. A At 28, when ready to
retire from teaching, I marketed and "sold" my clientele to another local dance school for a truly substantial profit.

brairestbeny

ey)

Bachelor of Arts : Athietic Training/Sports Medicine San Diego State University 1% City , State , USA

Po beM brstiupyeecee\y (ecb

San Diego State - San Diego, CA, San Diego I completed a 5-year intership working with the university's athletes and graduated with
outstanding grades in the ficld of Sports Medicine and Athletic Training, A

1990

General Education Grossmont College i City , State , USA

7

Fire Science/Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) Miramar Community College i City , State , USA Living in a rural community, residents
were dependent on our volunteer fire department for all medical and fire emergencies until other paid departrrents could arrive. After watching my
grandmother pass away because no one in our family was capable of providing CPR, I realized I needed to step up and joined our local Volunteer
Fire Department. I completed EMT training at Miramar College, and then a 12-week National Fire Academy, where I was one of only 4 women
