CHEF OWNER
Executive Profile

A combination of specialized training and professional experience results in excellent qualifications as an EXECUTIVE CHEF, SOUS CHEF
AND CHEF. Highly skilled ina variety of cuisines, including: Italian, Peruvian, Mexican and Fusion. Possess outstanding interpersonal,
communication and training skills. Excel in creating quality cuisine within budgetary cost controls. Flexible, with the ability to achieve in both first-
class fine dining and high volume operations. Develop and motive a highly productive team Received professional training from five Certified
WEnioe

Skill Highlights
© Srl business development
© Leadership/commumication skills
© Product development © Fluent in [spanishCommunicates effectively
© Business operations organization © Event planning
Ce ciheeatineten nari « Listening skills
Cie foceisvonnetnad « Exceptional multi-tasker
© Enployee rehtions * Hospitality expertise
Parco aielticaiac|
© Customer-oriented

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
Reduced number of guest comphints by <80> percent.

Successfilly managed a kitchen staff of 40+ employees during high volume dinner services for more than 500 diners each night. Expanded [menu
iterns] line to includeIncreased sales by 50% by rolling out a revamped social media marketing initiative., which nearly doubled sales in one year.

Professional Experience
01/2010 - 09/2012
Company Name i City , State Chef Owner

CO WEroncnee tibia blres amenrseccee ce

© Recrut, interview and train staff while ensuring health and safety standards.

* Developrent of marketing strategy responsible for doubling the sales in one year.
© Received over 300 outstanding reviews on Yelp.com

01/2007 - 01/2009
Company Name i‘ City , State DIRECTOR OF CULINARY ARTS

© Train and mamage kitchen personnel, supervise/coordinate all related culinary activities; estimate consumption and requisition or purchase
food; select and develop recipes; standardize production recipes to ensure consistent quality, establish presentation technique and quality
standards; pln and price menus; ensure proper equipment operation/maintenance; and ensure proper safety and sanitation in kitchen;
oversee special catering events; and offer culmary instruction and/or demonstrate culinary techniques; responsibility for hiring, discipline,
performance reviews and initiating pay increases.

12/2003 - 12/2006
Company Name i City , State Execute Sous Chef

© Oversaw all aspects relating to culmary operations including kitchen supply and inventory, maintaining government regulations, and
monitoring customer satisfaction.

© Menu developrent as well as food preparation.

CRB ZeetetrsP Nin Lene Bseclcterasa

© Oversaw all procedures and development with Executive Chef menus and recipes, including Special VIP Events.

© Oversees 3,000 meals at day, fill service cafeteria and all catering events.

11/2001 - 12/2003
Company Name i City , State Food Service Director

© Conducted daily pre-shift and weekly departmental meetings to ensure organizational efliciency.Scheduled and directed staff in daily work
assignments to maximize productivity. Efficiently resolved problems or concems to the satisfaction ofall involved parties. Continually
monitored facility and took appropriate action to ensure food quality and service standards were consistently met.

brairestbeny
1994
Los Angeles Culinary Instituted i City , State , us.a Associate of Arts : Culiary Arts
