fo sicy

CO reeCantsl

National Registry of Food Safety Professionals Certified Food Safety Manager
National Registry of Food Safety Professionals Test Administrator/Proctor
Education and Training

High School Diplom Jun 1991 Newington High School it City , State
Summary

Passionate Chef with broad background in various culinary styles and positions. A natural eader with excellent interpersonal communication skills
and the ability to get things done overcoming any obstacks.A

Accomplishments

Voted Best Restaurant 2013

Multiple "Best Of" accolades

Experience

Chef Oct 2016 to Current

(eon ote Nina LOL NaENT OIC

VNC Once Lebrcmann eco Sool aorabeareleaecetiin menu Brramom ens ot oetm yc Born) one tn te
and discipline, cleaning and equipment maintenance.

°

Monitor p&l and food and labor costs to maximize budget and minimize waste.

a OCA ieee Mtr n CAS ETI

Oversee Dietetic Techs and work closely with dietitians to ensure that all specialized diets were adhered to as well as creating flavorful
fred me ORani se nema nnes cance ANN Larvbanied Oks nodi eke Laniy enone

* Handk all cash deposits and maintain statistical reports to monitor trends and account for all money.

¢ Reduced food costsA by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.

ool ccRueti cole nea ennai penaCn ran oacecmebnnync hares oie

Systermatically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and gamishes.

Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand pattems, budget and local labor laws.

i aren ctrtnsmth ene cekuelie lnm NieahcHie Secours ice
Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staffin producing food for banquets, catered events and cafeteria areas.
Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct temperature ofall food products.
TShlohesmnessuenhecekync mes serine aber omalnin ena cans

OS onig ueotcoccs era pee ncaa Ulla mutnacceRe naw chem

Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and comphints.

Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs, and budgetary considerations.
Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.

Developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals.

Provided nutritious, safe, visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food.

Consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly.
Displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members.

Diligently enforced proper sanitation practices to prevent the spoiling or contamination of foods.

Consistently emphasized food quality and specialized

Consistently verified that kitchen staff followed all recipes and portioned serving guidelines correctly.

Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departrrental productivity without compromising guest
RTS slate

Eien eb oso eemecnNen vient enm cate Loe

Conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues.

Decimal beclorl Mrmr e heed ket oe ees arrestee eres ecm

Inspect all areas of kitchen to maintain a clean and sanitary environment. Scheduled and monitored time off for 50 plus employees.
increased cafeteria sales by 25% and maintain saks by creatively preparing new and healthy entrees.

Fo

Cr  )

Chef Supervisor Aug 2015 to Oct 2016
(Oo aN nea ROUSE TIC

© Check the quality ofraw or cooked food products to ensure that standards are met.

© Monitor sanitation practices to ensure that employees follow standards and regulations.
© Check the quantity and quality of received products.

CO ome mecictobonkmulramieneprocccmhanudaleongyncrl es
