CO sIcg
Career Focus

Tama musing student who has recently obtained my CNA license in this state. I worked as a GNA in the UK and it has been a passion ever
since. I amconfident that I would make a wonderfill candidate for this position. From he beginning of taking my prerequisite classes for Nursing
School. I have ebb driven yet still personable. My record shows me to muti-task oriented.

oer me AN Ene Relnnckecuoia ome om ile muri lce aber Ne ec moca nto irmelirel Consonant
was accomplished. I do not want to sound arrogant - I am truly confident that with my strong work ethic, an willingness to eam, I would surely be
an asset to the St.Joseph’s Medical team. I think you for your time.

Summnry of Skills
© Understands mobility assistance needs © Trained in catheter change and preparation
CREO rlutnexonarne CME Orlintince ate sbeseat bine omens)
© Understands medical procedures © Quick probkemsolver
© Trained in grooming and bathing assistance Valid [state] driver's license
¢ General housekeeping ability ¢ Reliable transportation
© Medical terminology knowledge
Experience
March 2007 to December 2008
Ooi race O ENC Oli e

SEE ie ere csnere c ie nea Coals mene sne CR Ce brane Brees cic
© [havea degree in Culinary arts and Chef'in a fine dining establishment - I have an attention to
eo,

January 2005 to January 2007

Company Name City , State CNA/GNA within Assisted living fascility

Observed and documented patient status and reported patient comphints to the case manager.

Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.

Massaged patients and applied preparations and treatments, such as Iiniment, akcohol rubs and heat-lamp stimulation.
Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.

Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival

Colkcted urine and fecal samples.

ST eee Bog ube ne G cane iuclin ang cane ma mecc ima eeRsecinineca baste totum ane ln eves e
Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

Pied eco oor eesti oMcor eb tinaicmy dycectee nial ein oe

Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.

(eed rlnekeeesnicue mba nom nnze estos

Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems.

POO RUT CRS Cue Cann Rey a rooelineinernnnmeen ane

Kept facility stocked with necessary supplies, equipment and instruments.

Provided personal nursing care in pre- and post-operative situations.

Performed routine tests such as urine dip stick, vision and hearing tests.

Woe eB OR neo nCR Wu Ra Ice ttem ineccey

Assisted nurses with cleaning rectal tube, G-tube, J-tube, and regular catheter insertion.

Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages, and daily inputs and outputs.
