CHEF AND RESTAURANT MANAGER
Summary

Chef withA 15 years ofA highly recognizedA A work in catering and restaurant management in 4 star hotels and leading restaurants. Specializes in
creating menus that attract and retain customers for events and parties. Looking for a challenging role in culinary management.

bs hranianie
© Utilized systems to successful cost

CME ORNS LEA

© Focus on portion and cost control
© High volume production capability
© Orchestrated a successful profit and loss

© Successfully implemented front and back of the house training and
guideline programA

Be © Food cost control specialist
¢ Inventory management control
Ba Ecc © Skillful kitchen staff trainer
Accomplishments

© Successfilly managed a kitchen staffof 15 employees during high volume dinner services for more than125 covers each night.
¢ Also have extensive knowledge of catering both on and off-site productions.

¢ Managed front and back of the house with team members
© Grossed over 20k per week in food and Beverage sales

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Chefand Restaurant Manager 12/2007 to 01/2017

Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and
desserts to increase restaurant profits. Provided nutritious, safe, visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food.

Consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly.

Consistently emphasized food quality and specialized baking techniques.

Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest
Rance

Seas a ese B Leal place roar IreTBNc Eat pear Cemer ace orm

Consistently emphasized food quality and specialized cooking techniques.A

Company Name City , State Chefand Restaurant Manager 12/2007 to 01/2018

© Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to
increase restaurant profits. Provided nutritious, safe, visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food.
PR Oe sc rlvmccicemoUleeRiecesveneccr et ekarthadlia acm vce asec inmerinerigiiiattcenccel a

© Consistently emphasized food quality and specialized baking techniques.

© Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest
RTCA Lene

¢ Highly Skilled in final plate preparation with authentic presentation.

* Consistently emphasized food quality and specialized cooking techniques.A

© Increased saks by 17% over a two-year period.

¢ Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial docurrents for analysis.

Oo ANE Oh AE CLO Lom cncnie@ oe PAU Im Onhy PAN ti

© Systenntically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes.

© Provided courteous and informtive customer service in an open kitchen format.

TIplemented and supported company initiatives and programs.

Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.
ectitesreelheeramencnitenyciaiac Mcictmriee eam Aas R ame CM isc n ue Lem teach Yim

Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team

OUP a CiRiclh Pi neuvei Mi bilinbeetBeetmcninicenbna eevee Kae tise enet Ne ig neds

Prepared healthy, enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for guests and VIP's

Oo ANE Oh AE CLO Lom cncnie@ oe PAU Im Onhy PAN ti

CES onicelmonoc brn e Lat RipnasiintCich em dmleccatnt Coe) eee onthatiet Geils hes
* Provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen font.
¢ Impkmented and supported company initiatives and programs.
