ei c@s ig
Summary

Chef with 6 years of critically acclaimed work preparing delicious, healthy dishes in multiple restaurants as well as starting own business.
Specializes in preparing menus that attract and retain customers. Looking for a challenging role in culmary management.

Line Cook with 15 years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. Skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently.
Seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes ina professional, rewarding environment.

Highlights
© Sous vide technique

° itis aeisee halen * Focus on portion and cost control
OOIGE Sein ESTER

C7

: Siivanitenmerdestcenrane ier liating
© ServSafe certified am , 4
ae ere Te © High volume production capability
CJ

leelcotmincicesinad
Accomplishments
2015 "BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE AWARD" FROM THE TASTE DORCHESTER

schivor anes
eer @rod ii ZAU PAR PAU}
Company Name City , State

* Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.

Answered customers! questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.

Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire shop.

Educated customers on product and service offerings.

Oversaw all daily operations.

Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving appropriate feedback.

Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate employees.

Providing prompt, efficient and ffiendly service to the customers Anticipating customer needs and catering to the same competently
Maintaining high sanitary standards in the kitchen and serving area Managing catering services depending upon the pertinence of the event
Informing management about the areas where the service could be improved Responsible for the maintenance of the food items and
equipment Storing reusable items carefilly.

felroe CUP G RO RUAN
Company Name City , State

© Make sure a team of 10 is following food preparation, recipe adherence Performing duties for food preparation as required by the
guidelines Be able to cook for the high school's ifthe chefcall out Serve food in quantities that meet requirements Accepts responsibility for
stocking shelves and general cleaning Maintains required forms and records as assigned by manager.

Onset U Rr CU)
Company Name City , State

¢ CafA© Main Supervises team 8 Supervises ordering, purchasing, receiving, and inventory Supervises sanitation and cleaning Trains
employees Participates in menu developrrent, recipe testing, and evaluation Maintains records and computer input Maintains food costs,
safe handling and preparation standard.

First-Cook 08/2008 to 05/2009
Company Name City , State

© Responsible for all subsistence from the time they are received until consumed Conduct quality assurance evaluation of food preparation and
finished products Training and supervising the cooks, Ensure that only the highest quality products are served Close the kitchen & ensure
that the kitchen is left in good working condition Make sure lunch get out on time and dinner Cook & prepare according to daily menu
Cook for 700 to 1000 kids & catering fimetions.

Sous Chef 03/2008 to 08/2008
Company Name City , State

¢ Ekegant catering Company that been around for thirty Years, that cater to fine-dine and small parties.

© Over sees catering events for off-premise upscale jobs Supervises and participates in the production, with my team Communication, and
recommend discipline as appropriate Manage cooks & wait staff, kitchen stewards Train, develop, empower, coach and counsel, resolve
seco) b) atte

Cook/Pastry-Cook 10/2007 to 03/2008
