SENIOR EXECUTIVE CHEF

Executive Profile

To seek employment as a Executive Chef where I can offer my skills and experience

Skill Highlights

Selfmotivated Training and developing of Staff Core Accomplishments Staff Development: Launched well-received program of professional
Coren cance MMe nHm@yroncemtnemuelorcekai Leos concer MAb ne coe pee tay A

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Staff Development:

© Launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff
© Mentored and coached employees resulting ina 12% increase in productivity.

Professional Experience

Senior Executive Chef

May 2015 to Current Company Name - City , State

arene unos ny WPL pecomngernaiaatinaiid marciarecce ener neler rns kan as

Provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format.

Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly gamered diners’ praise.

Prepared healthy, enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for diners.

Prepared a variety of local and seasonal specialties which contributed to aA 10% boost in sales during the summer months.

Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and local labor laws.
TIplemented and supported company initiatives and programs.

(OSS era KGm Ree RceranC cna at penieace rl Beach

state and local sanitation and safety requirements.

Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature ofall food products.
[ectietesreehhderamenccitenyceiaiac Mxtctim sce eam Aas R amr CM isc N Ue Lemtaeen Uitem

EIe Tres One Roan Onan e

Executive Chef Retail

May 2013 to May 2015 Company Name - City , State

Manage and Oversee Culinary Team to Include.

Patient Food and Nourishments for 11867. Bed Acute Care Facility

6 Separate Retail Revenues Grossing Over 8 Million in Annual Revenue

Works with 1199 Union

Delegates and Leads a Team of 6 Salary Associates and 82 FTES and Managed Volume of 22.7 million

ote e anton Cr peo ca ects nopcdrccctine Dinu nce note hres eaetesr cane

Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and local labor laws.
Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.

Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature ofall food products.

Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team.

Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly gamered diners’ praise.

Prepared healthy, enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for diners.

Executive Chef

January 2009 to May 2014 Company Nam - City , State

Popuhtion at 180-2,000 Population at 175-1,600 Responsible for CafA@ at Both Units Also Catering for private fimetions conferences team of
28 hourly associates.

ore b uton ny peoc oa coe iecnitiea nor ciarccctineDny neal mele hres eaetear oa ane

Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and local labor laws.
TIplemented and supported company initiatives and programs.

Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.

Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature ofall food products.

Restaurant ChefRetail Chef

ATMS REN ALR Our ene N Cit ee ON mmc HIc)

Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fair concession kitchen. Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with
food allergies and dict restrictions such as gluten-free and vegan items. Responsible for all kitchen operations such as banquet events, buffet lines,
roomservice orders and hotel restaurant, Oversaw 72 cooks andA 4 Sous Chefs as part of overall back of the house operations. Executed
various kitchen stations and assisted with, meat, fish, saute or pantry Instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation, cooking, garnishing,
and presentation of food

Complied withscheduled kitchen sanitation and ensured all standards and practices were met Directed the operation and organization of kitchens
and all food-related activities, including the presentation and serving of food

Staff Restaurant and Retail Chef

June 1994 to June 2006 Company Nan - City , State

a ecte anthony WPL ecomngormn igi mercinarecce nbn ier eterna kan cs

Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and local labor laws.
TIplemented and supported company initiatives and programs.

Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.
