WENT Ol sli

Professional Summary

Lead emergency departrent training officer at NMH in Chicago
Core Qualifications

Professional Summnry - Food service professional with 6 plus years of restaurant experience adept at FOH and BOH operations.
Demonstrated team leader with excellent staff management skils. Highly proactive customer service specialist. Driven, dedicated, and
hardworking individual offering focused leadership and operational knowledge.

Nida cerenennlce

eon menniceebreueeh canine

Dynamic, Friendly restaurant host

EU clue

Food service background

Ryioea oe ealite

ERS RO mene mtS Habe

Conflict resolution techniques

schivor anes
Main Chef Company Name i City , State

Responsible for the well being and security of the client, staff, site, and/or property.

Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations and procedures. Maintained a safe working and guest environment to
reduce the risk of injury andaccidents.

Carefilly trained and supervised staff Promoted high levels of excellent customer service daily.

Insured accurate reports were produced and standards always met.Promoted positivity and professionalism daily.

Organized special events in the restaurant, including receptions, promotions andcorporate lncheons.

Clearly and promptly communicated pertinent information to staff, such as largereservations or last minute menu changes.

Interacted positively with customers while promoting restaurant facilities andservices.

QU culgelanaletmen@emiceclcmins so seacrnesln@nallminiicbraCwarlecck ities scceginiisibs ey arercenine
dinningarea.
Recognized and formally Se eed SSL staff performance to boostcompany morale and productivity.

Actively participated in ongoing customer service programs to buikd sakes andrapport in the community.

Promoted a positive atmosphere and went above and beyond to guarantee eachcustomer received exceptional food and service.
Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations and procedures.

Maintained a safe working and guest environment to reduce the risk of injury andaccidents.

Quickly identified problem situations and skillfully resolved incidents.

Assistant General Manager Company Name i City , State

Ensures high customer service is kept steady and promotes a positive environment for employee as well as customer.
Responsible for the daily outcome for the restaurant.

J Ditteceuonl ees eae EUO ME Bicyeutl adie ag

Ensures proper documentation of daily activities as well as miscellaneous expenses are properly handled.
Responsible for the interview and hiring processes for the company.

Promotes a "can do" attitude in all employees and drives them for successes.

Follows proper protocol to maintain a safe and orderly working environment.

Provides a helpfill kaming environment for potential promotion.

Main prep, Cook Company Nan 1% City , State

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning,cooking and waste control guidelines.

Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food
storage, use of kitchenequipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.

Pte Wie ie) WocRitoec@ee nie Mccllinivenmerasicecnd ot St Misia uae crems cl ke Lmnoe teamed (cm

Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and servicelevels.

Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.

Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals andkitchen sanitation.

Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearanceand cleanliness of production and service areas.
Mena e lie ci CRO oem Hem nucclonOP ren elecgeled Pom lec nonlin Mme cine Ren mueetCB iM Lerle)s ce secon cia
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

Changed and sanitized all cutting boards, benches and surfaces when beginning anew task to avoid cross-contamination.

Cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned menus, diet plans,recipes, portions, temperature control procedures and
facility policies. Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times.

brairestbeny
Associate of Applied Science
EMT/Paramedic Malcolm X College - Chicago, IL EMT/Paramedic Paramedic and Emergency Responder coursework, Hands-on coursework
