EXECUTIVE CHEF

Summary

Over 29 years experience in front and back of house. A Secking a Managerrent position. Expert in managing kitchen staffand preparing foods at
reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. Executive Chef with 4 years of experience in high-pressure culmary environments. Skilled in
Pe Ene ecnlreta a eka det Ralreonta.

Highlights
© Kitchen, Bar, & Dining Room Operations

© Integrated Inventory Contro! ° ieee Cc Ss

* Promotions & Up-sellng ° aes ahaa u
eee SP © Staff Training and Development
© Management Safety & Sanitation Compliance ° ae ai ar
© Innovative Menu Planning ° aniaete RG aii

or,
CEA orem Ucn stanunecaNoreeit onl ais aac ic
schivor anes

Oo ANE LO hole On oolluncn@ radius eR RUZ!

Innovative menu development and planning,

Food and labor cost control

Food presentation and preparation.

Managed special events.

Utne ee Dem COMB t Taha cna

OleRe Renee liom io tee rm Re Lag el om

Purchase or requisition supplies and equipment needed to ensure quality and timely delivery of services.
Training and developing employees.

(OO NAN beL OMANI eka herby instiam bs4u bom RUA LY

Recommended measures for improving work procedures and workers performance.

Created work schedules and organized employee time sheets.

Assign duties, responsibilities, and work stations to employees in accordance to with work requirements.
Performed various financial activities such as cash handling, deposits and payroll.

Observe and evaluate workers and work procedures to insure quality and standards.

(i eke co pA cUeeDeBravenieii acs gueice

Company Name City , State Sous Chef 08/2007 to 09/2009

SUT yen eum ace Laekicl tm

Planning, preparing and direction food operations in kitchen and outgoing catering orders.
Making sure all kitchen staff works to the highest culinary standards.

Checking quality and quantity of food received from suppliers.

Giving both positive and negative feedback to staffon a daily basis.

Making sure that all in house kitchen and catering policies were implemented.

Training and developing employees.

Company Name City , State Lead Expeditor/Customer Service Rep 04/2005 to 08/2008

Delivering catering orders to surrounding airports.

let sussoan cm

DAA Motgarciece OU a qsen cm

Packaging and labeling orders for outgoing deliveries.

Shopping for special requests throughout San Diego Area for an elite clientele.

Training and developing Employees.

Skills: Consistently working to high standards, Gain in-depth familiarity with any kitchen's operations, Serve Safe Management Certified,
Knowledge of different styles of cooking, Resolving personal conflicts between staff members.

© Constantly working hard to achieve personal goals and objectives. Process improverrent analysis and impkementation.

brairestbeny

Restaurant/Hotel Management 2017 Penn Foster

Managenent Serve Safe Certified 2015 City

Skills

Consistently working to high standards, Gain in-depth familiarity with any kitchen's operations, Serve Safe Management Certified, Knowledge of
different styles of cooking, Resolving personal conflicts between staff members, Constantly working hard to achieve personal goals and objectives,
Process improverrentanalysis and implementation
