EXECUTIVE CHEF/ FOOD SERVICE DIRECTOR
Executive Profile

As a Chef I have been exploring my passion for food and developing clan, healthy cooking techniques for over 30 years. This is done by
executing successfil operations strategies, decreasing staff tumover and developing winning menus according to consumer preferences. Proven
front and back of house operations experience with an excellent track record in budgeting, decreasing costs while expanding business operations.
Recognized as a highly effective leader with strong strategic plaming, communication and staff management skills. This has been proven as a food
service director and an executive chef

Skill Highlights
© Leadership with great communication skills» Diverse industry/market Knowledge
© Budgeting and analysis expertise © Vendor negotiations
© Expense control expert © Excellent customer/employee communications
Ce deetetcPslnemeeigeneacs © Profit generation

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Purchased & initiated a struggling catering company into a very successfil catering company and 100 seat restaurant. Increased sales and
marketing by 22% from previous year.

Mediated vendor relations to decrease food cost by 7% in 2007 annually.

Launched ongoing well-received program mentored by the Health Department and ServSafe. To include sanitation, food safety and hygiene.
Poulan uciitLcee Oe mon ob iLcLeeOlUR STB LOU kere n emit ia hea

Effectively managed restaurant kitchen, food service director keadership and catering in large volun.

Professional Experience
Executive Chef? Food Service Director 02/2008 is Current Company Name City , State

Provides all phases of the hiring disciplinary actions and termination of employees.

Bi CGe wi edcoeke ales cucmccaieke ute

Supervising staff engaged in the preparation and serving of fresh whoksome foods to residents three times daily and special fimctions/events.
Maintaining the cleanliness of food service areas and equipment.

Inspecting of the entire kitchen and three dining rooms.

Successfilly honing in on all budgetary & financial records for the food service area.

Performed work schedules and evahuting the work performance of staff

Supervise and maintaining menus and recipes with recommendations of the Dietitian as appropriate.
Excellent negotiating and purchasing all Food Service products, including equipment.

Maintaining updated records in accordance with federal and state regulations.

ServSafe Certification in accordance with the state of Florida Food Managerrent guidelines.
Attained average food cost of 26.8%.

President/Owner/Executive Chef 12/2005 i 04/2008 Company Name City , State

Effectively ran and oversaw the daily café operations and coordinated and planned events for large catering parties.
Responsible for all hiring, disciplinary actions and termination ofall employees.

Take charge attitude in the kitchen on a daily basis as well as a hands-on mamager style at all times.
BicheccREnsimlom pate cosines uctmscareckelicen

Supervised staff engaged in the preparation and serving of fresh wholesome foods to clients for catering jobs and in the cafA@.
(8 einer EaVGNCOe hetconn neice lnmee iat ata

Maintains all budgetary & financial records for the food service area.

Prepares work schedules and evaluates work performance of staff.

Creates menus and recipes for daily cafA@ menu and 10- 600 guests catering events.

Negotiates and purchases all food service products, including equipment.

Maintains ServSafe Certification in accordance with the state and federal laws.

Food Services Director/Executive Chef'02/2001 1% 01/2006 Company Name City , State

Provides all phases of the hiring disciplinary actions and termination of employees.

Bi CGe wi edcoeke ales cucmccaieke ute

Supervising staff engaged in the preparation and serving of fresh whoksome foods to residents three times daily and special fimctions/events.
Maintaining the cleanliness of food service areas and equipment.

Inspecting of the entire kitchen and three dining rooms.

Successfilly honing in on all budgetary & financial records for the food service area.
