EXECUTIVE CHEF
Professional Summary

Talented Executive Chef with twenty five years experience developing menus and working as head chefowner of mobile Cesta iled ts eB HG
food Cajun and Classical Seafood/Cajun/Creole Family restaurant. Twenty five years professional experience as a dynamic, resourcefil and skilled
Executive Head Chef with a proved success record in both fine dining and catering Highly skilled chef with proved EU nmeomsceeeecretalinarrer]
orgnnsea tunately

Core Qualifications

Food and beverage handling expert Italian cuisine expertise Skillfil kitchen staff trainer Elmic foods preparation Capable concession stands
manager Food cost control specialist French cuisine talent Food cost analysis expert American cuisine expert Intemational culinary skills Viiv
to handle fast-paced Back of house operations environment as well as front of house understanding Ability to handle/resolve probkns Kitchen
productivity Successfill kitchen staffsupervisor Strong customer relationship buikler Cash handling Plate presentation skills Special dietary needs
expert Proficiency in inventory and ordering Food handling knowledge Proved keadership skills Food production quality knowkdge Reliabk,
punctual and conmitted to High evel of cleanly kitchen customer service maintenance Staff scheduling knowledge Interviewing and training ability
Sensitive to cultural diversity Knowledge of basic food preparation Strong restaurant serving experience Knowledge of products and Team-
oriented selections Willing to work under pressure Menu developrrent skills Written and oral communication skills Open Tabk experience Good
personal hygiene Proved success in up-selling Works well under pressure Basic knife skills Preparation of various food items [es sranlig
Rel ees See LO nated boa oe. Ue ACM or SiEenuecoce ic ceunscrace nena crea
ene ere Nn aOR COLA MUD are Reet sts

Experience

December 1987

Company Name City , State Executive Chef

Operations Management: Food Preparation Responsible for coordination of up to 12. servers in restaurant with Colla ee AU ty

Baked, roasted, broiled, and steamed meats, fish, vegetables and other foods.

St es B inane escty sce nicer so cM ERE eee tesco e

eeepc mca eMe esos ee eae out an ccm

Weel boucco see moll cone ienc cree enircd

accel ceeB uere Bante

Cleaned and inspected galley equipment, kitchen appliances, and work areas.

Spoke with patrons to ensure satisfiction with food and service.

Trained new employees.

Trained kitchen staffon proper use of equipment, food handling and portion sizing,

eS Set recipe ic Lok elena hens om once nen eL yi cael em

Supervised kitchen staff of 10 people and ensured proper event set-up, food preparation, kitchen ckan-up and proper shut down.

Adjusted monthly menus to maximize use of scasonal local ingredients and delicacies.

Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and dict restrictions such as gluten-free and vegan items.

Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fiir concession kitchen.

Trained staffof eight employees for correct facility procedures, safety codes, proper recipes and plating techniques.

Managed preparation and presentation of the desserts for all catered events.

eS Seana naribeora eens hotel cs ecm onnkcar crete tiny bccn tral

Hired and trained staff of 12 food preparation employees.

Oversaw 10 cooks and a Sous Chefas part of overall back of the house operations.

Managed food and produce receiving process with 100% accuracy.

Sct p a anceduci on bues Lonnie Oe Pies R om ESE OO nae CeO CRO ar eRe) he veitertuisaatcke a aac

industrial kitchen Developed popular daily specials with personally sourced ingredients for broiler and sautA@ stations.

© Responsible for daily set up of five stations.

Developed popular daily specials with personally sourced ingredients for broiler and sautA© stations,

¢ Ensured minimal product shrink and coordinated secondary usage of product Executed various kitchen stations and assisted SUR a iam
sautA© or pantry Informed patrons of establishment specialties and features Instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation,
cooking, gamishing, and presentation of food Loaded dishwashers and hand-washed items such as pots, pans, knives Planned and
prepared food for parties, holiday meals, hmcheons, special fimetions, and other social events Specialized in preparing fancy dishes and/or
Le Reo LCi ua RMB vinlac hu am Macu Re men bnagenronieninsaa tite ccc hnckee rn
activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation Used all food handling standards Colborated with other personnel to plan
and develop recipes and menus Compiled and maintained records of food use and expenditures Cooked food properly and ina Thiel
eae moc Uni e@ue ccm L corgi nodes arekewart bgere Cals ln se working on several different orders
Sa cae cE Cone guises Pi oceniguccnitamnimi alma crackin keen Bratton
including the presentation and serving of food Ensured consistent high quality of plate presentation Ensured first-in-first-out SNL UII
ingredients labeled and stored properly Maintained contact with kitchen staff, management, serving staff, and customers Maintained Pyar)
of control for storage temperatures and proper fimctioning of kitchen equipment Oversaw kitchen employee operations to ensure production
levels and service standards were maintained Seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience
Suggested additional items to customers, as appropriate, to increase restaurant sales.

SV EUnl ee R sre Cueto canna Muted coer bate Cent relate

SM CO ae a eOKlinmocncuniretcpire Rete stcee
