Summary

Tama kitchen manager with six years in BOH operations. Demonstrated team keadership with excellent staff management skills.I amalso a
Motivated chef with 5+ years experience in fast-paced restaurant kitchens. looking to work for a company were I can put my talent and skill to
good use I ama hands on manager and very well respected amongst my employees or staff members nothing has very been giving to me and i
Se eto am Ce ROKcTiKteamULmom irene cles ia Mme Bench Bett coringcer Loses Anca mca En ceOMcn Tes
affaid to start from the bottomas a line cook or sous chef'and work my way up to the top . with a good respectable company

Hard working food service professional
KITCHEN MANAGER/ CATERING AND EVENTS CHEF

Highlights

© ServSafe certified ,

© High volume production capability ° a anion oat ad

eter bet ce nie . my ieee

¢ WelF-tuned palette a Res pe

* Focus on portion and cost control ° aa

CAB Gcnonprraiicancne ier aaing 5 q

a cen Ethnic foods preparation

CREO rodeo omnia cep uecm ese cccnleBsese ib tater eee tre) specialist

© Cash handling

© Reliable and punctual Successful kitchen staff supervisor

* Reliable team worker — .. ;

BN cim ener pincer einen Pere ee LEE ag

© Comfortable standing for long time periods

* Delivers exceptional customer service ed

¢ Commercial deep fryer and slicer operation Phte presentation skills

Ce yrerbe(og
eer ayia cum ineiomet eens
Willing to work under pressure Reliable, punctual and commited to customer service
schivor anes

Company Name City , State kitchen Manager / Catering and events chef07/2011 to 01/2014

Apportioned and served food to facility residents, employees, or patrons.

Checked the quantity and quality of received products

Ol lredn Ouran RCirorcp neice mune Cnckemcoaziecd

Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fair concession kitchen.

Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and diet restrictions such as gluten-free and vegan items.
Trained staff of twenty three employees for correct facility procedures, safety codes, proper recipes and plating techniques.
Examined trays to ensure that they contained required items

Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup

Managed preparation and presentation of the desserts for all catered events.Oversaw 8cooks and 17 staff members as part of overall back of the
house operations.

oversaw the meal on wheels operation for saint luice county

Company Name City , State Kitchen manager / Executive chef(01/2008 to 06/2011

Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.

Performed tableside food preparation including carving meats, boning fish and fowl and preparing flaming dishes.
Regularly inquired about member or guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and fulfilled fimther requests.

clita he Atel Ko troB NE ee a OR e leu es oCR RCC CHIE CG bce) 18 Oe
