TABLE GAMES DEALER

Summary

Throughout the years, I've been trained to give only the best service and customer care. It is not only about doing the job right, but to make sure
the customer is satisfied with their experience. I've progressed froma cashier, to a waitress, to my most recent employment as a blackjack dealer,
giving me a total of three years experience in customer care. However, My skills are not limited to this description, so I'm sure I'll be the perfect fit
for any position availabk.

Highlights

Cash handling

* Reliable team worker
* Neat, clean and

Falvey ecu t21h
appearance
Ceol) cele tied
Typing speed of 98 WPM, PowerPoint, Word, Access, Excel, Photoshop; Trained to deal: Blackjack, for long time periods
UnltimateTexas Hokd’emand Three Card Poker. Customer service experience and course training, Wa Eee atl stie
Rails

Delivers exceptional
relnemicaLed

Se eee oe LY
© Excellent multi-tasker

schivor anes
BE) cece Bola
NG eM PAO R EMC EGe lian ci ck OrN mnt

¢ Educated customers on gare ruks and mthemntical probabilities of various wagers.

© Increased volume and loyalty to the casino by attracting new players and building one-on-one relationships with guests.
© Took and paid bets and retrieved cards.

¢ Inspected cards and equipment to be used in games to verify proper functioning.

© Processed customer transactions involving cash, and casino chips.

* Cakulted change for currency, chips, vouchers and checks.

¢ Provided excelent customer service for up to (6) players at the same time, including their guests.

Server/Hostess/Cashier
April 2010 to May 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

© Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers ina timely, friendly mamer. Facilitated prompt and accurate seating and
Rosey ml bur ety

Managed closing duties, including restocking items and reconciliation of the cash drawer.

QUI Sa nie Ul eek ibgomounicencnineninineacice

Skillfiily anticipated and addressed guests' service needs. Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service. Inquired about guest satisfaction,
Pesce eo a ErentceIree aly eimlil ccm rede cice

Routinely cleaned table linens, table settings, glassware, windowsills, carpets, counters, floors, storage areas and service refrigerators.
Correctly calculated charges, issued bills and collected payments.

Continually kept carpets and floor clear of debris. Regularly cleaned host stand and buffet area.

Maintained a professional tone of voice and words at all times, including during peak rush hours.

Actively complied with all health department regulations and rectified issues immediately.

Operated and maintained cleaning equipment and tools, including the dishwasher, and hand/table wash stations.

Transported all dirty tableware from dining room to dishwashing area for proper cleaning.

Consistently delivered exceptional customer service by quickly and efficiently clearing restaurant tables.

Ni ere cece Bralniece Rs Goal iec enamel eine anicy

Provided high quality service.

Nastoraiality
February 2009 to January 2010 Company Name i’ City , State

Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers ina timely, friendly mamer..
QUI Sa nie Ul eek ibgomounicencnineninineacice

Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service.

Inquired about guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and happily fullfilled requests.
Prepared the buffet and salad bar for dinner service.

Continually kept carpets and floor clear of debris.

Maintained a professional tone of voice and words at all times, including during peak rush hours.
Facilitated prompt and accurate seating and service ofall guests.

Regularly cleaned host stand and buflet area.

Transported all dirty tableware from dining room to dishwashing area for proper cleaning.
