EXECUTIVE CHEF
Professional Summary

A Dynamic and accomplished catering and food service professional with prior work in social and corporate markets. Notable successes in large
scale event phnning, food production, food preparation and menu development. Currently secking a managerrent position in food service.

als

Conflict Resolution

Leadership Skills

Staff Training

Premier Ordering

FMS(Food Managerent Systems)
Hospitality Suite

Payroll and scheduling
Nraaicrhen@artivetueny

High energy

Vendor relations Sysco/U.S Foods

Wostrlensececcer ashy
Menu planning
Problenr solving

Strong work ethic

Work History
Executive Chef06/2016 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Inventoried food, ingredient, and supply stock to prepare and plan vendor orders.

Hired, trained and managed all kitchen staff, including employee development, issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance
fea coe

Incorporated customer feedback in the experimentation and creation of new signature dishes.

Monitored linework processes to ensure consistency in quality, quantity, and presentation.

Generated employee schedules, work assignments and determined appropriate compensation rates.

Ensured personnel safety, kitchen sanitation and proper food handling or storage.

Planned promotional menu additions based on seasonal pricing and product availability.

Executive Chef 01/2015 to 03/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Consistently verified that kitchen staff followed all recipes and portioned serving guidelines correctly.

7 cee eauiba let i niclsuclelr key neccdronnto lari wetiiacalrena ccly ciel

Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest
Rance

* Worked with nutritionist and doctors to develop proper meals for patients with special needs.

© Responsible for weekly cleaning schedule and submitting cleaning reports to management.

© Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

Executive Chef 08/2012 to 01/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Collborated closely with the Food and Beverage Director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues.
© Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.

© Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team

* Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

© Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.

© Consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly.

¢ Responsible for managing food production for a high volume $15 million account,

Sous Chef Interim Executive Chef 01/2009 to 08/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Inspected dining and serving area to ensure cleanliness and proper set up.

Instructed cooks and other staff in the preparation, cooking, gamishing and presentation of food.
eee esl mma UUs CUE cot Paene OMB Mu IRe nat nce ie lilenesCeeelbe

Responsible for managing employees in the BOH and the FOH daily.

Experience managing branded retail locations.

Responsible for keeping up with inventory levels & ordering products in compliance.

COO REICH are nice lec El eer reNm ONES a etl

Developed menus, pricing, and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction.
Effectively managed a kitchen staff for banquets, catered events.

Kitchen Supervisor 06/2005 to 06/2009
