bce 4 SOLUS UAU CEOS Ico
Summary

Taknted executive chef with 22 years of experience running a quality kitchen. Train and manage kitchen personnel and coordinate all related
culimary activities, including estimating food consumption and purchasing food, selecting and developing recipes, standardizing recipes for consistent
quality, establishing presentation and quality standards, and ensuring proper safety and sanitation in the kitchen. Recognized as an effective kader
with strong strategic phnning, communication, and staff managerrent skills.

Highlights

Extensive butchery knowledge and skills

High volune production capability eS)

Focused and disciplined Focus on portion and cost control
Nasri creat eNY

Accomplishments

Cooked at the James Beard House

Participated at The Food and Wine Classic in Aspen, Colorado

Cooked for the Les Amis d'Escoffier Society

Featured in numerous local papers

Completed Beef 101 at Texas A&M

Successfilly managed a kitchen staff of 40+ employees during high volume dinner services for more than 500 diners each night.

schivor anes
Oo ANE LO AEE coluneO rade UC eOk@ueice’

COM eke ron Leen cnc MDE EO eee eLener NEI Lomicm IS auat hed
Supervise training new hires and retraining existing staff on food presentation techniques.

Oversee staff'scheduks and quality control.

Regulate inventory controls, food cost (32%) labor cost (8%) and kitchen sanitation.

Ensure excellence in guest satisfaction through eflective training of staff

Oo ANE LO AEE collunn Ord mee ER OLIN SAE

Opened a new operation with a staffof 50.

Maintained a labor cost of 8.5% and food cost of 33%.

aren te miniinnceb edt os irl beawade pe nictlm

Met with sales representatives in order to negotiate prices and order supplies.

Managed smalhvares ordering for opening a 9,000 square foot restaurant.

Butchered all steaks ina steakhouse that serves prime, grass-fed and Angus steaks.

Impkmented a training schedule so that broiler che& are knowledgeable about different cuts and grades of meat.

Company Name City , State Executive Chef 08/2012 to 12/2013

Changed all dining room and banquet menus.

Assisted in overseeing multiple operations of the Breckenridge- Wynkoop Company.

Maintained a food cost of 27%.

Scheduled a staff of 50 people on a weekly basis while mamging a labor cost of 8%,
Increased banquet sales from $750,000 to $1.5 million within 1 year.

Improved the overall standard of the Breckenridge- Wynkoop brand.

Created a training schedule for banquet staff to be able to handle increase in business.

Oo ANE LO AE ole colunn OMe ECOL U se.

© Developed all menus: Lunch, Brunch, Happy Hour and Dinner.

® Trained and retrained kitchen staff on all menu items new and pre existing.

COP GnianGrebemallimuoccicenm ies ieieeaiteateeccrnen ecto

© Scheduled staff hours and assigned all duties.

* Prepared and cooked foods ofall types, either on a regular basis or for special guests or fimctions.

Company Name City , State Executive Sous Chef 10/2006 to 11/2011
