EXECUTIVE CHEF
bUreferei al bs}
I have honed my professional craft by working in New York City (most recently Gastro Arte and Oxford Kitchen Fort Greene Brooklyn),
Hoboken, Oaxaca Mexico, as well as presiding over two top rated, highly coveted award winning well known extremely high volume Knowles
family restaurants and hotel in New Jersey in which my skills were perfected and compkted in all aspects of running award winning restaurants.
With this comes a proven track record and an excellent reputation .Afler my time at the Highlawn, I was given the reigns of their sister restaurant
‘The Manor as the Chef D’ Cuisine because of my work ethic, dedication to my staffand my craft. With the opportunity to run my own
establishment, I was brought on to open gastro pubs such as Sixty Park next door to the PAC Center and the Tap House Grill. I opened these
establishments as upscale casual and rustic comfort food with banquet and catering on site to excellent reviews and a steady following, I amako
heavily involved as a ead chef consultant for creating successful menus and kitchen designs to open such restaurants as Halcyon and Montchir
Station in Montchir NJ and Bistro Seven Three in Bernardsvilk. I stand by my food with simpke and colorful plate designs with bold flavors and
mny ability to train and inspire my staff with my progressive and kad by example philosophy. With me you will get a loyal hardworking chef with a
love of our industry. I take my craft seriously bringing no ego just passion, pride and ambition nunber. I amavailabk to interview at your earliest
Ce en ebads Melia ane Srecmuelintc nn ectice
Nas

¢ Beautifil presentation of food

© Strong attention to safe food handling procedures

© Effective planner

Work History
Executive Chef, 01/2013 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Designed and purchased entire kitchen Created all menus and menu design, brunch included Hired all staffcreated employee handbooks
and set pars Personally trained staffof 15 to open kitchen within 10 days of hirng Impkmented my compkte opening manual for restaurant
Brought on all vendors( mostly local) Introduced sanitation guidelines/ day dots/ FIFO/ Auto Chior systems Compkete fromscratch kitchen
including duck egg pastas and ramen 25% food cost to start Received very well by commumity and reviews have been excellent.
Maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees.

Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards,

ee mere Re Oe MUCUS CR MOCO Mn cineetuLetteice rR LNicecanlinelys ees Oba naim att nese
Planned lunch, dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house special events and catering.

Prepared operational reports and analyses and mde appropriate recommendations about progress and negative trends.

Created and managed budgets for operations and capital equipment.

JON ileces ER Ont Ec e LRea iC ES Hei sue b ee men veb Ut O Ne SUAS N ARTO eiesEmnbonal Pn ke enor oy

Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas,
Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.

Po aueimn ero uccdceBvosouiilncem abe ncaa criti eos

Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service kevels.

Led shifls while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.

DicTOC EVRA ET Comoe korounlcei nematic one d crater ekeelina aba meL a

chefde cuisine , 01/2012 to 01/2013
Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ HEAD CHEF 65k Ran all daily operations for the BOH Retrained staffimade kitchen efficient/ compkte fromscratch( sauces stocks,
pastas, desserts) Raised check averages/ contro! of food cost Staffing/ ordering and purchasing Developed all menus including desserts for
the holiday season as well as our many parties ranging from40- 100 people per event Average covers 180- 250 nightly/ brunch Sat-Sun
100-250 Taphouse Grille, Wayne, NJ EXECUTIVE CHEF 62 k Redesigned failing and outdated menw/ compkte fromscratch kitchen
Retrained staffmade kitchen efficient/ Raised check averages/ regained control of food cost Staffing , training, scheduling of staff ordering
and purchasing Incorporated our 25 craft beer list into our food Implemented proper food handling and storage to save money Average
covers 180-250 nightly Increased profits 16% to an annual gross of $800,000.

chefde cuuisine , 01/2010 to 0122012
Company Name a€“ City , State

CHEF D'CUISINE 55k Succeeded with the challenge of taking control and revamping the menu and retraining my cooks to a high level of
quality in one year.

Profits of 2-3million sokly a la carte not including banquets and weddings 2 stars NY Times/3 stars Star Ledger Responsibk for 12-15
kitchen employees including banquet personnel and wait staff (raining, quality control, motivation, problem solving).

Ordering foods and supplies for entire restaurant which includes bar, banquet, and a ha carte kitchen.

Scheduling, menu development and food costs and waste control maintained accurately using excel spreadsheets.

Working closely with purveyors to ensure best possibk prices to keep an accurate food cost.

Developed better techniques and recipes for the Banquet department to produce superior food and improve service tines.

Responsible for weekly chef tasting menus, holiday menus and numerous private a ha carte fimctions being held in addition to nightly service.
Believes in training FOH in all aspects of the kitchen (menu, prices, procedures) to better suit the expectations of customers.

Received high marks from health inspectors for cleanliness, proper labeling, storage of food items and temperature control.
