PASTRY CHEF /SERVER
Ritirerca

errno Aero sna isla ncece ners leet B emscs nice Rcaau neuro Valera cen lel EXE eae NERO Nal slg sceire Runes’
satisfaction and handle any issues or comphints. It will be my pleasure to design and implement training for servers, bussers, hosts, baristas, and
bartenders:L this training will involve raining on menu items, as well as "shadowing" other servers to eam the restaurant's procedures and
Setrenie caters ha M Ara ce eS CRUMP Cra misaee cine COP COOMA TM pa ecclinllugansceenincan aramid cai se)
systems to manage product waste, labor costs, and breakage. Ako I will oversee the facility upkeep, ensuring that the front ofhouse areas are
ckan and meet restaurant standards while arranging that repairs are made in a timely manner and I will facilities maintenances needed.

Shan ati
¢ Strong organizational skills ene
yee ann eee
See oboe nile seo ae otter neers
ay Oe suede saad
CMe Sroynat emer a@sitiinee Same renraecicy neces tid
Ce incon agoonice salinity

Accomplishments

Customer Service A

© Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

Customer Assistance A
¢ Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
ORBLE OLE’
© Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
Experience
atte Lae casio
May 2014 to Septerber 2015 Company Name - City , State

Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.Consistently produced
Cocoa bere onice ise culiamesteraceR einem shee

Line Cook
March 2013 to March 2014 Company Name - City , State

Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs, and budgetary considerations. Provided nutritious, safe,
visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food.

WSiahbas
April2012 to November 2012 Company Nanr - City , State

Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.
Maintained system of control for storage temperatures and proper finctioning of kitchen equipment

Customer Service Rep
September 2012 to Decerrber 2012 Company Name - City , State

Developed highly empathetic client relationships and eamed reputation for exceeding sakes goals. Achieved high sakes percentage with consultative,
value-focused customer service approach.

Cent Ganereco SEN NoaiaY
Janvary 2007 to January 2008 Company Name - City , State

¢ Accepted payment fiom customers and made change as necessary.Checked patrons’ identification to ensure that they met minimum age
requirements for consumption of alcoholic beveragesCleaned bars, work areas, and tabkesAssisted diners with seating as needed

Customer Service Representative
March 2004 to Noverrber 2007 Company Name - City , State
