cd COLES UAYETO) SID g

Summary

Executive Chef with a two year culinary degree and one year experience in high-pressure culinary environments. Skilled in preparing large volumes
of food quickly and efficiently. Seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes ina professional, rewarding

NTC HED ea

Highlights

® Combat Life Saver Course, Camp Parks, Ca 11/29/2007 7 a ieee

© Department of Defense Certified Mediator Course, Fort Riky, Ks 05/25/2007 Contractor Representative Course, a rr ai
Fort Gillen, Ga 01/12/2007 anid

© Department of the Anny Inspector General Course, Fort Belvoir, Va 09/30/2005 Advanced Non Commissioned inne
Officers Course, US Amy, Fort Leonard Wood, Mo 06/28/2005 vet paren

CRG oe Mica mba Go cecP ha OOrcucn ares Date eFC cae Oeil og Fan ee
Trainer Course, Camp Shelby, Ms. 09/27/2002 Drill Sergeant School, US Army NCO Academy, Fort Leonard creer
Seem UOn Pept) en

© Marine Corp Non-Resident Leadership Course, Fort Leonard Wood, Mo 02/17/1995 Instructor Training Course, ef A
Paina ere ogi B TLL pare arial

Accomplishments

Finalist in the Downtown Meridian Earth Bounty Chopped Completion Contest.

Two time President's List for Honor Recognition

Successfilly managed a kitchen staffof 12 employees during high volume. breakfast, lunch, and dinner services for more than 175 diners each day.

schivor anes
Executive Chef
January 2014 to October 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsibke in planning all aspects of dietary operations, including setting priorities and job assigmments for a one hundred and twenty
person assisted health care facility to include seventy five staff members.

© Managed dietary budget to include bor cost, forecasting, and ordering.

© Responsible for the quality and appearance of food, the morale of the staff.

* Developed positive relationships on behalf of company with residents, families, and state and local government officials.

Associate Pastor
March 2013 to Current Company Nan i City , State

¢ Assist Senior Pastor as the church's Outreach Minister by mentoring and counseling members of the church and commumity who have or is
continuing to struggle with drugs and alcohol,

© Prepared when called upon to preach sermons and assume keadership rok when the Senior Pastor is away.

© Responsible for preparing Wednesday Evening Meals for up to seventy five church members.

AAidevicom Wonca Doniaae Bees
AU PAPE Olu ee PaGQene olan ct ch /L ONES (o

« Assisted Warehouse Manager and Shop Manager with the loading and off loading of equipment and logistics off of large trucks.
© Was offen called upon to transport trucks to various locations throughout the country.

Salcsm Bien @e)liecs\ioleiies
August 2010 to June 2011 Company Name 14 City , State

© Responsible for ensuring the safe practice of truck drivers, mechanics, and oilfield workers throughout East Central Mississippi and West
Ahbarm.Coordinates and implements a training program in occupational and environmental safety.

© Responsible for the quality assurance inspections of equipment and personnel before, during, and after operations.

© Responds to accidents and recommends changes to policies and procedures when necessary.

Master Sergeant
January 1983 to July 2010 Company Name i'4 City , State

* Passed on to others, who are in leadership positions instruction and guidance in effort to enhance unit effectiveness based on own
Oar eT cee

© Assisted the Commanding General in determining the state of discipline, morale and readiness throughout the 311th command which
consists of over 6,300 service members on four different base camps in Kuwait.

¢ Conducted Inspector General Inquiries, along with high profiled investigations and inspections.
