RG) s1fe sisi
Core Strengths
© Highly responsible and reliable

A nee © Food safety understanding
° piney en sehen pie
CMe eseorsibecoranreya kdl av eer pert
© Works well under pressure A Serene eer

Accomplishments

ServSafe Certified

Food Preparation

Maintained daily cleanliness of broiler and fryers.

Answered telephone calls and responded to inquiries.

Assigned patrons to tables suitable for their needs and according to rotation

Checked temperatures of freezers, reftigerators, and heating equipment to ensure proper fimetioning.
(OV eiicebt Resin aceRe luna a CCnDeB telat esliccce

Seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience.

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Sushi Chef 10/2014 to Current

Working at Wasabi's Downtown entailed the sare tasks a sushi chef'as Sushi Time, only I am now second chef instead of head chef. I feel like I
am again coming to the point where I would like a new opportunity to start from the bottomas I have done in the past at Sushi Time and The 5
Spot.

On ANE Oh AE CED NC Ler pe eOee) ate Cam LUPUS

Working at The 5 Spot was a really awesome experience for me. It provided some of the more conventional style kitchen and line cook
experience that I had not so much been exposed to at Sushi Time. I ako started offat the dishwashing position here. Although I was only there for
a short period of time, the exposure to this type of kitchen environment was something that I had been missing in my culmary experience. It also
posed a challenge for me since I have been mostly making sushi for the better part of the last few years. The 5 Spot was a highly fast-paced
neighborhood kitchen. So, you had to be quick all around and good knife skills are a must. I really enjoyed the challenge of once again having to
start all over from the bottom and work my way back up. I ended up leaving The 5 Spot due to constant management changes and an offer to
work for my ok] boss again.

Company Name City , State Host, Server, Dishwasher, Cook 03/2008 to 03/2014

Sushi Time Towa is the first restaurant i have worked for. I have been employed by Sushi Time for six years where I started at the very bottom
and worked my way to the top. I have worked as a host and as a server which consisted of me greeting customers, helping them to their seats,
Puree RUN Nen RU Ona na aOR Len Lan secday cre B comes Ltt bce aac BNC Re resi caaiaw eg
about a year, so most of my time has really been spent working in the kitchen and making sushi. In order for me to work my way up through the
ranks to sushi, I started at the very bottom in the dish pit. This consisted of me washing all dishes, pots, pans, and silverware. I was also required
to prep meats and veggies. Having started at the dist/prep position, these tasks really helped me build a strong work ethic and develop great knife
skills as well. I then moved over to cooking which consisted of still participating with prep work, but also cooking and frying all orders. Prep
consisted of cutting chicken, beef, shrimp, squid, and all types of veggies. I have been doing sushi now for 3 years. That is, Monday-Saturday 10-
10, give or take a few hours. I have had random days off here and there and some holidays, but for the most part 12 hours a day, 6 days a week.
Thave developed such a passion for food and seeing a smile on a person's face when they bite into the food and love it. I love being in an
environment conducive for success and working hard while loving what I do. Being a sushi chefat Sushi Time consists ofa wide range of tasks.
Tve received serve safe managerial training, so I am in charge of making sure everything is clean and up to code. I'malso in charge of going over
inventory; ranging from paper/phastics, to all meats and veggies, also drinks and akohol. This task also means I must handle all ordering trough the
different distributors and vendors we may use. My job requires me ona daily basis to: cook and marinate rice, cut and prepare fish for the day,
muking sushi-rolk, nigiri, sashimi, platters etc. Im also required to assist customers sitting at the sushi bar with any inquiries or concems they my
have. Over the course of the 6 years i have been employed by Towa, I have gained so much. Ive matured so much through this job and sushi really
has become such a passion of mine. I ama really hard worker who is also fin to work with, who is merely seeking a new opportunity to firther my
skill set and continue doing what i love. I have a positive attitude and a willingness to lear. And I have no problem adjusting to any style or
training. I will work any days/nights or weekends and holidays ifnecessary.

Educational Background
Associate of Applied Science : Electrical Computer Engineering 2012 Savanmh Technical College , City , State , United States
GED : General Education Wayne County Highschool , City, State , United States

Wayne County High school Grades 9-11 Glynn Adult Literacy program-GED
als
