ASSISTANT CHEF
Professional Summary
Tam seeking a competitive and challenging enviroment where I can serve your organization and establish a career for myself I want to excel in
this field with hard work, perseverance and dedication.
Education and Training
Bachelor's Degree : Healthcare Administration Jan 2016 NEW ENGLAND COLLEGE, City , State GPA: Graduated Magna Cum Laude
Healthcare Adiinistration Graduated Magna Cum Laude
Associate's Degree : Culinary Arts Sep 2005 ART INSTITUTE OF WASHINGTON , City , State Culinary Arts
Skill Highlights
* Personal and professional integrity
© Relationship and team building
© Proven patience and self-discipline
* Effectively influences others

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Assistant Chef01/2012 to 06/2014

Led and trained workers of 4 in food preparation, service, sanitation, and safety procedures.

Resolved customer comphints regarding food service.

Purchased or requisitioned supplies and equipment needed to ensure quality and timely delivery of services.

Observed and evaluated workers and work procedures to ensure quality standards and service, and complete disciplinary write-ups.
Specify food portions and courses, production and time sequences, and workstation and equipment arrangements.

Inspect supplies, equipment, and work areas to ensure efficient service and conformance to standards.

Assigned duties, responsibilities, and work stations to 4 employees in accordance with work requirements.

Conducted meetings and collaborated with other personnel to plan menus, serving arrangements, and related details.

Company Name City , State SBA-Kitchen 07/2010 to 05/2014

* Check the quality ofraw or cooked food products to ensure that standards are met.

¢ Prepare and cook foods ofall types, either on a regular basis or for special guests or fimctions.

© Assists Executive Chefand Sous Chefs with preparing food for Presidential fictions. Assists Chef with preparing meals for the first family.
* Follow recipes and presentation specification as set by the White House staffand Executive Chef.

Company Name City , State Restaurant Cook 08/2008 to 06/2009

Inspect and clean food preparation areas, such as equipment and work surfaces, or serving areas to ensure safe and sanitary food-handlng
Fret ee

Ensure food is stored and cooked at correct temperature by regulating temperature of ovens, broikrs, grills, and roasters.

Ensure freshness of food and ingredients by checking for quality, keeping track ofold and new iterrs, and rotating stock.

LOBULE Dene Beer CEa aves Cera RUCT ONES msi Letom

Observe and test foods to determine if they have been cooked sufficiently, using methods such as tasting, smelling, or piercing them with
utensils.

Consult with supervisory staff to plan menus, taking into consideration factors such as costs and special event needs.

Company Name City , State Cook 08/2005 to 06/2008

Inspect and clean food preparation areas, such as equipment and work surfaces, or serving areas to ensure safe and sanitary food-handlng
Fret ee

Substitute for or assist other cooks during emergencies or rush periods.

Carve and trim meats such as beef, veal, ham, pork, and lamb for hot or cold service, or for sandwiches.

Take and record temperature of food and food storage areas such as reftigerators and freezers.

Prepare a variety of foods, such as meats, vegetables, desserts, according to customers’ orders or supervisors’ instructions, following
approved procedures.

Company Name City , State Accounts Receivable 10/2003 to 08/2005

Locate and notify customers of delinquent accounts by mail, telephone, or personal visits to solicit payment.

Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze informtion.

Check figures, postings, and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, and proper codes.

Receive, record, and bank cash, checks, and vouchers.

Comply with federal, state, and company policies, procedures, and regulations.

Code documents according to company procedures.

Match order fons with invoices, and record the necessary information.

Perform general office duties such as filing, answering telephones, and handling routine correspondence.

Prepare bank deposits by compiling data from cashiers, verifying and balancing receipts, and sending cash, checks, or other forms of
Feu Pre ao Mesth am

Cakuhte, prepare, and issue bills, invoices, account statements, and other financial statements according to established procedures.
