(OsIcy

Summary

Ihave been in the restaurant business for 25+ years. A I have worked long term (8+ years) for quite a few establishments, | ama hardworking
chef, with a passion for food. I have years of experience with every position in the back of the house. Preparing soups, sauces, breaking down fish,
rele eee Hine ea eee DA nO em MRCS CELA CLL Gm

schivor anes

08/2015 to Current

Chef Company Name 14 City , State Line chefin high volun restaurant, A Able to cook and plate up to 90+ lunches unassisted on a daily basis.
01/2015 to 08/2015

Chef Company Name 14 City , State Helped friends out during a quiet time by cooking on the line at this seasonal country club.

04/2004 to 01/2015

OO roa Aen inal at LOIN mee a

© Managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline
when necessary.

Prepared all foods including soups & sauces.

Strong commitment to quality, service and cost control.

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning and cooking,

Delo erccbrentomoeenus (neds Boem oa oe Ob pucckmcn en beri neRaicen amcsiiconiat ote

Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering,

Planned lunch, dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house.

Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

05/1995 to 03/2004
Chef’Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Managed all inventory, cost control, sanitation, menu development, training and recruitment.
Prepared all soups and sauces.

Butchering skills utilized.

Ordered all food and beverage for on premise.

Scheduled all back of house staff

Led shifis while personally preparing and executing food ites for diners.

Accepted all deliveries to the kitchen and front of the house.

Able to keep up with multiple tasks in this face paced environment.

Knowledge of Health and Safety regulations required by the state of Vermont.

brairestbeny

High Schoo! Diplomm Brentwood High School 4 City , State
als

- Safe handling ofall commercial food service equipment

- Abke to follow recipes, instructions and guidelines

- Meticulously attentive to quality and detail ofall food preparations
- Familiar with POS data entry

- Abie to cakulate food cost

- Familiar with all aspects of the back of the house

- Experienced with broiling, braising, sautA©, grilling and baking

- Able to multitask ina fast paced environment

ae ern cane tecongunticm radia sccm te Wr Me rertgte
- Abke to keep to budget conceming labor and food cost
