LINE CHEF/EXPEDITER
Summary

Chef with 12 years of experience cooking in high pace restaurant environments. Prior work as prep cook, line chef and sous chef Energetic
culinary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. Works well as a dynamic leader in high-pressure
Ra ini

Highlights
* Focused and disciplined * Focus on portion and cost control
© High volume production capability — ¢ Inventory mamgement familiarity
© Well-tuned palette Cee ciiinubs€(Draics) (einem sauestiel ))
schivor anes

Line CheffExpediter 04/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

© Led shifis while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.

© Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.

Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

© Changed and sanitized all cutting boards, benches and surfaces when beginning a new task to avoid cross-contamination.

© Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service level.

© Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

Kitchen Manager 09/2012 to 03/2013 Company Name City , State

© Maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees.
Instructed new staffin proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.

Line Chef07/2010 to 05/2012 Company Nanr City , State

© Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.
* Maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees.

Line Chef07/2007 to 04/2010 Company Nanv City , State

* Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

¢ Reduced food costs by 2% percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste.
© Maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends.

* Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.

Line Chef04/2008 to 12/2008 Company Nanr City , State

* Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

© Reduced food costs by 10% percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste.

© Managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline
when necessary.

Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.

Maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees.

Delo erccbrentomoeenus (neds Boem oa oe Ob pucckmcn en beri neRaicen amcsiiconiat ote

Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas.
Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times.

Line Chef03/2005 to 12/2007 Company Nanv City , State

Led shifis while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.

Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.

Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

© Changed and sanitized all cutting boards, benches and surfaces when beginning a new task to avoid cross-contamination.

© Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service level.

© Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

Line Chef/Dishwasher 11/2000 to 02/2007 Company Name City , State

* Verona restaurant 1821 Hickory ave.

seicla om

line chef, dishwasher.

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.
Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.
