EXECUTIVE CHEF

Professional Summary

Energetic culmary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. Works well as a dynamic leader in high-
pressure settings.A A career that includes everything from small fast casual to high end dining and catering.

Skills
(Sli rvanbrenige) ammeceteem ycccaniclcent Ae 5
. ~_ Excellent communicator
Knowledgeable in Heart Healthy Cooking ese
Safe and Healthy work atmospher aa
Motivational
IXCOY
Serv-Safe Certified (Cee ai tibey
eter Rn ree Team buidder and Self-motivated
Passionate about cooking sisal Budgeting, i pipaieid lambada A
Ae Proficient in MS Office including Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and Outlook.
beyasitce me Dhlieluareg A
Implements effective systems
Work History

Executive Chef, 03/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Accountable for every aspect ofall Food and Beverage budgets.

© Responsible for ordering all chim, ghss, silverware, and all smalhvares.

¢ Responsibk for all kitchen traning including recipe use, grill, sautA@, fry, steam, garde manger, knife handling, equipment use, and Safety
and Sanitation (Serv-Safe Certified).

Monitored all ordering of food, constant developing of vendor relations, quality control on all food products, managed systems including
daily check lists, cooler/freezer logs, HACCP logs, schedules, and weekly safety meetings with initial and continual employee training,
Nearly all food produced in house to include pastries, bread, salad dressings, etc.

Pee Dato orcs rrentomoeenius trod Boecme auton Ob pucckmcaenbenineRabcKeniamcsiicniat ote

© Managed kitchen staff of six by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing
discipline when necessary.

Food Production Coordinator , 02/2013 to 03/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Minimized expenses by utilizing production logs, correct patient counts, and well-trained staff

¢ Helped to redesign current cafeteria line and menu to include customer based concepts and ideas.

© Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

© Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.

© Maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees.

© Instructed new staffin proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.

Executive Chef, 08/2009 to 09/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Manage all food production facilities to include a fine dining restaurant, bar and grill, banquets and conference kitchen, deli/coffee/pasty
shop, family dining facility, beverage carts (food aspect only), and two concessions outlets on two golf courses.

Accountable for every aspect ofall Food and Beverage budgets.

Responsible for ordering all china, glass, silverware, and all smalhvares.

Manage a staff of up to 40ppl including an executive sous-chef, 2 sous chefs, extems and hourly staff

eves ce Usp craktcnnieed cat eiies ea malcomurll Ree AGM Nm eln Mec csrrnacee ence sind igemae nor onalcomelns Bsr Cah
and Sanitation (Serv-Safe Certified).

Monitored all ordering of food, constant developing of vendor relations, quality control on all food products, managed systems including
daily check lists, cooler/freezer logs, HACCP logs, schedules, and weekly safety meetings with initial and continual employee training,
Nearly all food produced in house to include pastries, salad dressings, stocks, etc.

as well as breaking down steaks from primal cuts and whole fish and seafood.

Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service level.

Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas.

Executive Chef & General Manager of Food Venues , 12/2005 to 07/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Manage 11 facilities ranging ffom fine dining, to deli/cofiée shop and a commissary/varehouse as well as banquets (mainly weddings
(approximately 35 + every summer) and events ranging in size from 25 to 600 pp) to include writing, developing, costing, and implementing
menus.

Accountable for every aspect ofall Food and Beverage budgets.

Accountable for ordering all china, glassware, silver, small wares, and kitchen equipment (and orchestrating its installation).

Manage a staffofover 100ppl including a unit executive chef sous chefs, up to 17 managers, extems and hourly staf

Responsibk for all kitchen traning including recipe use, grill, sautA®, fry, steam, garde manger, knife handling, equipment use, and Safety
