Rie] S2eisicig
Summary

Current General Manager of Jersey Mike's in Boca Park. I strive to make every business I'm employed by succeed beyond expectations. Since
eee ACU MMC Lee Om OB re nlcM OL ncb ba tesetics) eo cere

Bartender with more than 4 years experience ina nightclub bar setting, Driven to provide guests with exceptional service and genuine hospitality.

Tmako a talented Sous chef7 ofthe 11 years of cooking, Started at the beginning of college, at the bottomas a dishwasher. Quickly moved up
ranks until I was managing my own lunches, my own staff members under me, and enjoyed since. Successfill at consistently delivering the highest
quality food and service. I go the extra mile for any employer I work for.

Highlights
- ServSafe certified
SM VAN Eerste
¢ -Business development
Se Dee Berieloen eric ee eee
- Knife skills At PG daanulsniceiics
e - Stafdevelopment / training
- Operations Management
Accomplishments

© Business Development: Successfully grew current business by increasing sales of Jersey Mike's over 30% since becoming the General
Manager 14 months ago.

© 3rd place - 2013 NC Fire on the Rock - Team Canyons Cross-state competition of chefs/sous' from different restaurants ona cook off
containing secret North Carolina local ingredients. We had 8 hours to compkte a 4 course meal enough for 150 guests. This was a great
personal experience.

© [have worked fulltime since I was 14.5 years old. Throughout college, I worked 40 hours weekly in the kitchen not including the 20 hours
average per week I would also bartend. I aman extremely hard worker and will get any job done. Working for world renown Executive
Chef really inspired me to become as focused and determined as lam

schivor anes
Sous chef 06/2012 to 08/2013 Company Nanr City , State

* Carried out responsibilities of opening daily, preparing soup de jours (daily/bidaily), prepared unique lunch specials as well as overseen
Oerlveice ekaiineB eee yin hast cuncce

Worked under Julius Kalman who was recently the Executive Chef of the Crown Plaza in San Antonio.

SPANO ICCB UUOH CE Caen Aenieecuannul ccd wee Om nel iy uae 21m

SSickeon nae lee Pisces ub a ldcare

I worked for this employer for a period of 4 years while in college ako. I'm loyal to my employers and they all understand my hard work
ethic; I've never been fired in my life and I take pride in that.

Worked a 2 month notice both times of employment with this location.

Reason for keaving was because I was moving to Las Vegas, NV.

Sous chef, Bartender 01/2010 to 03/2012 Company Name City , State

© Worked 40 hours weekly in the kitchen as well as 20 hours weekly behind the bar.

¢ Ensured daily activites were being upheld, had responsiblity over staff, food special, etc.

© I worked the bar on busy nights and occasional day shifis on weekends.

© This was the most popular college bar in town with Thursday-Sunday being very busy. Noisy, busy, high-paced environment in which I
excel in.

© T absolutely loved it! Reason for leaving was I was moving to Melbourne, Australia!

Kitchen, Bartender 05/2006 to 12/2009 Company Name City , State

© Best Sports Bar in town with everything from wing night, trivia night, dart league competition, college night, and private parties.
* Best experience of my college as networking goes, becoming more social as I started bartending here. I enjoyed every second of it.
