SENIOR BANQUET CHEF

Professional Summary

Dynamic Executive Chef with a broad spectrum of international experience in all facets of the hotel and restaurant operation, and an established
track record in Food &Beverage Management & extensive knowledge in food & beverage management and culinary arts. Trained and educated
in Europe with expert knowledge of Traditional French, Italian and American cuisines. A passionate Leader with a vision for outstanding customer
service and teamachieverrent, and driven by the financial and operational success of the organization.

als
© Business operations expertise * Natural leader
© Inventory contro! and record keeping © Service-oriented

© Trained in performance and wage reviews «Strong work ethic

Work History
Neorugscneta@ radix UC eurennens
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© The W-Atlanta Midtown is a flag-ship property with 466 modem luxury guest rooms, 4 outlets including a farm to the table restaurant
concept, 24-hour room service operation and full service luxury spa.

Leader in charge of the entire Banquet and Garde Manger kitchen operations with over 40.000 sq.

feet of banquet and meeting space, 3 kitchens, and a skyline wedding venue.

Manage and direct a team of 8 cooks, 5 banquet attendants, 2 stewarding supervisors and 8 stewards.

Successfilly managed the conversion of the Jean Georges Spice Market, intoTrace Restaurant concept.

Direct and coordinate all administrative duties and purchasing for the Culmary Department.

Increased the GSI (guest satisfaction index) to a solid 4.67 ratio for the Banquet/Catering department.

Custom created all menus and directed themed events for top ranking accounts and clientele.

Improved food cost from 26% to a YTD foodcost of 24.1% by effectively managing production and accurately conducting purchasing
methods and applying cost saving procedures.

Strongly improved in house food production, and improving bor productivity below budget.

Achieved a 97.6 point Steritech food safety score, and a 98 point score for the county health departrent.

Executive Chef04/2012 to 02/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© The Emory Conference Center Hotel has 325 luxury guest rooms, 5 outlets cluding, a 250 seat restaurant, Club Lounge, room service,
bowling lanes & Pub, and the Houston Mill House wedding venue.

Directly Responsibk: for all culimary and banquets operations with over 40,000 sq.

feet of meeting space.

Leading and managing a team of 30 employees including a supervisory/managerrent team of 5 peopk.

All financials for a growing property grossing 8-10 million in revenue from the Food & Beverage Departent.

rm

food costing, forecasting & flow-through for Revenue, labor, expenses, purchasing, etc).

Created and maintained impeccable food preparation, visual aesthetic, and quality standards in all areas of the operation.

Obtained excellent Unifocus scores for guest satisfaction ranging from 90-96% overall,

Participated and contributed as a major decision maker for the F&B department in the ongoing improverment process and culinary program.
Training & Development with direct F&B Management Training team

Achieved food cost and labor cost under budget and maintained excellent health inspection scores.

Executive Sous Chef08/2010 to 042012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© The Loews Atlanta hotel has 414 hiuxury suites, a 120 seat Southem themed restaurant & bar, and spa.
¢ Directly responsible for managing and overseeing multiple outlets including a 120 seat restaurant, 24 hour room service, and over 37,000

cen

feet of meeting space including an 11,000 sq foot ballroom

35 employees including a supervisory/managerment team of 5 peopk.

Successfilly coordinated and managed all banquet and catering functions, financials and administrate duties for a high volume property
grossing 12-14 million from the Food & Beverage Department.

Effectively hired, trained and developed a high performance culinary and stewarding team while maintaining all Loews Brand Standards and
improved operating procedures.

© Maintained and improved all budgetary guidelines and increased guest satisfaction to number | in the Loews Corporation for the Culinary
Pecoaicununa

Achieved outstanding health inspection scores throughout the year, and obtained an excellent employee survey record for the Culinary
Pecoaicununa

Executive Sous Chef/Interim Head Chef 10/2007 to 08/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© The Intercontinental Hotel features 422 hocurv guest rooms. a 24-hour restaurant concent and roomservice. a hear club lounee and
