BISTRO CHEF
[Osheue Oona ang

A result-oriented client's service professional with over 28 Years of experience in client relations. Encompasses the ability to establish and build
positive relationships with clients and all level of coworker, or management buiking strong relations through effective communications.

Core Strengths
© Customer and Client relations A
© Bookkeeping and Accounting : ai

© Inventory contro! an
Aenea eee ¢ Strong oral Communications

Accomplishments

© Certified to go above and beyond, and providing quality and outstanding customer service.
© Customer recognition for outstanding and consistent customer support.
© Selected to kam new computer programs, and then train others.

Aug oanan at acs
Bistro Chef 01/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Responsibilities include taking customer orders, addressing customer inquires, opening and closing of establishment, preparing food,
inventory control, problem solving, and cash register operation.

Customer Service Rep 01/2011 to 01/2013 Company Name City , State

© Responded to customer inquiries at a fast pace call center.

* Maintained records, processing payments to include set up of payment arrangerrents.

CP COO CU eNe Aone AMuekeenl ati linee OCTCMME Rete ec restneulceteuraeliennan
© Reported outages in affected areas and re-hid information to customers.

Kitchen Manager 01/2010 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for customer orders as well as customer inquiries, opening and closing of establishment, Maintaining records and placing
inventory orders.

© Food handling, preparation, safety and storage.

© Filling Onlme, fax orders, and processing of promotional complementary orders.

DSP 01/2009 to 01/2010 Company Nanr City , State

© Responsible for working with Mentally and Physically disabled people, ina home based setting,
* Duties are as follows: Assisting individuals with their daily needs, administering of medications, maintaining staff logs, and reports, scheduling
Dr. appointrents for patient care, and safeguarded consumers well-being,

Store Manager 01/2008 to 01/2009 Company Name City , State

© Daily procedures included opening and closing of establishment.

© Preparing reports for corporate HQ, updated and maintained file records, ordered supplies, handled customers phone inquiries ina timely
iaiiboy

© Processed loans through verifying customers credit report with the utmost regard to their privacy.

© This included pking calls to payroll and H.R. departments to verify employment, bankruptcy reports, and bank account information.

© To include accountable for large sus of monies, blank checks, handled anmored car pick-ups, and deposited fimds into bank accounts.

Internal Auditor 01/2004 to 01/2008 Company Nan City , State

© Maintained and updated records on a daily basis, recalculated figures and insured that formulas were entered correctly.
© Audited all Electronic Activity entered by Pre-Bill, URT and Start Up department inputted into the (RBMS) Retail Business Management
System for management verification.

Customer Service Representative 01/2000 to 01/2002 Company Name City , State

© Assisting customer inquiries in fast pace enviroment.

© Maintained records by entering or tracing orders in progress.

CP COO IHU UNRC Rate cee Dem Cue ce Lem sane Las Ran eeineaiine rome Zn eke lca ce

* Conducted training of newly hired employees, operating of register for customer checkout, conducted inventory control which included
pulling and processing of orders, pricing of items, and stocking the store shelves.

Specialist(Customer Service Representative 01/1997 to 01/2000 Company Narre City , State
