(OsIcy
Summary

Customer-oriented fast food worker with deep experience with POS systems, food preparation and safety regulations. I am highly efficient at
preparing food orders quickly while greeting all customers and managing the cash register accurately. Adaptable warehouse picker with extensive
experience in material handling, inspections and shipping and receiving. Focused on continual process improverrent and cost reduction. I amalso
familiar with all aspects of logistics, shipping and receiving and general warehouse operations.

Highlights

Fast leamer Friendly Communication Skills Computer Skills Customer Service Skills Leadership Skills Organizational Skills Research and
Planning Skills Interpersonal Skills Safety-oriented Neat, clean and professional appearance Comfortable standing for long time periods Shipping
and receiving skills Reliable and punctual

Accomplishments

Obtaining Raises at previous Jobs and working in different departments within the company. Obtained my high school diplomm. Attending and
compkting various college courses.

schivor anes
(OsIcy
Deven scwA RE ORG rica aQen ena Nt cee ON mmcIr (a

Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner. Resolved guest comphints promptly and professionally. Served orders to customers at
windows, counters and tables. Cut and chopped food items and cooked ona grill or in fryers. Packaged memu iterrs into bags or trays and placed
drink orders into carriers. Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep- fat fryers and griddles. Accurately measured ingredients
required for specific food items. Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking. Carefully maintained sanitation,
health and safety standards in all work areas. Frequently washed and sanitized hands, food areas and food preparation tools. Maintained a neat,
well groomed appearance including impeccable personal hygiene, hair restraint and minimal jewelry that met company standards. Followed all
established restaurant practices and procedures. Worked well with teammates and openly invited coaching from the management team Took
initiative to find extra tasks when scheduled duties were completed. Quickly unloaded product shipments and stocked freezers.

Warehouse Picker/Stocker
April 2015 to August 2015 Company Name - City, State

Cam Wolinohncdmleat loka eee eke Rce poe tes

* Selected products for specific routes according to pick sheets.
© Supervised material flow, storage and global order fulfillment.
© Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.

On eraneag
March 2013 to December 2013 Company Name - City , State

Dairy Queen - Gainesville, Florida.

I've done everything ftom opening the store with one other co worker at 8 am in the moming to closing the store at 11 pm
Ble eatan mnie

I've ako worked several double shifis throughout my time there.

WiZouercrudmcetorenlhmecinamemlinecereg

fate muc ay cen act g

Daily ckaning duties

brairestbeny
Associate of Science : Medical Coder and Billng , 2015 Santa Fe College - City , State , United States of America

Medical Coder and Billing. Health Information Management. 3.7 GPA. Eaming my certification.

High Schoo! Diplomm : General , 2011 Buchholz High School - City , State , Alachua

Obtained my High school diplorm in 2011.

als

Warehouse worker, Cashier, Line Cook, Closing, Communication Skill, Interpersonal Skills, Customer Service Skil, Leadership Skils,
