MATERIAL LOGISTICS SPECIALIST

Career Overview

Vacancy Identification Number (VIN: 1192501) Chims Assistant (Intake Specialist), GS05/07. Over 10 years of Administration and Logistics
Specialist experience. Comprehensive knowledge and hands-on experience in all aspects of supply: shipping/receiving customer service and safety
Mia eEM SHAR Hed aiZete Ne ease obec CeOO CMT aee Dash ICON OTN acc sib SuChin tones oncr emis ncaa
Created and presented administrative documents using Microsoft Power point, Excel and Word.

Professional Experience

Material Logistics Specialist

April 2000 to Current

© Anrrican Airlines S: Phil Simpson Hanger 1, 21st Street P: 972.425.3350 May contact DFW Int'l Aiport, Texas 75261 40 hrs/wv,
RESUS SP b ce Ceseeisle Bm ean Os ce Sten nme PURGE RUT Ene SMCS eles bee cerieg oT Cmec leer eres he
hee bem

Experience in inventory, records keeping, and machinery equipment operations.

Stores a wide variety of tools, jigs, fixtures, equipment and materials and issues them upon request to authorized personnel; upon receipt of
replacement items or retum of issued items, checks against appropriate requisition form for discrepancies by such operations as counting
items, examining items visually and manually for defects or wear.

© Corrects routine errors in forms and refers others to supervisor; bins items in serviceable condition, sort's non-serviceable items into salvage
Orcas

Bins according to their condition; makes minor repairs.

Maintains inventory within established specifications and in serviceable condition by following the appropriate procedure to exchange a
broken tool, to request repairs, or to requisition additional supplies; reports overdue items and shortages to supervisor.

Sao en RAS ane cane) g
June 1999 to April2000 Company Name

© 33rd Street P: 972.574.0612 May contact Dallas, Texas 75261 40 hrs/wv, $50,000/yr Duties: Responsible for all aspects of airport catering
fictions, to include assisting in the selection and professional development of new management and non-management employees.

© Develop and coordinate all work schedules for approximately one hundred (100) employee work groups and directed work through three
Duty Managers.

¢ Monitors the accuracy of delivery ofall scheduled flight meals.

FOP eee celts
March 1998 to June 1999 Company Name

© 4901 Village Creek Road P: 817.561.3050 May contact Fort Worth, Texas 76119 40 hrs/w, $55,000/yr Duties: Responsible for the
courteous and efficient pick-up and delivery of customer mail and packages.

Maintain ina friendly, efficient and reliable manner with all custorrers.

Develop proper use of the hand-held scanning/package tracking devices.

Stet el Rats nem eater coral imem np gcel Sey ac a leceaa nicl

Manage and react to day-to-day operational requirements in a professional and timely manner.

Establish goals and achieve departirental results, holding selfand others accountable for those results.

Business Administrator
July 1978 to September 1998 Company Name

CSE ALANS URN UU AU

© Coordinated daily administrative activities and directly supervised 10 to 15 clerical personnel Trained and evaluated the job performance of
all personnel assigned within this department Established work standards, assigned and scheduled workflow, delegated work to subordinate
managers and supervisors, and reviewed work completion Conducted monthly individual and group counseling session with involuntary and
resistant clients Provided client counseling evaluations to upper management Trained employees on software programs: Word Perfect,
Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and Sabre System

Education and Training

Certificate of Achieverrent - Business Administration, CTU, Santa Ana, CA 08/10 Certificate of Achieverrent - Operations Management, CTU,
REN aw Or eels

Bachelor of Science : Business Administration , 3 2014 Califomia Coast University i% City , State Business Administration

High Schoo! Diplo : | 1 Lake Providence High School i City , State

Personal Information

Oc MOCM Carne ura cincom dv. m LULZ)

als

administrative, Business Administration, clerical, CA, counseling, client, clients, delivery, forms, inventory, machinery, materials, Excel, exchange,
mil, Power Point, Microsoft Word, Monitors, Operations Management, personnel, pick, receiving, recording, repairs, Sabre, scanning, shipping,
supervisor, warehousing, Word Perféct, workflow

PXcGreoeslPiloeraben

CO oon MOSM aorlice glacaL Com WRU
