EXECUTIVE CHEF

Professional Summary

Energetic culmary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. Works well as a dynamic leader in high-
fel veccT eeva (ae

als

© Strong attention to safe food handling procedures * Beautifil presentation of food

* Chefat The Cork Tree , awarded best restaurant in West Ways NC evaineN , erie aL
* Enployed at Bing Crosby's , featured in A Desert Sum MagazineA “Chefs Suprise" colum een a a
earn ¢ Food presentation talent
Work History
Executive Chef05/2012 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

CMA aaLAlLceeecicccaneliel

© Modem California and Mediterranean Cuisine.

© Managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline
when necessary.

Delo erccbrentomoeenus (neds Boem oa oe Ob pucckmcn en beri neRaicen amcsiiconiat ote

Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering,

Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service level.

Reduced food costs by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste.

Head Chef01/2011 to 05/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Was head chef for this fine dining steakhouse, helped designed kitchen, created all menus, hired all kitchen staff set up all accounts for the
pea bans

© Did all meat and fish portioning, mde all sauces, worked the grill and line at service.

© Planned dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house special events and catering.

RYO re deePAUCORCRUNEPI OE
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© website: www.smoketreeranch.com (American Cuisine).
© Daily menu charge of entrees and appetizer, banquet’s up to 500 ppl.

© Prep and serve all lunch and dinner iterrs.

CMB Ue vay ime ecMes ere oes hao b aes

© 150 to 300 covers per day.

* Led shifis while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.
© Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.
Executive Chef 01/2006 to 01/2010

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© High volume fine dining restaurant, team leader, training of kitchen and wait staff for all new menu items and daily specials.
* Incharge of Menu development, budgeting, voice tracking, ordering, food and labor cost, scheduling, banquets.

© 6.5 Million in yearly sales.

© Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.

« Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goak.

ChefOwner 01/2005 to 01/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© European and Mediterranean Cuisine).
© Owner ofa 45-seat restaurant, responsibilities included: Front of House Managerrent, all beverage ordering, banking, menu development,
set up all accounts, set up all license's that where needed to run the business, Budgeting, Accounting, hiring and training ofall staff.

Executive Chef01/2002 to 01/2005
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Kaiser Grill and the Chop House Steak House.

* Worked at 2 locations Kaiser Grill in Palm Springs and The Chop House in Palm Desert.

¢ Was in charge of 2 very busy restaurants.

© Butchering ofall protein items.

* Inventory, ordering, food and bor cost, scheduling and Daily Specials 4 million in yearly sales.
