HOUSEKEEPER
Professional Summary

Dependable and trustworthy Housekeeper who works well with others and believes in working hard to satisfy each customer. Dedicated and
energetic housekeeping professional who works well in fast-paced, high-pressure environments. Reliable and responsible with a positive attitude.

Skill Highlights
* Customer-oriented © Hardworking
© Organized CR cheonteiciiirebienesuerreed
© SelFdirected * Decision making skills

Aug oanan at acs

Company Name January 2014 to Current Housekeeper

lena El CG

© General housekeeping responsibilities: kitchen, bathroom cleaning, hand dust office firniture, vacuum, mop floors, trash removal, patio
cleaning, recycling,

© Tamabte to clean and mintain this home every two weeks.

© Have always had a great commumicating relationship, flexible schedule for Sajeda.

® I believe working hard, achieving the tasks at hand, and being kind and friendly have resulted ina great relationship.

© 816-500-2786.

Company Name January 2014 to Current Housekeeper
lena El CG

© General housekeeping responsibilities: kitchen, bathroom cleaning, polish furniture, dusting,dishes, vacuum, mop floors, wash, dry, fold, put
away laundry and linens, ironing, make beds, organizing, cabinet cleaning, refrigerator, oven ckaning, recycling. empty trash bins.

¢ Each task Stephanie has asked of me I was able to complete within the time needed.

© Asa result of hard work and thorough cleaning, I have eamed Stephanie's trust and confidence to clean and care for her home each week.

CEnYAykICRUt)

Company Name October 2013 to Current Housekeeper
lena El CG

© General housekeeping responsibilities: kitchen, bathroom cleaning, hand dust office firniture, change lines, making beds, wash,dry
fold.laundry, vacuum, mop floors, patio cleaning

* oven, reffigerator cleaning, recycling, dishes, ironing, pet clean up. I enjoy pleasing customers with my attentiveness to their needs, the
Schwarz family looks forward to me caring for and maintaining their home.

CD Cok i coeY Let)

Company Name April 2012 to Current Housekeeper/Caregiver
lena El CG

General Housekeeping responsibilities: kitchen, bathroom cleaning, vacuum, mop floors, changing linens, make bed, wash,dry,fold, put away
laundry, polish furniture, empty trash bins., pet clean up, organize. Other responsibilities are drive to appointrents, run errands, grocery shopping.
With the dedication I have given to Ms. Saff, she has the ability to rely on me to meet her needs.

561-266-3238

Company Name April 2012 to Current Housekeeper
lena El CG

© I work in many private homes.

CR eer ol LCR CIRM OPO er OM Ln ecugnarcictenl id oictraaictineGeecicce

© Inmmost hommes I do the general housekeeping duties such as kitchen, bathroom cleaning, dusting, vacuum, mop floors, window washing,
PE(boke ecteemarr eS mtcci i elicy

Other responsibilities include linen changing, make beds, undry wash, dry, fold, put away, ironing, organize, reffigerator, oven cleaning,
dishes, recycling, pet clean up.

Many of my customers live in Boca Raton, Delray Beach, Boynton Beach.

PoP enero rence UN anu mch cam Cire rrek cnet bile ics

After several months of caring for my clients homes I have won their trust in me to ensure their satisfiction ina well maintained hone.
Asa result of this relationship they have allowed me to bring another great cleaner into this business.

They are pleased and gratefull for the hard work we give to them and refer us to their friends and neighbors.

My goal is to care and clean the customers home to their satisfaction as well as my own, I believe I meet that goal daily.

Company Name May 2013 to Current Housekeeper
lena El CG
