LEAD CHEF & FOOD TRUCK MANAGER

Summary

At the Culinary Institute of America, I was taught and mentored by an expert team of world renowned chef and professors with outstanding
industry and education credentials. I gained extensive exposure and experience through the advanced culinary curriculum that is only offered at
CIA. My education went beyond memorizing and executing foods, cooking techniques and recipes - I kamed how to analyze foods, how to adapt
them, and most important ... how to get creative with them I am well trained in both classic and contemporary culmary methods and techniques
and developed a strong understanding of how to prepare a wide variety of global cuisines, as well as, wine & beer pairing.

PMU CUCU US ACR LA UUB TCO LOeets sree aL eee deus tree Ole oM (Hlbaeos i eOLos cles rests)
Learning the true practice of sourcing local ingredients into the restaurant known as fannrto-table cooking, I gained extensive hands-on experience
in CIA professional kitchens and bakeshops, and in their award-winning student-stafléd restaurants (including the American Bounty Restaurant,
and Ristorante Caterina de’ Medici, St. Andrews Restaurant). I gained both back-of-the-house and front-of-the-house experience under the
guidance of the expert faculty and through a 5 month extemship at Walt Disney Work!'s 3rd signature premier restaurant “Artist Point" in Orlando,
Florida at the Wiklemess Lodge in Magic Kingdom Additionally, I gained solid professional experience at Cattail Creek Country club in
Maryland, running the private catering businesses.

Highlights
Cb yectcotmincice since © Sense ofurgency
° sd volume production raed Per tenon
CR Reion serine conte) f
eens © ServSafe certified
Accomplishments
© Recipient of 2011 Glenelg High Schoo! Principal's Award for Exemplary Achievements (Only 13 graduates out ofa chss of 300 received
this distinction).
Pe Crbiecemeel crc ae uM rrenircnm CcHiliwecleGrecclinn wR Oyu eu emi Lom Cee es inci hiblte
annual ProStart Competition.

Successfilly managed the culimary kitchens at the Culinary Institute Of America

Successfilly worked my way up quickly through all stations at the Artist Point Resort in Walt Disney World, serving 300-700 covers each
night with a cohesive team

ecco gerrerc Renee rca Ree okentnesiniestng kone oksence

schivor anes

05/2015 to Current

PEG ea ees ME ecto Guns sola lich E OS ame El CG

Helped make a concept become a reality and currently working to become a brand.A

Working under a talented former French Laundry Executive Chef, and a team of passionate individuals.A
10/2012 to 02/2013

Executive Chef Company Name i City , State

© Worked multiple stations (including pantry, fish, middle sauce and grill).

* Made significant contributions to assist kitchen to successfully serve thousands of dining guests during the busy 2012 Thanksgiving &
(Or ecursce soln haccscelte

© Gained invaluable experience is a fine dining, high production kitchen (average 200-300 covers normally, 500-700 during holidays, 40+
hours/wk) Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goals.

© Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health standards.

© Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.

Cae gone uccBincremnenl(cniieicnL ce

SAU UR @tacans
Chef, Owner Company Nan 14 City , State

© Chef Aaron LeRoi Hodge - Various Locations From Maryland to New York to California (www.ChefAaronLeRoi.com) - specializes in
Healthy Cuisine and Personal Fit Meals.

CMe gcse ba IB res Rod dime mentees acre el tcRh ys cont SAT toe

© Rotating healthy weekly menu choices; fresh local ingredients; focused on catering real, naturally ingredients, that can improve health and
promote good eating habits.

© Full Personal Chef Services w/ a wide variety of meals from 10 - 50 guests

05/2010 to 02/2012
Culinary Apprentice under Executive Chef Company Name iM City , State

© Food preparation, cooking, carving, grilling, food plating and serving for buffets.
* 30 hours/week Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.

¢ Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health standards.
© Displayed enthusiasm and knowledge about the restaurant's menu and products.
