SUBSTITUTE PARA PROFESSIONAL
Stn erata
A Professional with managerment experience and exceptional peopk skills. Versed in Relationship A Management and Human Resource
Managerent. Desires a challenging role as an Administrator a busy and productive environment.
Highlights

Cem Oarliorpisiscasnasd © Proficiency in Human Resource Management

* Excel in process development and implementation «Relationship management

© Reports generation and analysis © Fik/records maintenance

Ci teliinetne eC esenaeg © Event planning and scheduling

© Project management ¢ Microsoft Office

Accomplishments

© Named Enployee of the Year at PLP Composite Technologies Inc. for performance above and beyond in executing dedication, problem
resolution, communication and relationship management during a business crisis.

© Recognized in monthly Pampered Chef publication as consultant nationally achieving third highest sales for a single show.

schivor anes
Substitute Para Professional Current Company Name City , State

BESS RCo OL Late gto bee balay A Guide students in reading, writing, math, science and nL aEAN ovree yum enstsllt
groups and one on one.A Present in the classroom to partner with teacher in presenting and reviewing Iessons.A_ Accompany students in
Rirtcsie on eA ORO Los Patacee access

Founder / Creative Director 03/2005 to Current Company Name City , State

© Onsite event photography and private photo sessions. Coordimte and shoot photographs for sports leagues. Create custom slideshow
productions using various forms of video and print media, still photos, and music. Create custom video presentations using client's existing
video footage. Personally consult with client to obtain background and detail on a production's subject to create an accurate and personal
EON AMIDe tea eece Oem Ores ee i Rotecth ere ciunice ui Rel gel aie MaDe Debts anreri@risecatncetne Rvehaiiclecd
campaigns. Photographically document school classes and teams for duration of school year and season, respectively and prepare
slideshow production keepsake.

Project Manager 05/2010 to 02/2014 Company Name City , State

© Create project plans for new clients. Coordinate the journey of clients through the compliance process. Primarily responsible for maintaining
clint relationships. Specifically focused on supporting clients with all their questions and requirements regarding investrrent adviser
compliance, investrent adviser registration and Decl adviser obligations under SEC regulations. Track and interact with Investment
Advisory professional designation organizations.A Sales opportunity tracking , proposal and contract preparation, A prepare and send
materials at monthly, quarterly and annual intervals. Track replies and submissions to identify appropriate registrations or trigger for new
tasks. Respond to client inquiries and perform follow up. Manage Annual Renewals and Account User Certification programs as required.
Create agendas and participate in weekly Project Review.A Meetings Communicate with state securities divisions on registration
Rentia eee ur OLTecs cine coonee hearer ean hiiecd eucince en curircmw cba ccrum ial mame dante awe ns
Rocca eer RN rEC MRTN roLatwY

Private Family Care 09/2009 to Current Company Name City , State
Ie d cena aaracs

© Sep 2009 - June 2010- Daily one on one infant and child care in private home setting,
Manufacturer's Representative 02/2006 to 102011 Company Name City , State

© Create and support a nationwide network of clientele. Represent national flag and flagpole manufacturers Interface with manufacturer's
nationwide. Perform Accounts Receivable and Payable fictions .Design and implement marketing and advertising campaigns. Visit
customers and installation location sites.

Kitchen Consultant 07/2003 to 05/2006 Company Name City , State

© Operated independent business conducting in home kitchen shows demonstrating products, recipes, cooking techniques and quick tips.
Attracted customers to become a host and hold a show, created and expanded a network of clientele. Prepared and executed promotional
mailings to customers and fimdraising groups and executed local advertising campaigns. Performed customer care follow-up with customers
a period of time after products are delivered.

US Business Development Manager 03/2002 to 12/2004 Company Name City , State
Customer Relations Manager / Sales Administrator 07/1995 to 02/2001 Company Name City , State
