ce, qt BS UAY EEO) OTe oy
Summary
Dynamic, resourceful and skilled Executive Head Chef with 25 years of success in fine dining, casual dining and catering,
als

© Staffdevelopment and training
Inventory contro!
ServSafe certified Operations management
Follows propers SOP's of all organizations
leelcotmincicesinad
Cross-fimetional team management
High volume production capabilityA
Wel-tuned palette
iho arson ensue
iremtRerpnrenmet eens aasrn ici
Bilingual (English/Spanish)
© Featured in The Carroll County Times

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
© Successfilly managed two kitchen staffs of 40 employees during high volume dinner services for more than 250 diners each night.

schivor anes
Executive Sous Chef Dec 2016 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Taste all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes.

Adhere to stafling needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and local labor laws.
Impkmented and support companies SOPs.

Hive ova LCemi EOC N OL Ina igre uel ne eneB melee hcOme det Knonke res rar cams ieesl ee
Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.
Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct temperature ofall food production.

Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct temperature ofall food products

Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.

Moe cen in Lelcmccl om vor] hadlsees nom nea enineg cucnmrigeiacbivem iste ete cose

Executive Chef Jan 2012 to Dec 2016
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Reduced food costs by 2% by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved supplicrs.

Systematically tasted and sirelied all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and gamishes.

Expertly estinnted staffing needs and adjusted hourly scheduks in accordance with demand pattems, budget and local labor laws.
i) otrenctetnsmihoenccmuele sca nied ecHeCSeceucitce

Hive ova LCemi EOC N OL Ina igre uel ne eneB melee hcOme det Knonke res rar cams ieesl ee
Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.
Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct temperature ofall food products.

Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly gamered diners’ praise.

Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs, and budgetary considerations.

Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.

Developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals.

Moe cen in Lelcmccl om vor] hadlsees nom nea enineg cucnmrigeiacbivem iste ete cose

Consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly.

Correctly and safely operated all kitchen equipment in accordance with set guidelines.

7 cee eauiba let i niclsuclelr key neccdronnto lari wetiiacalrena ccly ciel

Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest
Rance

© Built and fostered a team environment Expert in final plate preparation with authentic presentation.

Executive Chef Apr 2005
Company Name i City , State

© Reduced food costs by 2% percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.
* Expertly estinnted staffing needs and adjusted hourly scheduks in accordance with demand pattems, budget and local labor laws.
