EXECUTIVE CHEF

Rian cista

T bring with me culinary creativity, strong leadership foundation and hard work. I have over twenty years experience in many fascists of the
restaurant business that I bring with me. I would be an asset to anyones team I'ma very skilled and resourcefill chef that kads by exampk.
Experience

col Ol

March 2012 to April 2015 Company Name i City , State

ou Ui alate yee Asa B ince nl eR Lona e eC CMO procera una meoist crite ioe

Interviewed and hired all back of the house employees Systematically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture
Ble BestS bem

iL are Cuen EOS UR OLE a yucaeeaies (ue R og ecine ccm ane RC Mea nek ce rt Ratna ear ete
PR olb corals aroalaaed inom ne bes van enapliarnuce rosa cm

Displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members.

PCS om Ie aaraeesuen

Expertly estinnted staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand pattems and budget.

ON aera uee el Enea ounug nude Kocontor msi bane sustenance Renan nicl

Executive Chef
Janvary 2011 to February 2012 Company Nanr ¥% City , State

PS leme Roe icnlacmeslene yun aca neo Menenaes ees m irene
Se yoy ccRen rnc GO anes amsax lon elec aber e ore

Displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members, and club members Systermatically tasted and
smelked all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and gamishes.

Collaborated closely with the Food and Beverage Director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues.
ee ogre c EEO aa GSCI p eu snes (od Oates hocmen sc Ronee ne Brran aameia nee ote

Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team.

[OO rece PareBuoa umn emiicoced belated vei cckye yim

ATIC Dooce Ee R pet gcaLaa tle mie cucocircmnlieauare Moire oe

lON Re acelctu ro Aenea micseeissle ibe

Pekan 4
October 2009 to January 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

Station worked responsible for ticket times and coordinating the flow of the food as well as the grill and broiler.

Cutting whole fiesh fish, and trimming filet's Set up and performed initial prep work for food iterrs such as soups, sauces and salads.
Prepared for each shift by placing a clean cutting board and utensil bath at workstation.

Correctly and safely operated all kitchen equipment in accordance with set guidelines.

Assisted with production of food for banquets, catered events.

Ritrere iad
January 2010 to October 2010 Company Name i% City , State

Worked all of stations in the kitchen and trained all new hires.

Recreate the chefspecial.

Systematically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and gamishes.

Collaborated closely with the Chefand or GM to conduct staffmeetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues.
Impknented and supported company initiatives and programs.

earl cee RCO haa Scab te sied (ode omens hocmen schon cen ran coment nee orem
Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.
Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team.

Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.

Prepared for each shift by placing a clean cutting board and utensil bath at workstation.

Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

entovae
February 2007 to September 2009 Company Name i City , State

Pr cen uO Uc en nmi eng our Soke NAS Ow Gor cmoonsml eae rayncci teen saa nd
CAT goteres a omagenicaraciiegty eB eae nd

eae ouake oumn kl Lanna etree onlin aelan eri riesel cm

Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature ofall food products.

Hore reb nue nuen kona mee aeclinmd Os oMiee eorent cers ROT ase il

OO Stag oieenikocconbel brreoaicnaaoutn\mutno meena sme

Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.

Prepared for each shift by placing a clean cutting board and utensil bath at workstation.
