HEAD CHEF
Summary
Chef Energetic culinary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. Works well as a dynamic leader in
high-pressure settings. Expert in managing kitchen staffand preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste. Beautifil
presentation of food Institutional and batch cooking Strong attention to safe food handling procedures Extensive catering background.
BS ania}
, pce oie work as pakette
© High volume production capability : Ree rill
* Focus on portion and cost control

schivor anes

AU Cher @ravans

Head Chef Company Nanv 1% City , State Identify opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental
productivity without compromising guest satisfaction. Regularly develop new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs, and
budgetary considerations. Consistently produce exceptional menu items that regularly gamered diners' praise. Ensure smooth kitchen operation by
overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving. Follow proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature ofall food
feaerelacn

05/2006 to 01/2016

Executive Chef/Director Company Name i City , State

© Working chefin charge of food costing and liquor.

Oto minme eG et bdcieriiere canner heme O Ngee ilelce

planning for 110 person restaurant plus on-site pavilion hosting banquets and weddings for up to 275 guests - plated, or 325 guests - buffet.
Ako provide service for gazebo snack bar and directly in charge of training all kitchen staffand front of the house staff on site.
Frequently coordinate multiple parties in various locations of the premises at overlapping times.

Working closely with ownership on lowering cost and increasing profit.

Training for front of the house waitstaffand bar on up selling,

Responsible for 35 weddings and 60 other on site food related events a year.

Delo erccbrentomoeenus (neds Boem oa oe Ob pucckmcn en beri neRaicen amcsiiconiat ote

Instructed new staffin proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.
Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering,

Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service level.

Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.

[reese Som Ce ez0 lt)
Sous Chef Company Narre 1% City , State

© Working chefin charge of labor and food cost projections, menu design, traning, promotional ideas, recipe design, ordering, quality control
and portion contro! for 120 person restaurant.

© Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.

Instructed new staffin proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.

© Positively engaged with customers, offering menu information, providing suggestions and showing genuine appreciation for their business.

PLU e2PA0tE)
era Acoma NCD ALONG

* Incharge of bor and sales projections, food costing, administration, inventory and ordering.

Xo tiediLekuen ashe sa hues MUL aieLeccccala

Helped manage quality control and actively participates in corporate wide meetings to enhance the productivity of the restaurant.
Enhanced and maintained the central standardized recipe and ingredient repository, including nutritional and cost information.
Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas.
© Ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work.

PLAC RPL)
Executive Chef Company Name i City , State

© Incharge of bor and sales projections, food costing, administration, scheduling, inventory and ordering.
© Took on line responsibilities (working chef) when necessary and managed quality control

® Included planningand execution of special events and banquets up to 500 people in-house.

© Ensured all staffunderstood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work.

Instructed new staffin proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.

brairestbeny
March, 2002
Associate of Arts : Culinary Florida Culinary Institute i City , State Culinary Arts with honors.
