CHEF ASSISTANT

Core Qualifications

MS Word (advance), MS Excel (intermediate), PowerPoint (intermediate), Mac OS

Education and Training

May 2017

Bachelor of Science : Hospitality and Tourism Management Uni versity of Massachusetts 4 City , State Hospitality and Tourism Management
CRE RIB Decl eRe Eca pet aty

Aug oanan at acs

09/2016 to Current

Chef Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

Ensure cleanliness of kitchen work stations and operate dish washing machinery.

Assist chef in preparation and plating of meals for hmch and dinner services of up to 75 guests.

Asrange the banquet area according to expected guest flow and type of event.

Welcome customers and monitor flow between front and back-of-the-house operations.

Manage team of 10-15 students and delegate preparation tasks to ensure a smooth luncl/dinner service Cape Cod B aseball League
peso nean ly raw

Public Relations Intern: Bourne Braves May- September (14’ and 15').

Managed social media presence on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook for the Bourne Braves - Created "Player Spotlights”.
Administered primary source of team fimding- overseeing donation collections and raffle programs.

Coordinated volunteers for CCBL AllStar Game to maximize merchandise sales and food and beverage output for approximately 10,000
Biarelocm

05/2016 to 01/2017
Property Operations Intern Company Name i City , State

Inspect apartment homes on the market to assess whether company standards are being met, and communicate issues to the maintenance
team, including follow up.

Conduct weekly audits of parking, storage, and guest logs for a community with 407 apartrents.

Dispky an extremely high level of customer service handling daily resident concems, service requests, questions etc.

Independently organized resident events and maintained their budgets and marketing.

Created the first ever "Puppy Pow Wow’ for 52 resident dogs we had on property, which included contacting community businesses and
reat ynorse eee lect tm

¢ Also worked extensively with Roche Brothers for the catering ofa 600 person end-of-summer cook out.

05/2012 to 01/2016
Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

© Contributed to Wrenthants store being placed first in the district for sales associate credit card enrollments.

Certifications

CVENT Certified, TIPS Certified.

pinay

OCETeTreUl oCemesticrcb grasp R Che PbS bore ures cant Tom ins nema nisecareckir dt
professional events (March of Dimes "March for Babies", "Zumbathon" for Wounded Warrior Project, PopTab Fundraising for Ronakl McDonald
House) A: Reinforce my professional skills through training and development opportunities, grow through various keadership platforms, and
Porn Cn Lone Nisan ates om rr Sel iLO cre Peo RO clam OM icone Mcocen ines Ny kenccsB asl ar nied
board as the Facilities Director- monitoring the flow of the event floor and company satisfaction. Handled all company requests on the day of the
event A- Collaborated with the Career Day committee to fimdraise and market Career Day. This included weekly organizational meetings Eta
Sigma Delta Honor Society Fall 2015-Present A- Selected to the only premier International Hospitality Management Honor Society (Chapter of
Distinction 2015) A- Serves as a means of umiting outstanding students for carpus activities, fimdraisers, and volunt cer progrars ("Not Bread
FA romeo acancs))

Skills

budgets, credit, customer service, Inspect, MA, machinery, Mac OS, marketing, market, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Word, Public Relations,
sakes, type

Additional Information

* HONORS AND ACTIVITIES Delta Sign Pi (Professional B usiness Fraternity) March 2015-Present A: Participate in recruiting,
fimdraising, community service and professional events (March of Dimes “March for Babies", "Zurmbathon" for Wounded Warrior Project,
PopTab Fundraising for Ronald McDonakl House)A- Reinforce my professional skills through training and development opportunities, grow
through various kadership platforms, and contribute to the community through service work HTM Career Day Board October 2015-
Present A- Served on the HTM Career Day planning board as the Facilities Director- monitoring the flow of the event floor and company
satisfaction. Handled all company requests on the day of the event A- Collaborated with the Career Day committee to fimdraise and market
Career Day. This included weekly organizational meetings Eta Sigrm Delta Honor Society Fall 2015-Present A- Selected to the only
premier International Hospitality Management Honor Society (Chapter of Distinction 2015) A- Serves as a means of uniting outstanding
students for campus activities, findraisers, and vohmt eer programs (‘Not Bread Alone" Soup kitchen)
