EXECUTIVE CHEF
Summary
Motivated professional with exceptional skills as both chefand manager. Over ten years of experience in the restaurant industry. Exceptional
keadership and interpersonal skills. Proven ability to succeed ina high-pressure, challenging environment while maintaining a calm demeanor.
Expertise ina variety of different cuisines and cooking techniques.
Highlights
PRB Zeetisriebatnemcrniieclh onl
© Sous vide technique
© Staff Training and Development
© Menu DevelopmentA

Cee calor ened
* Ordering & Receiving
¢ Labor & Food Cost Control

schivor anes
04/2014 to 08/2016
Executive Chef Company Name i City , State

PEN cate els Rocker ckeoomenbaccs nuns nbn m It kur cee

© Impkmented new cooking techniques and organizational protocols to lower food and labor cost.

© Managed daily kitchen operations; identified and provided solutions for any problem areas.

Ce Dato ecb ataruilob ir ccr ec reRiUEU Lc CkLCniS@rantctIti lita eimai Mandi riety iLeoma om

USP PACING)
Oa CcronlWUGnstam Aen aN ay OINmeSIE(G

© Developed food and beverage menu for a new fast-casual restaurant.

PMO roneWnneiichen nn onrrncttelisaeo eee

© Handkd all hiring, training, scheduling and payroll.

¢ Provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen font.

CU SPAU UR R10) 6
Chefde Cuisine Company Name 1% City , State

© Worked with executive chefto develop and execute a daily-changing menu ina fine-dining establishment.

© Tasted and smelied all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and gamishes.A

Initiated and maintained relationships with local farmers and ranchers to bring guests the highest quality ingredients while maintaining
Te ese Oe Case N ane meee

brairestbeny

2003

Bachelor of Arts : International Development with a minor in Spanish and Anthropology University of Oregon i City , State , United States
als

[Kerrier aeRO aliog

Well-tuned Palate

Communication

Fluent in Spanish

Team Building

Food Science

Software: Shopkeep, Excel, Caterease
