FOOD SERVER
Professional Summary

Hardworking professional with a history of exceeding expectations and delivering quantifiable results. Known for boosting company morale by
fostering interdepartmental communication.

als
Cash handling, Professional and friendly, Carefill and active listener, Data Entry.

Education and Training
May 1982
McEachem HS City, State High School Diplom : Business

Business

Community Service Volunteer, Girl Scouts 2012-2013
Aug oanan at acs

August 2013

to

May 2015

Company Name City , State Food Server

© Monitor food distribution, ensuring that meals are delivered to the correct recipients and that guidelines, such as those for special diets, are
Fle ec

Clean or sterilize dishes, kitchen utensils, equipment, or facilities.

Served over 300 students daily.

Load trays with accessories such as eating utensils, napkins, or condirents.

Stock service stations with items such as ice, napkins, or straws.

Remove trays and stack dishes for retum to kitchen after meals are finished.

Prepare food items, such as sandwiches, salads

Food preparation or serving techniques to ensure that proper procedures are followed.

FNULNU

to

May 2011

Company Name City , State Subsitute Pre K Teacher

© Order or obtain materials needed for classes.
© Provide extra assistance to students with special needs, such as non-English speaking students or those with physical and mental
Cra libe
* Tutor and assist children individually or in smmull groups to help them master assignments and to reinforce kaming concepts presented by
feala bad
DriPicemrelnctisl Legere LL coHILe be ccRLea iii Uaie canon
Discuss assigned duties with classroom teachers to coordinate instructional efforts.
Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment and materials to prevent injuries and damage.
Maintain computers in classrooms and laboratories and assist students with hardware and software use.

October 1985

to

Febnury 1999

Company Name City , State Loan Processor

SreveorniRede es ce Lod Miss nea irae Lee

Compare previously prepared bank statements with canceled checks and reconcile discrepancies.

Match statements with batches of canceled checks by account numbers.

Load machines with statements, cancelled checks, or envelopes to prepare staterrents for distribution to customers or stuff envelopes by
rats

Fix minor probkrvs, such as equipment jams, and notify repair personnel of major equipment probkns.

Establish and nnintain relationships with individual or business customers or provide assistance with probkevs these customers my
reunion

Examine, evaluate, or process loan applications.

Evaluate financial reporting systems, accounting or collection procedures, or investment activities and make recommendations for changes to
procedures, operating systems, budgets, or other financial control fimctions.

Certifications
Serv Safe Certification
