ACCOUNT DIRECTOR

RStreratag

Dedicated professional with experience necessary in food and beverage for excellent guest service. Seeking to deliver great service and great food
while maintaining the financial responsibility and core standards of any operation.

Highlights
© Certified Executive Chef Ce Nurent@niniaprarice yon nag
© Certification in Nutrition PE Gorirel enh wb win oriccne acai pcee cd

¢ Certified in Human Resource Managerent and Supervision «Graduate of the Culinary Academy of South Dakota

Experience
Company Name City , State Account Director 06/2013 to Current

¢ Responsible for entire food service operation and maintaining good Client relations for the company.

© Duties include as Account Director, Meeting and exceeding budgetary requirements for the company whik meeting clients’ needs out lined
in contracted agreement.

CRB Ghinrcbaniegca ia beh RSSH em aun tce

© Responsibk for all Employee HR management at a unit evel

Assist in Company district with Training other management team members in budgetary compliance and proper ordering procedures to

ISU Pr iMT LLP ee niece accra atm

Assist and support area with catering fimetions as needed.

Company Name City,, State Executive Chef 09/2012 to 05/2013

Pe cons som bvusamencricent i damitsuvede bs cveriues Bice embeicanboiinenaconitl ung

¢ Primarily responsible for all production, including off site catering including venues up to several hundreds of guests.

© Supervised a team of 32, and ensure all employees mintained sanitation guidelines to ensure efficient, safe, and sanitary food production,
Figen ben mestnes ycecon cel enm

CEP cH oh pale e kis oi craenateameenie mi bsiachmred cuoceeeetie pis) occmiiin nominee mele Berane Lol
management to include hiring, counseling, coaching and developing,

Company Name City , State Executive Sous Chef'05/2010 to 09/2012

¢ Assisted with all culinary operations under the Executive Chefat the largest hospital in the Memphis area.

© Primarily responsible for all production for CafA© and Patient Service.also a high volume Doctors lounge.

© Supervise a team of 20, and ensure all employees adhere to all HACCP and Jot Commission sanitation guidelines to ensure efficient, safe,
Ere Rcniining oe nese hon m castes von merneB el vecerniel etm

© Duties also include assisting with menu development, inventory, ordering and purchasing, food cost control projects, training, sanitation, and
personnel managerrent to include hiring, counseling, coaching and developing,

Company Name City , State Sous Chef 09/2007 to 05/2010

¢ Assisted with all hospital catering and menu development and implementation.

¢ Assisted in training all cooks while insuring all employees adhere to all HACCP and Joint Commission sanitation guidelines to ensure
Cie a Mecs ME Rcnntamoeeb one atom vossiicet ery epeuecan item

© Duties also include assisting with menu development, inventory, ordering and purchasing, food cost controk, training, and sanitation.

LOU n NaN HOES Cee Lene TAANH

¢ Preparation ofall menu items ina fine dining restaurant and convention center located near the Cascade Mountains.

¢ Assisted in the fabrication and creation ofall lunch and dinner entreesas well as assisting the chef for all catered fictions in the banquet hall.
© Responsible for the creation ofall homemade soups as well as executed weekly menu changes.

¢ Participated in weekly leaming sessions with executive chef to expand knowledge of local farm to table cuisine, including wine pairing,

Company Name City , State Line Chef 01/2005

CO oracr i ecceb oLamomesh ae aribeny

CMe egies mn onerancca crea Cleaner cb nraliin et yncds1 cs

¢ Prepped all necessary items for dinner and late night menus.

¢ Trained all new employees on each station for proper service performance.

© Executed all menu items for lunch and dinner as well as maintained overall sanitation of service line.

Company Name City , State Line Chef 01/2004

CPCS im iburne mesons
© Demonstrated all cooking methods in a Fine dinning Model.
¢ Fluent in sanitation and kitchen safety.
