KITCHEN UTILITY WORKER/EVENING WEEKEND CHEF
Professional Summary

Fast-learning recent CNA graduate , fast-paced, enthusiastic about working ina hospital , adult furrily home, and/or retirement home. I have 4+
years experience taking care of mentally ill, dementia, Alzheimer, schizophrenic, hospice and end of life care patients. I focus a lot on patient care
and needs to nmke sure my client is comfortable at all times.

I Rance)
Fundanentals of Caregiving
First Aid and CPR
Dementia Training
Mental health Trainng
Ninna gehen
ON OB cata
Skill Highlights
© Understands mobility assistance needs
(Olrstatiezen acti
ABivsloraripecsiy mites] y ceuae|icecy
Trained in grooming and bathing assistance
Documentation procedures expert

Trained in catheter change and preparation
Quick problem solver

Patient positioning understanding
Chart preparation/filing aptness

Body mechanics competency
AlphabeticaVnurrrical filing mastery
Adept in oxygen machine maintenance
I ewehnupkcisinleacky ress) ita
Enthusiastic caregiver

General housekeeping ability

Professional Experience

April2012

to

January 2013

Company Name City , State Kitchen Utility Worker/Evening weekend chef

© Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets. Maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked
enviromrent.Participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas.Promoted personal and co-worker
altuna

January 2013

to

April 2013

Company Name City , State Caregiver/PCA

* Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager. Read and recorded temperature, pulse and
respiration. Collected urine and fecal samples. Support duties for diagnostic and technical treatment procedures, such as setting up and
operating special medical equipment and apparatus. Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients. Cleaned and
organized patients' living quarters. Performed household tasks such as hundry, dusting, washing dishes and vacuuming, Facilitated games
and other activities to engage clients. Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure probkervs. Assisted with transferring
residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment. Kept facility stocked with necessary supplies, equipment and instruments.
Tended to patients with chronic illnesses. Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating
percentages, and daily inputs and outputs. Recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in patients' health status to nursing stafi
Documented resident records on daily flow sheets. Assisted with ADLs. Provided patients and families with emotional support. Exhibited
compassionate care and commumication with regard to issues of death and dying. Comforted patients and provided them with reassurance
and encouragement. Promoted personal and co-worker safety.

April 2013

to

feTsvang

On ANE LO aE eCROdiiociiag

Maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked environment. Participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related
areas. Promoted continuity of care by accurately and completely communicating to other caregivers the status of patients for which care is

provided. Sensitive to the needs of geriatric patients. Exhibited compassionate care and communication with regard to issues of death and dying,
Provided patients and families with emotional support. Assisted with ADLs. Documented resident records on daily flow sheets. Recognized and
reported abnormalities and/or changes in patients’ health status to nursing staf— Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes,
