EXECUTIVE CHEF
Executive Profile

More than twenty years of progressively responsible experience as a dynamik, resourceful and skilled Executive Chef with a proven success
record in both fine dining and catering. Associate of Occupational Studies in Culinary Arts ftom The Culinary Institute of America. Supervised a
staffof 40 to prepare as many as 5,000 meals per day. Highly organized; initiated and coordinated all pastry production for four restaurants and a
catering company. Very professional; experienced in developing new food concepts and applications

Skill Highlights
© Mult-operation hospitality management « Special dietary needs expert
© High degree of drive and determimation ¢ Adaptable
© Proven kadership skills * Staff development talent

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Directed the operation and organization of kitchens and all food-related activities, including the presentation and serving of food.Created and
explored new cuisines. Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Carol Deptolla's Top 30 Restaurants of 2011.

Professional Experience
Executive Chef 11/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

CE Sice pre cee eel ice Re i ie ee ech ied bailar Cutie Raa, CRO aBtisinCallteeelb eli etc)
and business volume,

¢ Ensure the correct preparation and presentation ofa consistent level for all food items prepared through production and demonstration.

¢ Fullaccountability and responsbility for all CafA@yKitchen operational finctions. Additional roles in Ordering, Receiving, Inventory and
Loss Prevention.

¢ Developed Scratch Pastry Program to produce and distribute from Bristlecones's kitchen to sister clubs.

Premium Club Chef 01/2014 to 11/2014 Company Name City , State

¢ Directly responsible for food and labor costs, menu development, recipe creation and standardization of recipe production to ensure
OOS ana

* Promote positive public relations with guests.

© Oversaw three fine dining kitchen operations and all aspects of food production to ensure high quality food standards are met ona daily
ye

© Change menus daily for two outlets and pastry menu for each home stand.

© Responsible for all non-game day catered events and some game day events.

© Extensive travel to other DNC venues to aid in support in playofis and championship games for baseball and football.

Executive Pastry Chef 03/2013 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

© Ensure brand quality, consistency and adherence to standards.

* Developed sratch menu and implement new items for game stands.

¢ Ensure that all pastries are consistently prepared and served according to the restaurants’, outlets’, and banquet facility portioning, and
Renee eINeClieG

* Extensive travel to other DNC venues to aid in support in playofis and championship games for baseball and football.

Executive Pastry Chef 06/2012 to 03/2013 Company Name City , State

* Ordered and controlled inventory.

© Developed scratch menu and implement daily speciak.

© Introduced new and modified existing recipes.

© Responsible for all pastry and savory baked goods food costing,

Executive Chef 10/2009 to 09/2011 Company Name City , State

© Inthis organic vegetarian restaurant I have created seasonal menus with a heavy emphasis on vegan, gluten-free and living food items.
Responsible for all pastry production for in- house and retail sale.

Develop own methods and recipes to create tasty vegetarian/vegan cuisine.

Supervised and evaluated staff, implemented budgets, fore casted trends and negotiated prices with vendors.

Developed and held monthly cooking chsses for the public.

Executive Chef09/2001 to 09/2003 Company Name City , State

© Created all menus, oversaw all savory and sweet food production and kitchen staf ordered and controlled food inventory.
© Trained all kitchen staffand adhered to company budgets.
¢ Developed and held cooking, baking and candy making classes for the public.
