ROOM CHEF

Summary

Motivated, personable professional with broad range of food and beverage experience, as well as experience with some of the world's eading
hotel management companies in customer service and guest relations. Very quick leamer and great when performing alone or witha team Flexibk
and versatile, very organized, and eager to anticipate challenges at a higher level.

bs hranianie
* Scheduling proficiencyStandard operating procedures
¢ Probkmresolution
© Deadline-oriented
Pam peacereyi@@rtind
¢ Spreadsheet development
ci or
© Sous vide technique , caked ee
© Contemporary sauce work ens eee
¢ Food handkrs card a eae nes
Ci yucicodrineice sina ara een tr
Bae ceva rae secede ae enn ee
ates pake sd Pi cnes ana ivaun ets
Focus onportionand cost control rer
See O Oe cit SS a Aeerant
Mesa cuneg
CMS iaviaicsialinceneeona earn’
© Data management
© POS systems
© Scheduling
Accomplishments

Nominated/Awarded Group Leader at The Culinary Institute of America

schivor anes
ot elno ms
May 2014 to Septerber 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

* Responsible for the daily operations of kitchens for both casual dining restaurant and fine dining steakhouse, as well as management of the
steakhouse front of house operations.

© Experience inches scheduling, payroll, and overall management of 20+ employees, training and development, creating seasonal menus,
inventories, purchasing and receiving and assisting in the organization and delegation for large fimctions and special events.

¢ Through costing and menu changes, reduced food cost percentage in both restaurants by 10%.

© Slashed the time required to conduct monthly inventories for all food and beverage outkts by completely redesigning the structure and
organization of inventory sheets and data input sheets.

Line Cook
July 2012 to May 2014 Company Name if City , State

¢ Responsibk for both pantry/garde manger and sautAO stations, assisted in daily prep and production ofall menu iterrs, as well as
preparation and execution of high-volume functions.

* Worked witha smu, tight-knit team and a constantly changing menu (rotated monthly), which allowed for more freedom of creativity and
sel MPU mE Lee Re Cave) Over Ln tm

® Multiple ideas for popular nightly specials were added to the permanent monthly menus.

Room Dining Server
July 2011 to July 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

Delivered meal to guest rooms, providing full tableside service to guests for all meal periods.

© Set tables per order, assisted in plating and presentation; assisted guests with all requests pertaining to food and beverage as well as other
peta keCoainunanherremlerasi lec

CEP ACOS I RA Ca Lome RSM eHICeice IS reson alee Oeste nl Cem

© Performed departrental tasks such as conducting monthly inventories, daily requisitions, and participation in a regimented daily cleaning and

organization schedule.

Deals ee rey chen ileces heures Oem a Oul mg oCoa en te dem Mba morc Craw iEurctoMm Laced acllesl cted

wine for In Room Dining by 20%.

Patisserie Attendant / In Room Dining Order Taker
January 2010 to July 2011 Company Name 14 City , State

* Patisserie - Responsible for all daily business operations including arranging and serving freshly-mmade desserts and pastries, coffee and
