SENIOR EXECUTIVE CHEF
Summary

Utilize my extensive experience in the food service industry and to contribute my skills and knowledge in a management position with an industry
kader.

schivor anes
Senior Executive Chef
REI gal CARO Tara aoe clan ti cht A OLN mEClT| Ce

© Manage and provide leadership and culimary training to 23 direct reports Worked under budgeted costs through efléctive menu planning
Received gold scores in sanitation, safety and compliance audits Demonstrated hands-on keadership skills in training and staff development
Impkmented branded foods marketing program for retail Introduced the use of sustainable products, local produce and farmers markets
Created special per diem menus for conference center increasing catering sale.

Executive Corporate Chef
RE SAU ROR A PaGe i lian cli cel ON mECT(e

© Colkborated with Corporate RD/RN in creating and implementing upscale guest dining roomand room service menus.

© Led culinary team in the implementation and support of corporate strategies in the opening of new properties and special events.
© Developed workphce safety and sanitation training schedule for culinary associates and dining room servers.

© Received Top percentile in silver chair training and state health department audits.

Executive Chef/ Event Consultant
REAR wAd eGQee clan ci cele NmECT(e

¢ Laison to the Chicago Board of Realtors in consulting and planning of special events Planned private parties and fimdraisers for various
government organizations and dignitaries Created catering menus targeting specific lifestyle demographics Hired, trained and counseled
culinary and server staff of 25 Initiated program with vendors on wine tastings and culmary workshops.

cor Oe Ae YE
January 1995 to January 2003 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Managed cafA© and conference center with staff of 12 culinary associates.

© Worked with editors and publishers of various magazines for the foodservice and hospitality industry.
* Test Kitchen for culinary content in R&I mngazine.

CEO reeke Mi cgacciei ae ebs ec aaetiorom Nl iaLe sim

xe Orage Cooney nates
January 1993 to January 1995 Company Name ¥% City , State

© Managed Chicago style food court, utilizing local vendors (Vienna Beef, Connie's Pizaa, Diana's Bananas, Poppies Dough, etc).
* Catered fimctions and special events for NBC, it's affiliates and buikding tenants.

© Appeared regularly on "Coffee Cam! with NBC moming news

© Opened lobby Kiosk with grab and go concept and barrista station increasing outside sales.

Executive Sous Chef/ Production Manager
January 1988 to January 1993 Company Name ¥% City , State

* Performed all essential duties as lead chef in the executive dining rooms and conference center.
© Monitored Q & A of both ingredients and finished products.
© Led culinary team in the opening of new cafeteria food court with varied ethnic theme cuisine concept stations.

Education

Associate of Arts : Culinary Arts , 1985 Washbume TradeSchool i City , State , United States
Culinary Institute of America Hyde Park i City , State , United States

Associate of Arts Illinois Benedictine University i City , State , United States

COMP auicke Pater key Leet /R Ol Samal

als

compliance audits, concept, consulting, content, special events, fame, government, leadership, leadership skills, marketing, outside saks, retail,
safety, seminars, servers, staff development, workshops
