MANAGER/PIZZA CHEF
Summary

Expert in managing kitchen staffand preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste.A

Skilled Pizza Chef with exceptional knowledge of baking times, methods, temperatures and flavors. Understands proper fiction and maintenance
ofall pizaa utensils and equipment.

Pizza ChefA possessing an innate skill in creating exceptional menu items. Leads productive working environments.

Motivated Pizza ChefA A offering over 30A years experience in the food industry. Focused on high standards for taste and quality, while
mmintaining profitable margins. Superior communication and leadership skills.

Flexibke personA who excels ina fast-paced environment looking for a position with growth opportunities,

Outgoing andA familiar with cash and food handling procedures, Possesses strong commaumication and time management skills.

Meticulous andA excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. Broad industry experience.

irNoearaas Err w rycen mane nrrd econ eUemvdCerc nem eects alice

Highlights
* Quick problemsolver
© Thrives in fast-paced environment
CMe Gerrniecnectebe shag
* Courteous, professional demeanor

* Able to work in continuously-standing position
© Prefer to work nights and weekends
* Assunvs 100% responsibility for quality of products

schivor anes
Mamager/Pizaa chef 01/1989 14 04/2007 Company Name City , State

© Made gournet Pizza, neapolitan pizaa, pan pizza, sicilian stromboli, calzone, insideout pizza, bolibuns, garlic knots, Helped with fryer and
grill when needed.

Inventoried and restocked items throughout day.

Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goab.
Routinely cleaned work areas, glassware and silverware throughout each shift.

Skillfilly promoted items on beverage lists and restaurant specials.

Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goab.
Inventoried and restocked items throughout day.

Verified cash drawer against the day's receipts.

Restocked, refilled condiments, organized pantry area and swept and mopped floors.
Assertively upsold beverages, appetizers and desserts.

PC Ce Ree Ue LOR RLS chia mec) cm

Operated all kitchen equipment adeptly.

Stocked and maintained cleanliness of stations.

Cashier 05/2008 i 02/2013 Company Name City , State

Cashier, hogies and steaks.* Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.

Skillfilly promoted ites.

Routinely supported other areas of the restaurant as requested, including answering telephones and completing financial transactions for
ives

Demonstrated genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with guests.

Mee uocBinonemnen cniieianL oe

Verified cash drawer against the day's receipts.
