Etoy eatin ea 1) 3]
Summary

Motivating Chef competent in keeping kitchen staff on task and handling high-volume work. Knowledgeable about sourcing ingredients,
mmintaining budgets and maximizing customer satisfaction. Works with General Manager to analyze food costs and forecast business trends to
nuke menu recommendations to meet company goals.

Sail
© Portion and cost contro! A corte ee ts
° Las © Verbal and written communication
° ink aac neue © Dish preparation
© Food preparation techniques . ue
ae eee © Cleaning and sanitizng methods
schivor anes

Company Name | City , State Chef 11/2020 - Current

Cleaned, sanitized and maintained food storage, preparation and serving areas.

Instructed cooks and other workers in preparation, cooking, gamishing and presentation of food

Monitored quality, presentation and quantities of plated food across line.

Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.

Monitored kitchen area and staffto maintain overall safety and establish proper food handling techniques.
Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depkted.

Impkmented surface and equipment schedules and standards to maintain clean, neat and sanitized kitchen.
Checked stock deliveries for safety, quality and quantity.

Inspected freezers and reffigerators prior to each shift to check temperature levels and verify proper fimctionality.
Collborated with department staff to prepare food items in accordance with recipes and established standards.
Supervised preparation of specialty items and customer requests to verify accuracy in production.

Oversaw hiring, training and development of kitchen employees.

Assigned specific duties to employees to maintain productive operation of kitchen and food service.

Talked to patrons about dietary issues and food allergies to prepare meals meeting individual needs.

Managed kitchen staff team and assigned various stages of food production.

Reduced food costs by estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.

Supervised cooks and kitchen staff, providing direction in preparing specialty items and ethnic cuisine.

Company Name | City , State Sous Chef03/2017 - 11/2020

Maintained highest food quality standards regarding food inventory procedures, food storage and rotation.
Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.

Assisted head chef with scheduling, training and professional development for team.

Supervised all kitchen food preparation in demanding, high-volure environment.

Performed as head chef'as needed to maintain team productivity and restaurant quality.

Conducted daily Ime checks, food reviews and taste tests to make improvements and correct deficiencies.
Plated food according to restaurant artistic guidelines to promote attractive presentation.

Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depkted.

Helped staffadhere to tough restaurant requirements through practical discipline and motivation.

Directed staff'in restaurant kitchen and field to maintain department objectives, standards, guidelines and budget.
Oversaw kitchen employee scheduling to meet all coverage needs and avoid wasted labor.

Maximized customer satisfaction and team operations by executing command-based structure and staff performance oversight.
Assisted with interviewing, hiring and training kitchen personnel.

Conducted frequent line checks to keep food at proper temperatures in holding zones.

Hae CALS Om OsICen eee naomi Lancniae lui beccce

Streamlined kitchen processes to shorten wait times and serve additional guests.

Managed shift of 25-30 staff, including cooks, bakers, dishwashers and front of house team members.

Liaised with vendors to purchase optimal recipe ingredients at cost-effective rates.

Liaised closely with kitchen and other departments, including front-oF house personnel.

Improved performance of team members resulting in high-quality meals produced daily.

Company Name | City , State Anthonys @ Point Defiance 06/2013 - 07/2016

© Operated fryers and grills according to instructions to maintain safety and food quality.

Sanitized food preparation areas, grills and equipment to avoid cross-contamination from raw items.

I Copano eo oesioa cate tuemcetC mem ceeOMrieunL Zeke lecle ot ZiNg

Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct food temperature for high scores on health inspections.
Restocked food items throughout shift to prepare necessary ingredients for cooking and timely service.

Maintained hygienic kitchen by regularly mopping, disinfecting workspace and washing all utensils and glassware.
