LECTURER, CHEF INSTRUCTOR, RESEARCHER, AND RECRUITER
J Use fexoial axes

A goak-driven food service manager, dietitian, and culinary professional specializing in quick paced, high-volume operations, team buikding, and
systems improvement eager to offer 15+ years experience towards maximizing productivity and profitability.

Highlights
De So eo ma oncom nati aruin eee ty
© 6 years dynamic LLUH training and employment © Excellent communicator
© Multi-unit manager 2,000-20,000 daily meals CRP meer anomaly
* National and international director to 100 employees and 500+ independent contractors © Recipe modification specialist
© Zero-based budget management

PF Xeco ie iipancy

¢ Experienced Operations Director : Executive management of 500 national and international sales agent, grew portfolio from start up to
PA b enim enececceate tines

Experienced food service manager: CBS Studios multi-unit, single-unit manager for Marriott concepts (including Bob's Big Boy and
Allkey's Restaurants), and Burger King,

Participation Driven: Grew participation at CBS Studios by expanding audience services, increasing ready-made, and redesigned
customer flow to increase speed of service.

Compliance Committed: Provided menu compliance and policies for all food allergies at CHOC Hospital and Casa Colina Hospital and
drew upon best practices, as well as emerging evidence.

© Recipe Modification Specialist: Established compliant menus and recipes for kidney patients at Kaiser Hospital to include culturally
Breage Leice

Farner Focused: Connected the Cal Poly harvest through Taste of the Farm Store by providing student opportunities for nutritional
education and cooking demonstrations. Supported locally grown by incorporating Rialto farmer Adams Acres to Rialto Unified School
District

Dedicated Professional; Regularly attend conferences to include Chikdhood Obesity Conference, Califomia Dietetics Conference, Foods
and Nutrition Conference & Expo, and Experirental Biology.

Professional Memberships : The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, Califomia Dietetics Association, Infand District Dietetic
Association, School Nutrition Services Dietetic Practice Group and School Nutrition Association

NUsefecteral Pomc and
OAV RE @racaig
Lecturer, Chef Instructor, Researcher, and Recruiter Company Name i City , State

© Created sustainable clinical nutrition resources for patient care.

Provided engaging lectures integrating nutrition and foods eaming the highest peer evaluation.

¢ Integrated Affordable Health Care Act clinical impacts and resources throughout kecture series.
© Provided dynamic cooking shows for LLUH audiences of 20-500 compliant to protocol

LZ PAL Otis cand
Professor Biology and Nutrition Department Company Name 4 City , State

PROC Sbd CORR m Lo anenanibnr sy alleen anulke cesT panayrr yest ce

¢ Tailored unique classroom activities to enhance comprehension, and participation, as well as foster communication.

¢ Created fluid and engaging classroom instruction centered around cutting-edge presentations authored to support the assigned textbook,
current evidence-based practices, and guidelines.

USP OR OR Otis van
Nutrition/Chef Consultant Company Name 1% State

Claremont USD :

© Crafted signature recipes from the edible gardens and presented the recipes at the open house to the press, parents, and children.
© Provided nutritional instruction to the teachers grades 6-12 to support the wellness policies.
¢ Authored nutrition services newsletter distributed campus wide.

Rialto USD:

Selected to teach K-12 teachers project-based keaming over a 3 year continuum for the fields of nutrition, foods, and health,
Integrated leading edge science and technology, such as crowd mapping, windshield survey, and farm to table.

Resulted in five unique lesson plans and above average reviews.

Collaborating with the City of Rialto, Healthy Rialto, and RUSD staff to bring GIS mapping to the district for mutual benefit.

Fontana USD:
