CO-OWNER/MANAGER/ CHEF

Professional Summary

Thank you in advance for allowing me to respond to this amazing opportunity. Creative, motivated and relationship-oriented individual who enjoys
empowering others to reach personal and business goals. Works well in an environment that emphasizes creativity, autonomy, and decision-
making, Possesses the ability to organize, plan and execute ideas from conception to compktion. Utilizes a unique blend of strengths fromartistic
to communicative to fulfill any position, powerfilly. Organizations Communities for All Ages - a nor-profit, Weed & Seed initiative that provides
intergencrational strategies for community buikling. Resulting in expanded social networks, increased civic engagement and kadership among
multiple generations. This organization allowed for me to eam the art ofalliance buikding. We chose those alliances that possessed strong
kadership practices. I ama part ofa mentorship program through this organization. Proactive media and communications professional with
[Number] years in internal and external communications, social media, blogging and editorial media relations. Strategic Marketing and
Communications Consultant with a firm grasp of comporate messaging and branding, Possesses a strong work ethic, as well as exceptional writing,
editing and research skills. Strategic Marketing and Communications Consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding, Possesses
a strong work ethic, as well as exceptional writing, editing and research skills. [Job Title] with strengths in special events and promotion planning,
Dice ani mlorscileccuiteoa ise cuore rackenic des exe MOR Uh Aare AUB ICCaonece De Reisiine Lace

Sag

Work History
Co-Owner/Manager/ Chef April 2008 to Current
(Ooi ota Ni cen Ol Nam

Managed all aspects of operation in a restaurant specializing in homemade, delicatessen and bistro cuisine.

LO ole Pl Prone b Nonny Ulata ona sval ccs ie MeCl a

ON crerP ycecbeom ince iuaariiem cee ace

Maintained healthy, working relationships with food and beverage suppliers.

Coordimted all in-house catering events.

Staffed, scheduled and trained all restaurant personnel.

Accounting: business sales tax, payroll, accounts receivable/payabk, P & L.

Maintained outstanding Coconino County Health Department and Flagstaff Fire Department approval ratings throughout entire business
Oran os

Assumed charitable sponsorships yearly for many community organizations and Flagstaff schools and Northem Arizona University.
Instructed cooking classes for private groups by appointment.

Recognized by Yelp as a top-rated Flagstaff cating destination for breakfast and hinch.

AmigosNAZ, Bilingual Magazine Featuring News - present, Northem AZ.

Arts & Entertainment: Contributing eporter The Noise, Monthly Arts & Entertainment Publication Freelance Columnist: Business Profiles.

Executive Assistant/O flice Manager April 2008 to August 2008
Company Name - City , State

Manage all office operations ina criminal law firm

Prepare and draft legal documents for Justice, Municipal and Superior Courts, opposing counsel and other specialized groups.
feeble nba blctccarceomiiaicincneen (arenes

Handle necessary scheduling for appointments, hearings, telephonic conferencing and defendant/witness interviewing,
OlyeiiemelcCorn ia Omrtne ra muerenene coe nanalereinsceey

Research case information, access public records via legal library and Intemet.

Maintain regular correspondence between Public Defenders’ Offices in Coconino and Yavapai Counties.

Release press information regarding higher profile cases.

Troubleshoot problems involving the actual mechanics of the business.

Handk and document all financial transactions: billng and receiving.

Interview potential clients through initial intake reporting.

Cr ee

Owner/ Interior Designer June 2004 to December 2007
LO otal chek Nam

e

Managed all aspects ofa Mexican Import & Antiques Galkry.

© Ordered all inventory through various suppliers located in the southwestem U.S., Mexico, Central and South America, archived artisan files,
as well as customer listings and desired inventory requests.

¢ Accounting: business sales tax, inventory, accounts receivable/payable.

Created all marketing and promotional advertising for mixed media.

Provided interior design ideas with unique imported merchandise: fimiture accessories and textiles, offered in-home consultation and design

layout.

© Assumed Charitable/Voluntary sponsorships for many Latino and community organizations.

CMO )estieoMemeonenstc here tocp a cece ee Bante m

era iltnads RO Loew ke mere rales)
Peon ert a Hiern Or NEI Iced

© Managed all aspects of operation in a restaurant specializing in homemade New Mexican cuisine.
