bce 4 SOLUS UAU CEOS Ico
Summary

Outgoing [Job Title) offering extensive knowledge of hospitality etiquette, food preparation and superior customer service.Food service
professional and culinary arts student seeking a position in an elegant fine dining establishment. Extensive knowledge of high-end ingredients and
food and wine pairings. Restaurant professional with [Number] years in FOH and BOH operations. Customer service and food handling expertise.
Skilled at memorizing menu items and orders.Organized, independent worker with strong time management skill. Detail-oriented and able to kam
new tasks quickly and effectively.Organized, independent worker with strong time management skills. Detai-oriented and able to kam new tasks
quickly and effectively. Efficient [Job Title] with strong interpersonal and coaching skill. Prior work in busy hotels and find-dinng

restaurants. Server bringing enthusiasm, dedication and an exceptional work ethic. Trained in custorer service with knowledge of [Cuisine type]
cuisine. Friendly and courteous server with five years' work ina bar and restaurant setting. Proficient knowledge of food, wine and spirits. Secking
a position in an upscale restaurant, resort or country club. High energy, outgoing hostess with a dedication to positive guest relations desires a
Position as a server or hostess in a fast-paced restaurant or bar. High volume dining, customer service and cash handling background.

Highlights

Highly responsible and reliable

Point of Sale (POS) system operation
Works well under pressure
Exceptional interpersonal skills
Extensive hospitality background
[state name] Food Handlers card
[state name] Food Handlers card
[state name] Food Handlers card
Trained in liquor, wine and food service
Food and beverage specialist
In-depth food and wine knowledge
Mathernatical aptitude

Food ingredients expert

Master of sales techniques

Food safety understanding

MS Office Suite, POS Touch, Windows 7, Outlook and Excel spreadsheets as well as the internet

Accomplishments

© Over 12 years of experience in managing food operations as an Executive Kitchen Manager / Executive Chef in High Volume Restaurants
Strong troubleshooting abilities to identify problems and implement appropriate solutions for kitchen or quality related issues Expert in
managing new restaurant openings: hire and train employees, enhance employee customer service skills, order food & equipment, oversee
Grand Opening activities and align standards with the FOH-BOH operation teams Strong time managerrent, organizational skills and multi
Taio eli

Excellent interpersonal skills; relate well with vendors, staff, management and people from diverse backgrounds Culinary Certified in food
preparation and presentation.

* Created menus featuring various cuisines including Italian, Southem, American and Mexican Cuisines.

© Outstanding leadership skills proven through eamed awards and employee relationships.

© Sound communicator with the ability to supervise, train and develop staff effectively.

schivor anes
cxout i AO cei ALIREZA Gen nani nO Nem Cl Cd

* Catering Expert specializing in special events catering for clients such as the Walt Disney Company, Universal, CBS and ABC Studios, The
Huntington Library and Gardens, Nestle USA, Wolfgang Puck and Valencia Country Club.
® Consulting Chef Food E-Commerce service: Jewel City Bowl, The Waffle, Saddle Ranch, Waffle Fusion restaurant.

Meee aD ell eGo ecinannine

© Responsible for managing culinary operations: recipe preparation and presentation, food consumption estimation, food purchase
SrcettsiboystiLed
Responsible to ensure food items are prepared according to standards of quality, consistency and time lines.
Maintain sanitation procedures and organization of work area adhering to all OSHA reguhtions.
Maintain food storage, receiving, rotating & stocking as par levels dictate.
Manage catered boardroom events, create and prepare quality culinary specials for exclusive occasions Manage both food and non-food
inventories: implement inventory control system, institute standardized product rotation system Develop daily work and production
schedules Direct BOH P&L responsibility - decreased food costs through various initiatives to meet company's budget standards Assist
GM in negotiating new contracts with beverage and equipment vendors Consistently provided high quality customer service and satisfaction
ensuring a hospitable and first-class dining experience.
¢ Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes,
ingredients and preparation methods. Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers ina timely, friendly
manner. Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.Promptly served all food courses and alcoholic
