STORE CHEF
Executive Profile
Restaurant Professional Executive Chef /Sous Chef/Chef Manager Position Proponent Leader in Healthy Cuisine and Passionate Food - Service.
Star 4 Diamond Resorts Hotels Spa Country Club Customer Service / Team Educator / Multi - Unit Manager.
Skill Highlights
© Leadership/conmumication skills
* Budgeting expertise

© Enployee rehtions

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

© Human resources
© New product delivery
© Negotiations expert

© dining clients Kroger’s Supermarket Nutritional menu development and recipe analysis for improved health results for long-term stay guests
Developed chef training programs teaching healthy cooking techniques, health-promoting ingredient selection and how to build the
foundations ofa healthy lifestyle 1 of 7 Inage Options.

Professional Experience
PPA CaO ROra cats
Oem

© Duties including menu development one on one consultation with customer designing menus, as well as work scheduling, complete budget

a tes einen laa

On and off campus Catering,

Successfull menu developrrent and execution for clientele, resulting in 20% business increase over 6 month prior emphasis on - light fare

highlighting locally grown ingredients and regional flavors.

PEE erenaiclidininid euler niin eee eccinselonne vm racca Ble euile cram om al ouierauen eed oa ley
and food presentation concepts.

© Inventory handling, management and rotation in accordance with HACCP, food cost controls and food quality standards.

July 2013 to January 2014
Company Name Executive Chef

* Delivers strong operational performance by executing against Sodexo and regulatory agency standards and programs, continually monitoring
operations, and completing assessments and necessary action plans to provide optimal food quality and meal service.

Drives customer satisfaction, and maintains client relationships through rounding.

Ensures compliance to food safety, sanitation, and overall workphce safety standards.

Supervises, staflg, trains, conducts applicable rounding and manages the performance of the department to include the Food Service
Supervisors and/or front line staffregarding food presentation, quality, cost contro! and food safety and sanitation.

Manages and controls resources and mnterials to ensure quality, adequacy of supply and cost control within budgetary guidelines.
Responsible for managing the process of purchasing, receiving, scheduling, inventory contro! and managing food production activities in
compliance with Sodexo food production systems.

* Assist in menu phnning, pre-costing and post-costing.

May 2005 to January 2013
Company Name City , State Executive Chef? Food service Manager

© Premium menu design, recipe development culinary education for kitchen staff out lining events, live cooking demonstrations.

© Pairing events and upscale private catering fimctions for Doctor and Executive broad Culinary nutrition consultant for health improvement

reaHie Oo aslID Mabon eT eR Ei a

Successfil design and implementation of menu, that promotes conscious cuisine standards, in culinary.

Help development nutritional standards all food outlets.

Siu eeciesur ce cadena ainanaeh ny Rul cB Pace cma cman oe

Impkmented purchasing protocol and procedures, resulting in securing competitive pricing from purveyors.

Aggressively fought waste and promoted cross-utilization to consistently maintain food cost below budget of 27% by 1 - 2.5 percentage

Fence

Positive write-ups from Kindred Magazine and Tucson newspapers for Outstanding, clean kitchen outlets by, Arizona health department.

Developrent, and enforcement of Standards and Procedures Handbook for service and production, resulting in consistent standard task

execution by team members and 20% reduction of labor costs over 5-year period since implementing program.

© Budget development with financial benchmarking experience and contingency planning for preventing business and profit loss, daily metrics
Pa SOCRCHBLETE ASCH La Penicbanaiied slo @ascieine Rub et echt e cee t i tLalra

Noverber 2001 to April 2005
Company Name City , State Executive Sous Chef

¢ Successful assist in direction of $1.5 million renovation of dining facilities and kitchens, including four restaurant, Culinary Leaming Center,
bistro, retail space and stations bullet.
© Budget development and forecasting with focus on lean management through staff cross training and shifting manpower across Food and
