Rie] S2eisicig
Summary
Reliabk, high-performing, individual with 5+ yrs providing excellent service in the restaurant and cooking industry. Secking new opportunities
within the industry to expand my knowledge, provide challenges, and include room to grow. Over a year of experience baking unique and delicious
pastries, cakes, and pies. Capable of adapting to regional tastes and various diets. Continuing education includes a range of certifications for
handling food, catering style, slope work, and food plating. Admirable experience in preparation and presentation of cold foods. Exemplary
knowledge of food hygiene in concordance with proper food handling regulttions.A Skilled in knife techniques including, but not limited to,
NO Ncw akan met ndnerskead ceteatroncn parent ntl ceins Bac Worcedlcra centre
building and conflict resolution skills.

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Sous Chef03/2017 to Current Works with the executive chef to produce diversified menus in accordance with the
restaurant's policy and vision. Produces high quality dishes that follow up the established menu and clients' requirements. Helps phan the food
design in order to create a perfect match between the dish's aspect and its taste. Helps train the auxiliary kitchen staffin order to provide best
results in minimum time and using at the maximum the available resources. Maintains order and discipline in the kitchen during working hours.
Ensures the hygiene and food safety standards are met in all stages of food preparation.

Company Name City , State Garm Chef 05/2016 to Current Prepare cold food iters for a kitchen, such as salads, sandwiches, amuse, soups,
cheese phites, charcuterie and desserts. Follow day to day recipes ofnew and existing dishes while finding ways to help improve day to day
operation of the position. Maintain a clean and organized work environment.

Company Name City , State Lead Cook 10/2014 to 05/2016 Exhibited thorough knowledge of foods, beverages, and supervisory dutiesA as
Lead Cook while directing operations in kitchen. Responsible for 5 associate cooks during shift. Performed kitchen walk-through to gauge
preparedness, freshness of food, and cleanliness of work areas. A Oversaw the preparation and service of all food including, but not limited to,
storage of kitchen equipment, maintaining kitchen sanitation, and safety standards.

Company Name City , State Front Desk 04/2012 to 06/2013

Greeted guests ina timely manner. Managed registration process by checking identification and ensured accuracy of provided credentials. Handled
check-ins and checkouts. Operated hotel switchboard, took calls, and provided information. Answered inquiries regarding the hotel services,
charges, and dining facilities. Balanced cash at the end ofeach shift and generated accounting reports.

brairestbeny

Culinary Arts Expect to pursue

Graphic design University of Alaska Anchorage , City , State , United States Completed one year of general requirement classes before deciding
to pursue other ventures.

HS Diplorm 2004 Seward High School , City , State , United States

Skills

Excellent kadership qualities, passion for culmary arts, excellent customer service skill, enthusiastic people person, self-driven, dedicated.
