EXECUTIVE CHEF III
Summary
Experienced and well rounded Executive Chef. Creative, innovative, and ambitious. Classically trained in Le Cordon Bleu French Cuisine in
Scottsdale, Arizona. Highly skilled in all cooking methods and ethnic cuisines.

Competencies

© Expert proficiency in PC and Mac Programs © ServSafe certified

* Expert Understanding of HACCP and State Sanitation Standards = Food handlers card

© Focused and disciplined « High volume production capability

© Well Versed Palate * Expert Understanding of Food and Labor Control Measures

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Executive Chef III 01/2016 to 08/2016

© Reduced food costs by 7 percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.

© Provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format.

© Expertly estinnted staffing needs and adjusted hourly scheduks in accordance with demand pattems, budget and local labor laws.
i) otrenctetnsmihoenccmuele sca nied ecHeCSeceucitce

© Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

© Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

Company Name City , State Presence 03/2014 to 01/2016
Company Name City , State Regional Executive Chef 03/2014 to 01/2016

© Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and comphints.

Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.

Developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals.

Validated weights and pricing with a scale printer machine.

Prepared a variety of local and seasonal specialties which contributed to a 15 % boost in sales during the summer months.
Reduced food costs by 6 percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.

Expertly estinnted staffing needs and adjusted hourly scheduks in accordance with demand pattems, budget and local labor laws.
Hive ova LCemi EOC N OL Ina igre uel ne eneB melee hcOme det Knonke res rar cams ieesl ee
Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.

Company Name City , State Garde Manger/Production Manager 11/2012 to 03/2014

Systematically tasted and sirelied all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and gamishes.

Collaborated closely with the Food and Beverage Director to conduct staff meetings and resolve service, product and personnel issues.
i) otrenctetnsmihoenccmuele sca nied ecHeCSeceucitce

Hive ova LCemi EOC N OL Ina igre uel ne eneB melee hcOme det Knonke res rar cams ieesl ee

Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct temperature ofall food products.

Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

7 cee eauiba let i niclsuclelr key neccdronnto lari wetiiacalrena ccly ciel

Company Name City , State Owner 11/2011 to 10/2012

© Built and fostered a team environment

© Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest
Rance

© Dispkyed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members.

Company Name City , State Sous Chef 10/2009 to 07/2011

¢ Expert in final plate preparation with authentic presentation.

© Built and fostered a team environment

© Correctly and safely operated all kitchen equipment in accordance with set guidelines.

© Persistently strove for continual improverrent and worked cooperatively as a team member.

© Diligently enforced proper sanitation practices to prevent the spoiling or contamination of foods.

¢ Dispkyed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members.

© Consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly.
© Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.

¢ Developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals.

Company Name City , State Sous Chef 04/2009 to 09/2009

¢ Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.
© Provided nutritious, safe, visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food.
