HEAD CHEF
Summary

Tam currently a student focused on eaming a B.A. in Computer Science A and becoming an Android app developer. My goal is to develop
technical skills to develop and manage investirent activities in the international markets.

Areas of Expertise

Thave experience with Android Studio, Java, XML, Android SDK, Google APIs, databases, Jsoup, _I have experience using HTML, CSS,
Firebase, and Material Design. I amA currently developingA my own app for Google Playstore and —_Javascript, and Bootstrap, Photoshop,
PNT cow Pie eianca

schivor anes

UREN C

Company Name i City , State

 Responsibk for customer service at the sushi bar, preparing quality authentic entrA@es and appetizers, manage and utilize luxury imported
products conservatively to minimize shrinkage and muintain overhead.
© Responsible for training new employees and maintaining safety and efficiency behind sushi bar.

02/2008 to 03/2015
Sole RO aC NANT ALOIS HIG

* Prepare entrA@es in timely fashion, maintain efficiency and safety in work environment.
© Support and train new employees in kitchen.
CREA ohkLetiinccpinlbcn ca La bemsrai io

01/2005 to 01/2006
Ramp Agent Company Name

* Responsible for guiding aircraft traffic, baggage handling, maintaining security on ramp, removal of hazardous debris, customer support,
cabin maintenance, operating Ground Support Equipment such as tugs, forklifts, and belt loaders.
© Responsible for delivery of high priority air-freight to cargo in timely fashion.

brairestbeny

Associate of Science : Finance Midlands Technical College 1/4 State , Cohurbia Finance
Associate of Science : Mathematical Economics Miami Dade College i City , State
Ov

Associate of Science : Computer Science University of North Georgia 1% City , State
als

Accounting, customer service,A airffeight delivery, retail, operating Sy Rene LUG Lac ese RSM AUI ECan EIS N aceanhe
areas of airport terminal, inventory, managing, preparing quality entreesA and beverages.

Poni Lewes oben)

Tam involved in anA import-export business my family and I have prepared trading agricultural goods fromA Iran to the United States.A
