HEAD CHEF
Riterersag
To contribute my work ethic and experience to a kitchen team within a company that fosters growth.
Experience

01/2016 to 01/2016

Head Chef Company Nanx - City , State

¢ Running kitchen operations Menu management Prepping, cooking, and plating Safety and sanitation Hiring and termination Budget contro!
Training employees Communicating with food venders Food orders.

09/2013 to 012014
era cr AOD eGo SANG ee ON mESH IC)

I eTaahieeeo NAO Reo merareice

WW (ontserstetecnana

urge oem acme ge) acne

Maintaining health and safety standards for all employees.

er

02/2013 to 05/2013
Line Cook/ Garde Manger Company Nanr - City , State

© Alternating stations as needed/ sautA© and grill Practicing F.1LF.O.

© to ensure food quality was high and spoilage cost were low Followed company recipes to create dishes according to customer orders
WE Racer Dem bcclUMr CRT Cuan ec Cm Ree TecS ways MCRIHI Core Omron eeCh Me ane @eeNu iit es escelea Le cats
Helping source local ingredients to keep dishes seasonal Closing Kitchen.

012011 to 0122012
Garde Manger / Line Cook Company Name - City , State

¢ Alternating stations as needed Practicing F.LF.O.

© to ensure food quality was high and spoilage cost were low Followed company recipes to create dishes according to customer orders
WO Peck Lee bcclUMn CRTC uacain ec Cm Ree S wou a cRInICore mr oneeCh Meare acute erate nating
management for ticket call Helping create dishes and appetizers for events Remaining attentive to multiple dishes at once during peak hours,
ensuring that dishes were compkte ina timely manner and with high quality.

01/2009 to 01/2009
Garde Manger Company Name - City , State

* Followed company recipes to create dishes according to customer orders.

© Maintained sanitation, health, and safety standards in work areas.

PERSuniiectzeon ick rcow oceans cori mares tne) alone oom Poca tir Nem SB NAIC Omen B eo eile
produce.

¢ Remnining attentive to multiple dishes at once during peak hours, ensuring that dishes were complete in a timely manner and with high
quality.

01/2008 to 01/2009
Prep Chef/ Line Cook Company Nar - City , State

Washed, cut, and prepared foods designated for cooking.

Operated high-volume equipment such as grills, deep fryers, griddles, ovens, and stovetops.
Assisted kitchen staff with various tasks such as inventory, food portioning, and dishwashing,
erence eRe ct Rices ete e pe aeetm meneame) ee eco R Teen

Cr ey

CO UROL T7203
(Ont cw AO ae Ou ia N rie Ol Nell

¢ Received and processed cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, and automatic debit payments.
© Issued receipts, refimds, credits, and change due to customers.
PEC coat onextancnliccnoiiineneinerainc abl curcenegtanrcantce

01/2007 to 01/2007
Sheet Metal Fabricator Company Name - City , State

Ce er riecB Sly relLOMECCan eae Canim Me odtees Bae eb round sicaclien ri ceMiice sone Om Coty
© Utilized hand and power tools such as shiekled metal and gas metal are welding equipment.
© Operated metal shaping, straightening, and bending machines, such as brakes and shears.

01/2006 to 01/2006
