CHEF INSTRUCTOR PROFESSOR
Summary

Dynamic, resourceful and skilled Teacher Instructor, Business Owner and Chef with years of experience. Problem Solver, Strategic Planning, Risk
Managenrent, Service Quality Improverrent, Staff Training, Staff-Retention Programs, Team Buikling, Team Leadership, Takes immediate action if
probiens arise, Motivator, Problem Resolution, Employee Scheduling, Event Management and Promotion, Expense Control, High kvel of work
Standards, Adjust Priorities Quickly, Understands and motivates employees and customers by analyzing and understanding and making them feel
valued and understood. Culinary Instructor teaching within a college level for nine consecutive years. Highly respected.

Highlights
* Excellent Leadership DEE Gea\yurclieg
© Partners well with Others © Builds Great Teams to Achieve Superior Results
© Proved Ability To Plan, Organize, and Manage Business CeO leuanircel
© Human Resources Leadership * Team Leadership
CREA rineerniceet| © Microsoft Office Tools
® Operations Start-Up and Analytical Skills for Improvement —e_- Staff Development, Motivation and Training Programs
CME Olesiralb ure Ncaubalvcr nee @ranie CR Wena cliccieneeem uit ety
Cer tiara eee Ce gerocinennie Ged
schivor anes

Chef Instructor Professor 10/2006 to 08/2015 Company Name City , State

Culinary Science, Food Service, Food Safety and Sanitation & Customer Service Skills, Lecture/Lab Class to students in both credit and
noncredit programs. Instruct and supervise students in volume food preparation for breakfast, lunch, or dinner service in the cafeteria, professional
industrial kitchen. Lecture on related topics dealing with food preparation, proper tools, sanitation, and kitchen operations. In addition to normal
teaching responsibilities, this position requires the management of ordering food products, analyzing food costs, portion control, menu planning,
merchandising, kitchen sanitation, kitchen maintenance. Enjoy working with college students that have diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural,
sexual orientations, disabilities, and ethnic backgrounds. Emphasized the importance of students ability to build positive relationships and building
trust ma team enviroment. Wrote and implemented a culinary team to feed homekss on Charkestons streets. Extremely high work ethics set and
standards expected from selfand staffand students.

Pastry ChefManager 01/1995 to 01/1997 Company Name City , State

Patissier and Boulangar (baking and pastry chef), and was promoted to Garde Manger, adding to her responsibilities, the preparation of cold
foods, salads, appetizers, pates, and other charcuterie iters.She was quickly promoted to Chef De Cuisine. Coexisting moved to mother
property-Heritage Inn- Sun City, Arizona. Assistant Director of Kitchen/Dining Room Manager for a long termcare and skilled nursing facility.
Quality contro! ofall foods and beverage served to residents, guests and employees, direction and facilitation of safety, sanitation and maintenance
programs for employees of the community. Hiring and training of personnel for front and back of the house. Accountability for all Ime expectations,
phiting presentations, as well as all chef positions. Execution of resident and facility specialty fictions from menu planning and implkerrentation.

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Science : Business Management 2012 The Art Institute of Pittsburgh City , State , USA
Associate of Applied Science : Culinary Arts 1998 The Art Institute of Phoenix City , State, USA

Valedictorian, Outstanding Culmary Achieverrent Award, Presidents Honor Roll, 3.8 G.P.A.
Personal Information

T grew up ona farm ina small town of Superior, Pennsyivania. My early influences were all centered on food. My grandparents grew and sold
their own vegetables and meats. Dennis Turkey Farm was known for its customer satisfaction and 4€-ckean fant practices. I learned about
environmental stewardship from grandparents that farmed holistically. I fondly remember working with Grandpa Demis, plucking turkey feathers
and processing chickens to fill the latest orders.Inside the farmhouse, I sat wide eyed watching my grandmother make what seemed like magic in
her big wooden bow! filling the orders for our family restaurant called Glisans .I credit my grandmother for instilling within me the passion for
savory and baking and using all of the chef'senses! I have worked practically all of my life in some form within the hospitality world. I am very
creative, positive, warm, personable with strong attention to detail and managerrent skills. I pride myselfon quality of work with a strong work
ethic. I pride myselfon high customer satisfaction and client retention. I ama true kader and a fantastic administrator and teacher.

PXcGreoeslPiloeraben

1998-2000-Carter and Carter P.C.-Owned and operated a smull catering establishment with my ex-husband, Primarily catering to church,
government and homekss shelters.

Carter and Carter P.C. Owned a Real Estate group which I spearheaded with my husband.

1995-96 -The Wigwam Resort- A Five Star fine dining establishment Banquet Server and Room Attendant, responsible for plating presentations
Pe Ccoian ann nelckereicm Ora giem ust em
