SOUS CHEF
Executive Profile

Taman eager, professional and committed Chef} who is passionate about great food and whom when working ina kitchen ahvays maintain my
finger on the pulse of the heart of establishment. I am committed in developing my personal and culinary abilities to the filllest extent. I have vast
long termed experience in cooking high quality breakfast, lunch, and evening meals, while driving food values forward. I am now secking a suitable
position with a company that offers a truly unique environment to work in along with excellent career development opportunities.

Core Accomplishments

Enhanced customer satisfaction evel up to 60% by demonstrating fine culinary and managerrent skills in the kitchen and dining area.

Ol Esur cP CRON DePne ree cccom ae eres renee km

Reduced order service time by 30%, through effective order and synchronization in implementation of timely prep exercises at the main course
Meneses boicy

Professional Experience
May 2015
to

February 2016
Company Name City , State Sous Chef

BCom lone neemestineeetneesr oe eanecg [tive re Less

4€¢ Prepared and cooked, nutritious and well balanced meals for patrons. 4€¢ Managed basic preparation of food together with Head Chef.
Aloe Selim eRe coe meesu Ne etcmuiketcalGrtedvan aed pee tanccede es ouch Obnkuce cas bi kike dooce Oboe can itm
€¢ Created dishes for patrons with special dietary or cultural needs.

Ba aa acen eran aombachkeley ma cnet voce nob Gh Renny ueriklelieen creek eds nccnclucktnelng
Raat greatness

€¢ Supervised back of the house staff on their daily tasks, created and maintained staff scheduling optimizing in house personnel ensuring and
RTtSiyneeae eel belan Lee

€¢ Negotiating with sales representatives on the price of orders and supplies.
4€¢ Hotline management.
€¢ Created menus by producing taste samplers presented to owners satisfaction which were implemented as part of our daily menu speciab.

October 2006

to

i Zoeirsa wen i)

Company Name City , State Sous ChefFirst Cook

Oto rslek a ucnesc cpu ueeecw eta bacsnoy
Pe eset BOS LE nlnne ne miqucunica daar pies Door CMAN] LO MMarr ied rece raliacE mur S Ae SOMES Raining

optimal cleanliness,

© Mentoring, training and supporting junior chefs, cooks and other back of the house personnel. Instructing in the proper perceiving and
cooking techniques.

© Managed all action stations while maintaining high standards as well as ensuring food quality.

© Maintained OSHA and safety regulations.

¢ Monitored food preparation methods, portion sizes, gamishing and presentation of food ensuring food was prepared and presented in an
Onagershecn dna

Created and maintained food and equipment inventories and reliable records.

CCHS cminiclech eg conor obnarMnitneckne cats On amien rockets nates

Created and planned menus and food utilization based on the anticipated number of guests, nutritional values, palatability, popularity, and
costs efficiencies.

Maintained records required by law and local goverment agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies as appropriate.

Created "test taste menus" by creating food sampkes for tasting and smelling to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.

Reviewed work procedures and operational issues to determine ways to improve service, performance, and or safety.

Created specialty dishes and developed recipes which were liter used used and placed on permanent menus in dining facilities.

July 2003
to
PN emule)
