CUSTOMER SERVICE REP
Professional Summary

Tam currently secking a fulltime position, in an enviromment that will be a greater challenge for me. I'malso aiming to kaming new skils or using
my own skills, to help me better myselfin the real world and will allow opportunities for advancement. I aman accomplished and motivated
individual with a solid background in AutoCAD design, layout, and design for products. But I also have experience in Customer Service
Representative and Administration with over 8 years of experience in tekephone and in-person customer services, including sales, tech support,
customer care, active listening and problem solving in a fast-paced, teant-based, deadline-driven enviromrent. Detail driven with outstanding
communication skills and proven success interfacing with both customers and team members. Call Center Representative versed in customer
support in high Call volume environments. Superior computer skills and telephone etiquette.

als
PEs Soe eee rilaneritan itt
Career DYN * Deadline-oriented
* AutoCAD Civil 3DA Paetscnredcay cc
© Civil Engineering BasicsA ¢ Critical thinking
CaP oa itstciery CMSA rite rect
CRRA e SD cn8 Perera erkeincs
© AutoCAD Inventor ProA Cielo a encrcy
Ce xearig * Strategic sales knowledge
© Architectural knowledge © Multi-line phone talent
CUP iV AC RN ea Or clom colic mm mca nr etuclae
© Teanwork © Strong verbal communication
© Risk management processes and analysis
Work History

Customer Service Rep , 08/2016 to 02/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

romechiyccrenanticnerds omen faans acme tenaaly

Described product and pricing to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise.

Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge ofsales and company promotions.

Scored in top 10% of employees in successful resolution of issues

Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concems or comphints, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on
Tres emo eccL otal A

Maintained ckanliness and presentation of stock room and production floor.

Directed calls to appropriate individuals and departrrents.

Achieved sales goals and service performance requirements with new customer and existing sales,

Asked open-ended questions to assess customer needs.

Leamed, referenced and applied product knowledge information.

Contacted customer to follow up on purchases, suggest new merchandise and inform them about promotions and upcoming events.
Set up and exphined new membership contracts.

Effectively managed a high-volue of inbound and outbound customer calls.

Answered a constant flow of customer calls that was giving to agents daily ina call center environment.

Defised volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.

Palo ecm Grcccteomornmretrecmemilvmianarcnee dren en koran

Crew Menber , 02/2014 to 08/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Create burritos, and have fin doing it.

Greeted customers and provided excellent customer service.

Providing friendly, quality customer service to cach Chipotle customer.

Excellent time management skills and ability to work in high pressure situations.

Worked on the line, cash, and fax area.

(Avi elie ree Cutler saeco Lc ACRE RiT Ome CcL etn

Cleaning equipment, preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to customer volure.
Following Chipotle sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day.
Assembled food orders while maintaining appropriate portion control

Followed food safety procedures according to company policies and health and sanitation regulations.
Reported to each shift on time and ready to work.

Biling, Office Assistant , 09/2012 to 11/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Checked patient data including insurance, demographic and health history to ensure all information was current.
