bce 4 SOLUS UAU CEOS Ico
Summary

Motivated Executive Chef with 22 years of culinary expertise. A Recognized for assessing operational needs and developing solutions to save
costs, improve revenues, and drive customer satisfaction. Resource fil and well-organized with excellent leadership and team buiking record.

A Last 4 years were spent actively participating and designing kitchens and restaurants in a 167 million dollars hotel expansion, while still managing
and maintaining a fiscally responsible operation. A The Waterfront Beach resort is recognized by guests and peers as a premier culinary location in
Orange County.

schivor anes
Executive Chef, 12/2003 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Managed kitchen and stewarding staff team of 67 and assigned various stages of food production and event management.

designed, managed and created menus for 3 restaurants (offshore 9, Boardwalk and newly opened Henry's), 2 pool pantries and 1 market
(Riptide and Surf Hero).

Managed, designed menus and cooked for over 51,000 square fect of meeting space.

Maintained labor at under 11% to promote long-term business profitability.

Purchased ingredients and managed inventory froma variety of vendors which allowed for a hotel wide food costs of 26%.

Worked closely on a daily basis with sales and catering to create dynamic cost effective food selections for small banquets and large events
for up to 1000 peopk.

Experimented new dish creations by mcorporating customer recommendations and feedback.

Created recipes, incorporating various techniques, to build flavor and unique visual appeal.

Adjusted seasonal plans to source local ingredients and aligned special dishes to complement area events.

Worked with vendors to locate optimal recipe ingredients at cost-effective rates.

Utilized local, fresh food products to support local economies and showcase commumity support.

Produced or amended menus and item selections in conjunction with food and beverage team

evo nrecBietelel a wrb evel iuricekolounimreirecchkangeeccy

Initiated software based inventory control system to manage inventory and analyze food cost.

Coordinated and executed menu planning, recipe developrrent and daily restaurant operations.

Monitored quality, presentation and proper quantities of plated food across line.

Created new menu items, managed food expenses and supervised quality to ensure adherence to standards.

Oversaw hiring and development of kitchen employees as well as trained numerous kitchen personnel ftom ground up to take on challenging
Bribe eon ars eine k Oo geek Orsi Lom

Continually aware of dramatic changes to kitchens, including Health Department Standards and customer requests for healthier food
ebeice

Monitored kitchen area and staffto ensure overall safety and proper food handling techniques.

Restaurant Chef/ Executive Sous-Chef, 08/2008 to 08/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Modified standard recipes to account for ingredient issues or custorrer requests, including allergen concerns.

Created exceptional menu items executed with precision to regularly gamer diner praise.

Supervised staff of 30, providing direction in preparing specialty items, including banquets, restaurant and employee dining room A
Developed innovative California driven A menus with over 30 offerings.

Followed proper food handling methods and nnintained correct temperature of food products resulting in consistently high scores on health
inspections.

I Copano eo oesioa cate tuemcetC mem ceeOMrieunL Zeke lecle ot ZiNg

Estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules to match demand pattems, budget and local labor hws.

Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.

Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with kitchen team to maximize efficiency.

Prepared more than 500 dishes per day in fast-paced all scratch kitchen environment while maintaining high customer satisfaction rate.
Maintained consistent quality and high accuracy when preparing identical dishes every day.

Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.

Identified opportunities to increase revenue, decrease kitchen expenses and maximize departmental productivity without compromising guest
Rance

Enforced proper sanitation practices to prevent spoiling or contamination of foods.

Verified kitchen staff followed all recipes and portion serving guidelines correctly.

Maximized efficiency of kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.

Placed orders for food supplies weekly with understanding of kitchen's budget.

Site Rial a arc Rica: cise cu meto ive tee Re etl ebeed mesa lode one eB tics ce

Trained and supervised all culinary personnel for $3.5 milion annual revenue-grossing restaurant.

Used an array of different cooking techniques in dish creation and educated the kitchen staffin these methods.

Lead Cook / Chefde Cuisine , 12/2003 to 08/2008
Company Name 4€“ City , State
