EXECUTIVE CHEF-PARTNER
Rt srersta
Proven abilities in fine dining restaurants, catering, corporate dining and provisioning, Well versed in cost control, P & L analysis, menu production,
CSU MECC Lae Mua rcneene esa ore Wo EMI Codeen connate Se neRecyAReeN Racy ereY
BS acai)

PN owcniek orice guechuinatuay

© ServSafe Liquor Certified

¢ 13CT Caterer Liquor Licensee

¢ Florida State Gaming Commission Licensee

Experience
Executive Chef Partner
RPC Tet ce Gun scenery Ol en H

¢ Daily supervision of BOH team menbers.

© Weekly supervision of FOH operations-customer service, point of sakes, management, staffing, and financials for 1.5M anmul sales
scolar hoe

OM crn Suton ee Mico ectauraanersatrecieets Di reg tet ay yy eect ey) ce

SMB cg ML eS Coit nL ne Eco ke ay ad oc a

© Retrained staffin proper recipe and sanitation (H.A.C.C.P) adherence.A

« Expertly estinmted staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand pattems, budget and local labor laws.

Oto rla Vola cn calhwk Olam
March 2014 to July 2014 Company Name 1% City, State

PM esuen Rocca Ciescce ume Rates omen aneedeooer ate
¢ Obtain new clients and track sakes.

¢ Event phnning ofall sizes at all stages.

© Menu planning and execution from prep to production.

Executive Chef
August 2013 to March 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ R&Dof'foods, plan menus and production for new concept company with intent to expand national.
© Gourmet office lunches, packaged meals, vegan solutions

SCO iscne cera uaesiurmontiicenekeasne (cates)

¢ Catering logistics for large office fimctions.

Executive Buflet Chef

December 2011 to August 2013 Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Supervisor of 65 team members of cooks, 30 stewards and 3 sous chef.

© Successful record of meeting and exceeding target budget food cost and P&L quarterly goals for annual sakes ofA 15 million.
¢ Created daily menus to feed an average of 1700 peopk.

Pea me mace Ryle race Ces punr sce Rona nes ur. Maes ca mtorr ee Res eat uct een nce N
 Responsibk for ordering, scheduling, and hiring of all staff members, stock and par control.

President/Executive Chef
March 2004 to December 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

Owner & chefof gounnet catering company servicing corporate, weddings, and event planning,

Personal touch catering for small, intimate parties to large scale venues.

Exclusive needs clients and Miami productions craft services.

Upscak catering-yacht provisioning business.

Duties included operational supervisor, client management, catering menu development, financials, Yachting clientele liaison, and party
planning, for events up to 2000 guests.

RAT Sate) «BS ccce

Highlights: A Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show Caterer, Boys and Girls Club of Broward County Yacht Hop, and Rybovitch Mega
Eve Ta ineeskaccm Beyond

Sous-ChefBanquet Chef
October 1997 to December 1998 Company Narre i City , State

re ee

¢ Opening management for Chef David Burke in the first of 6 new steakhouse openings for The New York Restaurant Group.
© Trained new personnel in S & W'S technique of restaurant operation (as well as Chef Burke's recipes).

© Skilled in butchering of meats as well as maintaining the largest dry aging operation in Miami.

¢ Responsible for handing all banquets from prep to production for parties up to 200 guests.
