EXECUTIVE CHEF
Usotecc eral Rinng erin
Executive Chef A with 20 A years of experience cooking in American, Mexican, Asian, French and SeafoodA environments. Prior work as prep
cook, line chef, and sous chef
Energetic culmary professional with a blend of creativity, passion for food and exceptional cooking skills. Works well as a dynamic leader in high-
fale eva the
Bilingual ChefA with20A years in cooking, hiring and training staff, creating scheduks and managing bor costs.
Executive Chef possessing an innate skill in creating exceptional menu items. Leads productive working environments that attract top-notch talent.
als

© AmericarFrench chssicA cooking
technique
Beautifid presentation of food « Enployed at CAMPEON , featured in Village Voice "Critics' Picks” column.
Mexicarn/AnericanA cuisine expert ¢ Enpbyed at LOLITA/REDLULU, featured in The New York TimesA Critics’ Picks"
Effective planner colum. Two Stars
Extensive catering background
Food presentation talent

Work History
Executive Chef 12/2013 to 08/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Assisted the owner to create a new sports bar/restaurant concept.

Developed recipes and plate presentations.

Responsible for the ordering and choosing Chinaware, small wares, silverware and glassware.

Created Menus, prep lists for each station and delegated duties to each member of the HOH.

[Keo imlatrayekueredeiiceoeemelg ic Lela cara emsle Ese TLenel im

Monitored food production areas for safety and sanitation practices and procedures.

Set up production cycles, ensures proper inventory levels were available.

Hands on execution of the line; directing kitchen employees with food production.

Conducted proper pre-meals and other educational seminars with front of the house employees.

Purchased food items and various products for the operation of the restaurant.

Ret rect Br kon Pre record nario Enact roncmoatneta ten ice Om terre eacenineBrn ini ea\cW ed

Managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline
when necessary.

Maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends.

Delo erccbrentomoeenus (neds Boem oa oe Ob pucckmcn en beri neRaicen amcsiiconiat ote

Instructed new staffin proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.
Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering,

Set EHUar onion wmounicenceite sci one He cnet koedl cee Realm cota ae Le

Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.

Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearance and cleanliness of production and service areas.
Created and managed budgets for operations and capital equipment.

Prepared operational reports and analyses and made appropriate recommendations about progress and negative trends.

Planned lunch, dinner and bar menus, as well as special menus for in-house special events and catering.

Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

Executive Sous Chef 10/2012 to 11/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Responsible for receiving purchases, checked schedules and opening of the kitchen restaurant.

Catered large corporate events, fashion/restaurant weeks and the holiday season.

Responsible for maintaining cleanliness and order in the absence of the executive chef,

Conducted proper pre-meals and other educational seminars with front of the house employees.

I eceiSle sO weal react M Let hleew on oullinece po RCat@emcest ote

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.
Uremic CU Cemine slic iPeiet Gq mleccLee neue l@eemcc ay coe Le

Expertly managed 40A staffand maintained appropriate staffing levels throughout shifts.

Executive Chef 05/2009 to 08/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Created charts for cleaning efficiency, food and labor controls.
* Created detail recipes and standards for menus and specials.
¢ Managed BOH operations at both restaurants in Connecticut.
