HEAD CHEF
Ritirerctag

Mature college student. Interested in part time work in areas such as retail, health services, security, information technology, and food services.
‘The past six years I have been involved ina men's mentor group named BoyzN2Men. As a high school student I started as one of the entry evel
attendees and worked my way to one of the top officers of the core. The program has taught me the importance of responsibility, accountability,
integrity of character and other virtues of life that will help me in the work pkce.

During my high school senior year I was actively involved with the student government association (SGA). I was the secretary ofanrs, highly
Roll) ant Rone Gn aRnmncaAln cece here ersea nla

Also have experienced in taking food orders, operating cash registers and safely handling food while checking for proper temperatures.
Shania

Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint

Ad Urol e cua B archaeon cic)

SB Sree a CUES

© Excellent multi-tasker

Be Nesribeiiaisitiaieaig
ols eetneseneatesl| CRU nem atnub tien als

© Comfortable standing for long time periods
INST ce eB eesccche Et eyes oe
Experience

Company Name City , State Head Chef07/2012 to 11/2015

* Promptly reported comphints to a member of the mamgement team
CMO eco smtp encromua barn ecntne ke ccouce bre ccen ec cien ese)
© Commumicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.
Co eS ms CMeR en lnimeiiieverrantad
© Cut and chopped food items and cooked ona grill or in fryers.
Company Name City , State Manager 07/2010

¢ Worked ona Buikding campaign and domestic tasks.
© Recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner.
* Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve service issues.

Company Name City , State 01/2010 to 01/2011
© Worked directly with customers and employees Attending to front desk and answering calls Engaging in invigorating task in the workplace
Rock Creek Sports Club January 2012 Floor Managerrent Assisted Managers Clean, Replaced tikes Marketing ic.
Caras npc Mo SOP UGMaaS Men cncie Leeman ere

Education
Graduate 2012 Watkins Mills High School , City , State

Nello oma acct an CCE
Bachelor of Science : Computer Science 2014 University of Maryland College Park
Attended Towson University (2014)

BTC)
BoyzN2Men Youth Leader, 2009 - 2011 *Basketball Team *Very active Community Member
PXiereoes Pionrslceny

Activities *Boy2N2Men Youth Leader, 2009 - 2011 *Basketball Team *Very active Community Member
alg
