PREMIUM CLUB CHEF
Executive Profile

Creative, desire for perfection, dedication to the profession and the art while at the same time effectively balance profitability. Twenty three years
professional experience as a dynamic, resourcefill and skilled Chef with a proven success record in many dynamic venues and assignments.

Skill Highlights
* Food cost control specialist. © Skillfill kitchen staff trainer
© Special dietary needs expert © Intemational culinary skills
© Proven kadership skills © Strong customer relationship builder

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Consistently stayed under monthly controllable expense budget. Adjusted monthly menus to maximize use of seasonal Jocal ingredients and
delicacies. Drove food costs down by 23% by effectively improving inventory procedures and reducing spoilage levels. Created and explored new
cuisines. Oversaw kitchen employee operations to ensure production levels and service standards were maintained.

Professional Experience
Premium Club Chef 01/2014 to Current Company Nan City , State

© Directly responsible for food and labor costs, menu development, recipe creation and standardization of recipe production to ensure
OOS ana
© Promote positive public relations with guests.
Oversee a fine dining venue that seats 300 offering an ala carte menu and a daily Chefs Tabk, an all-inclusive area with guest seating of 240
and a daily Chefs Tabk, a fast casual venue that seats 140, as well as the pastry department which supplies scratch nude pastries for club
level and all suites.
Change menus daily for each outlet and pastry menu for each home stand.
Responsible for all non-game day catered events and in-park game day events.
Travel to other venues assisting in high profile events and play-off garcs.
Oversaw 40 cooks and 2 Sous Chefs as part of overall back of the house operations.

Pastry Chef 03/2013 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

¢ Ensure brand quality, consistency and adherence to standards.

© Designed kitchen and set up pastry departrent operations.

* Developed menu and implement new items for home stands.

¢ Ensure that all pastries are consistently prepared and served according to the restaurants’, outlets’, and banquet facility portioning, and
Renee eINeClieG

© Hired and trained staffof9 to correct facility procedures, safety codes, proper recipes and baking techniques.

CM oniGnccBoetcdci bon m@arcnemr cl Rok ocekOhledevine@tae Louceibenieciveclinecs omy nae GLdcm ore Oo wuael

Pastry Chef 06/2012 to 03/2013 Company Name City , State

© Ordered and controlled inventory.

© Developed menu and implement daily speciab.

* Introduced new and modified existing recipes.

© Responsible for all pastry and savory baked goods food costing,

© Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.

© Planned and prepared food for parties, holiday meals, luncheons, special fimetions, and other social events.

Executive Chef 10/2009 to 09/2011 Company Name City , State

© Inthis organic vegetarian restaurant I have created seasonal menus with a heavy emphasis on vegan, gluten-free and living food items.
© Responsible for all pastry production for in- house and retail sale.

© Developed own methods and recipes to create tasty vegetarian/vegan cuisine.

© Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and diet restrictions.

© Supervised and evaluated staff, implemented budgets, fore casted trends and negotiated prices with vendors.

© Held monthly cooking chsses for the public.

Executive Chef09/2001 to 09/2003 Company Name City , State

PO cle ribrentomecmicchesaltincmoncbriecaleminsk cunt kictia
Ordered and controlled food inventory.

Oversaw 30 cooks and 2 Sous Chefs as part of overall back of the house operations.
Hired and trained all kitchen staffand adhered to company budgets.

Developed and held cooking, baking and candy making classes for the public.
