EVENT LEAD/ PREP COOK / ASSISTANT PASTRY CHEF
Summry

Talented cook with a diverse culinary background encompassing family style meals, restaurant management, and on site catering. Successfill
TIO MAO e ie orc mmamenes lobule puaseurdnecnicne uct occa apace

Experience
Event Lead / Prep Cook / Assistant Pastry ChefJan 2015 to Dec 2016
Company Name - City, State

As an Event Lead I was expected to deliver an eating experience that reflected the integrity and reputation of the company I was employed by. In
doing so I was responsible for managing an event team of up to 40 peopk at times. This included but was not limited to delegating responsbilities,
mmnaging break and leave times, loading/delivering, and training new employees.

As a Prep Cook I prepared food, desserts, and drinks according to recipes and specifications from the executive chef I also cooked, stored, and
labeled according to industry and health code standards. At I was abk to have creative input during menu plaming,

As the Assistant Pastry Chef was responsible for compkting a daily prep Ist (ic. cakes, cookies, breads, pastries, and candies etc.) according to
chef specifications and recipes while utilizing various baking methods and equipment. I was ako in charge of training and assisting two other bakers
in their daily prep. Ako facilitating meeting regarding performance. After my Exec Pastry Chef left I was then responsibk for scheduling, making
prep lists, ordering from various vendors, attending weekly BEO meetings, menu planning and wedding cake deliveries.

Line Cook May 2014 to Dec 2015
(Ooi ota Niece Ol NARS

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.

Maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends.

Led shifls while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.

Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service evel.

Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.

Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.

yore ie eee OCR morte Ucn Loan cba merecd spec hoomines as iM Menai Ame Ram oosecm en Lele es end nr ie
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

Cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned menus, diet plans, recipes, portions, temperature contro! procedures and
PAC ecole

eee eRe Oe MUNG c ROC OOM cLnetuLettei cP Ten Leiceaniivelsys neal OB Om no mattress
rte bauer m ete ania ecacninetadli guar acy

Aas cbincs ecto snedhactien Kec iana

Accurately and efficiently prepared healthy, delicious fish, meat and vegetable-based dishes.

Line Cook May 2014 to Oct 2014
Company Name - City , State

re ee ee ee |

Cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned menus, diet plans, recipes, portions, temperature contro! procedures and
FAUCI a eco em

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.

Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.

Maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends.

Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.

Led shifis while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.

Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.

ers amare CCM UIIRCIA oN Meoniescub esac m cel <UnaTULed oie eR iP uice ane aaah eB Oe nam otctnecce
Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times.

Recommended menu items to the Executive Chef for new dish development, holidays, special events and promotions.

Verified freshness of products upon delivery.

FXcunohove ecole ana no ieGhe lin mecreorce i simucieneRtaLanle) cx eskecmel spam

Baker Dec 2013 to May 2014
Company Name - City , State

Mixed dough, scaled breads and performed all baking duties.

Baked consistent quality items by accurately mixing, dividing, shaping and proofing.

Operated bread slicers, proofers, ovens, and packaging machines capable of producing bread in copious amounts in minimal time.
These tasks required one to be abke to be on their feet for 8 continuous hours and at temperatures offen times exceeding 100 degrees.
Properly wrapped, boxed, and weighed bakery department products.

Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goak.
