BANQUET CHEF
Professional Summary

To whom it may concem: Please accept this letter as my application for the position of executive chef I aman ambitious and well rounded chef
who is abk to kead from the front by setting, following and delivering the highest culinary standards. I possess a passion for excellence, and always
strive hard to int prove standards and guest satisfaction. My goal as executive chef's to provide the club members with an experience that
exceeds there expectations. I believe that is accomplished by using the highest quality food product keeping within the food budget and asserbling
the best possible culinary brigade to meet the members needs. I standardize my recipes to maintain consistency and alvays demonstrate what is
ex- pected for each dish conceming portion size, proper cooking techniques, and presentation. My management style is fair, firm, and friendly but
with high expectations, also I consider my self to be proactive in running the kitchen. I delegate people according to their strengths, but rotate them
seasonally to different stations to help them in their professional development and increas- ing flexibility in the kitchen staff I train the wait staffon
the menu by ketting them sample the menu items, and listen to their feed back. I am flexible with special dietary requests from members. I am glad
to make adjustrrents for health conscious members, or those with specific dietary needs. I am visible to the members in the dinning roomso that I
amabk to receive their feed back on the menu. Over the years I had the pleasure of working with sore of the best chefs in the country which has
enabled me to have a board knowledge of different types of cuisines and keeping up with trends.

alg

Work History
Banquet Chef Sep 2016 - Current
Company Name City , State

© The Country Club at Mirasol is a three-time member of the prestigious group of Platinum Clubs of Ameti- ca, a certified Audubon
Cooperative Sanctuary, and has been recognized as a Distinguished Emerald Club by club industry publication The BoardRoom Magazine.

* Myresponsibilities are all banquets, member fimetions, and theme events and also working with the chefon creating new and exiting menus
to keep membership excited about club events.

© I supervise a team of 12 that produces half of the food and beverage revenue which is 6 million.

Executive Sous Chef Aug 2014 - Sep 2016
Company Name City , State

* The Club is recognized as a “Platinum Club” one of the top 10 private club commumities in the United.
States.

The club has 1300 members and three restaurants and banquet facility.

Yel Bins dar Lok ce

is 5 milliona year.

I contribute with the executive chefin mnintaining the Clubs platinum kevel status.

Candk Light Inn: Catonsville Maryland.

Owner, Executive Chef General Manager Jan 1996 - Jan 2013
Company Name

© Candk Light Inn is a 200 seat white table cloth restaurant that features modem traditional cuisine and a.
CE itn miko \noce Meche nieem ane canemrt bet armee ioe cred nee Rynoci eran tires ccna
* Instruct cooks or other workers in the preparation, cooking, gamishing, or presentation of food.

¢ Analyze recipes to assign prices to menu items, based on food, labor, and overhead costs.

© Recruit and hire staff including Ime chefs, kitchen staff, servers, hostesses, and managers.

Sous ChefJan 1990 - Jan 1996

Company Name

© Oversaw a staffof 100 kitchen personnel and maintained 5 star menu dishes and service Plan, direct, and supervise the food preparation

and cooking activities of multiple kitchens ofa large hotel.

OSHPaaeeo oe Rl amen ne SlLee osc in ey EseLanomes ec mecmMieeBeLNCannlL ene) eee

Over the years I have had the pleasure of working with some of the best chefs in Arica, all of whom have played a significant rok in my

Glata enenece celal

© My nentors include Peter Timmins CMC, Hartrunt Handke CMC, John Johnstone, CMC, Lawrence McFadden CMC, Keith
Coughenour CEC, Alex Darvish, CEC and Richard Rosendale, CMC.

Personal Information

A meting is an excellent opportunity for us to have a detailed and candid discussion about the benefits that I can bring to the Country Club. Look
forward to hearing ftom you in the near future to discuss how I can become an integral part of your team. Warm regards Marco Lorbardini
brairestbeny

Servsafe certified : 1990

Baltimore Culinary College City , State

Graduated with honors in restaurant and hotel management - The Greenbrier Apprenticeship Progrant White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia
Graduated with a gold medal in cold food display and a silver medal in hot food competition -

FXO Boca @utiick@Leey.t) P4
