LINE CHEF
Summary

cook with 16 years of experience cooking in various environments. Prior work as prep cook, line chef, and sous chef Motivated offering over
years experience in the food industry. Focused on high standards for taste and quality, while maintaining profitable margins. Superior
communication and leadership skills. I am very personable. I love working hands on with people and have worked in various field with customers
Pe ecislniealcamcsiicinMee tea lpeim elect

Line Cook with years of experience in high-pressure culinary environments. Skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently.
Seeking to use culinary skills and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes ina professional, rewarding environment.

Highlights
Ce stan ayeltin
Folieret eat 00)
Strong attention to safe food handling procedures attention to detail Hospitality and service industry background ability to tesla
receive critique fast eamer fast paced environment is ideal ability to delegate strong people person strong communication © Well-tuned
skills open minded .Focused and disciplined. High volume production capability ed
© Focus on
Focus on portion and cost control Perens]
cost contro!
© Inventory
esecatbatls
Seana
schivor anes
line chef

April 2013 to December 2013 Company Name it City , State

Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. Verified proper portion sizes
and consistently attained high food quality standards. Maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends. Led shifts
while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications. Maintained smooth and timely operations in
preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation. Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish,
poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in reffigerator, freezer or cooler. Changed and sanitized all cutting boards,
benches and surfaces when begining a new task to avoid cross-contamination. Cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned
menus, diet plans, recipes, portions, temperature control procedures and facility policies. Positively engaged with customers, offering menu
informtion, providing suggestions and showing genuine appreciation for their business. Practiced safe food handing procedures at all times.
Promptly reported any maintenance and repair issues to Executive Chef Baked consistent quality items by accurately mixing, dividing, shaping and
proofing. Verified freshness of products upon delivery. Accurately and efficiently prepared healthy, delicious fish, meat and vegetabk-based
chess

nres(eatitcg
August 2014 to January 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Siete ee reatocB Os muecS UU BUTE iiaLan

Ground fresh pork and beef. Cut steaks and roast. prepared seafood. preped everything that was meat or chicken or fish to be cooked
Plcee eieune adsl ake

TInplemented and supported company initiatives and programs. Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and
local sanitation and safety requirements. Followed proper food handling methods and mnintained correct terperature ofall food

products. Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team Conducted daily inspections and maintained food
sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports. Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature. Prepared
for each shift by placing a clean cutting board and utensil bath at workstation. Displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and
fellow team members. Validated weights and pricing with a scale printer machine. Diligently enforced proper sanitation practices to prevent the
spoiling or contamination of foods.Prepared a variety of local and seasonal specialties which contributed to a [number] % boost in sales during the
summer months.

Riewpaccera aie

February 2005 to Septerber 2005 Company Name 1% City , State my responsibilities were included but not limited to helping the customer
obtain the automobile that was best suited for their lifestyle needs, and financial obligation. I ensured customer satisfaction and comfortably during
what can be a stressful time.

BCC n ea oaM

January 2003 to October 2003 Company Name 1 City , State Expertly managed number staffand maintained appropriate staffing levels
throughout shifis. Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines. Reduced

food costs by number percent by using seasonal ingredients, setting standards for portion size and minimizing waste. Managed kitchen staff by
recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary. Verified proper
