ENGINEERING LAB TECHNICIAN

[Oouw reels

My main objective in seeking employment with Triumph Actuation Systems Inc. is to work ina professional atmosphere where I can utilize my
skills and continue to gain experience in the aerospace industry to advance in my career.

Professional Experience

Engineering Lab Technician Oct 2016 to Current

Company Name i City , State

« Responsibk for testing various seat structures to meet specific certification requirements. A
© Maintain and calibrate test instruments to ensure testing capabilities are maintained.

© Ensure data is captured and recorded correctly for certification test reports.

* Duties also dynamic test set-up and static suite testing.

Engineering Lab Technician, Sr. Specialist Apr 2012 to Oct 2016
Company Name i City , State

Utilized skills earned from Lab View Course | training to construct and maintain LabView VI programs.

Responsible for fabricating and maintaining hydraulic/ekectrical test equipment to complete development and qualification programs.
Apply engineering principles to operate electrical, mechanical, and hydraulic systems to test pumps, motors, and actuators for aircraft.
Ali ee co AEB coueSiuincone lnm Ble Rona ane Ob nee oBuareelsL aot eculcce om

[Xr sl elatP eosin aciuli ra Seislnecariestn

PCO om Cealoa niacin nuPA ira CR YC cwy.t) Pd
Company Name i City , State

¢ Lead technician overseeing three member crew responsible for maintaining high quality standards in a high volume production environment.
© Responsible for cargo door system actuators for Boeing 787 aircraft.

© Experience with hydraulic components that meet military and FAA regulations.

¢ Work closely with Engineering Group and Quality Assurance inspectors to resolve problems with development actuators.

Munitions Systems Journeyman Mar 2003 to Mar 2007
Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for certifying srmll arms, actuation devices, bombs, rockets and other munitions iterrs.

* Supervised work crews of 3-5 men while supporting USAF aircraft during Operation Enduring Freedom.

¢ Assembled rockets, bombs, and small arms for Operation Enduring Freedom

© Train newly assigned personnel at Line Delivery section on transporting, loading, and delivering mumitions to aircraft.

als

DasyLab, Labview, Mechanical, Electrical, Lean/5S, Hydraulic Testing, Test Stand Fabrication

Education and Training

Associates , Applied Science Electronics Engineering 2011 Forsyth Technical Commumity College 14 City , State Applied Science Electronics
bBluivaa rie

Renee Applied Science, Munitions Systems Technology 2007 Commamity College of the Air Force 4 City , State Applied Science,
Munitions Systems Technology
