EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Professional Summary

SkilledA Maintenance MechanicA Technician with superb problem solving and multi-tasking skills. Selfdirected and motivated worker. To obtain
PPC RU LSM CLO LamIKCUIbAL ewes rralCn Crm Nunes Rt Leen chy asc G cali Raneshiee nina
imilorzectte eR cto aE aecm

als

A: Proficient in the use of PC's, MSA
office, 10key by touch and Customer
Nday sens all cm

FON odie ecnkecic

FO Moen ieee Rant etre Bota
Company goals with excellence, integrity
Binal ara

A- NDT Level II

AA: Knowledge on mechanical, pneumatic
Pree nuecanited erates berg nel cw

A-AA 20 years of Material Management experienceA with State and Federal Government A: 13
years of Law Enforcement experience with the United States Marine Corps and Anny National
errr

A-A Knowledge of mechanical test equipment.

PAN esirorver hatcbsiretermcelarirem rerum cccremneryearratret tacts
layouts and plans, interpretation and application of technical knowledge and understanding of
mechanical theory and principles.

Work History
Equipment Engineering Technician 05/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsibility for designing/selecting robotic systems, run simulation, implementation, commission and programming.

© Support and assist maintenance team in troubleshooting difficult breakdowns and chronic equipment failures.

© Conduct the installation of factory automation and electrical control systems for manufacturing equipment Provide Troubkeshooting of
electrical systerrs in plant manufacturing equipment Provide effective direction, coaching, and OJT to fellow employees on shift to boost
their skill sets, and help Production achieve their goak.

Plan and organize between shift and weekend work, including verification, for smooth operations.

FCOeI eS aa Sem IC Ucie ee ee uh Ce treme ioeed hice eo mtilunbnice) Gelminkoe lis ermelecel teem

Provide shift- to-shift communication in order to keep all associates up to speed and working toward the same goak.

Set an example, and ensure that all associates comply with safety regulations and the plant's safety program

Work with engineers and fellow technicians to resolve technical problems.

Assist in candidate selection as requested.

Maintain departmental records Maintain spare parts inventory.

Identify and order needed parts, maintain tracking system

Ces ritileminiewnorcciuret Galen meaner lnem\y slid iam

Mechanical Technician 04/2013 to 05/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Impkment repair services on all production equipment, auxiliary equipment and building equipment using hand took, testing took, manual
drawings, computer and any other tools necessary to accomplish the task.

Cee gone ced she) moe PSA emiT eee OC CRIS CUL TU Nc Um ecbulUreem wslseliee eesti ket si pe i esR We
PPA ea LeeLee sci Lecce coRUCLNNd OB imel ores niaimclaticcnmeeeleenae

* Ensure conveyor belts working effectively

Operating Engineer / Test Technician 11/2007 to 06/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Operates, repair and maintain Facility/Plant Machinery, Test Equipment, Lubrication and Cooling Systems and High Pressure Systems for
EST CHIN AY hemline

Constructs, modifies, mmintains and services wind and propulsion tunnel research facilities used to test models of aircraft components,
utilizing knowledge of engineering test methods and procedures.

Installs and aligns mechanical hydraulic and pneumatic test equipment and models on support structures.

Installs instrumentation, thermocouples and pressure taps on model and test equipment.

Inspects test setup and operates equipment to detect and correct malfimctions.

Maintains instrumentation equipment and accessories for pressure valves, icing indicators, drive units, spray units, and pumps.

Confers with engineering and other personnel during testing and modifies model, test support structure, or test equipment as directed.
Inspect, test, and install fire sprinkler systems, standpipe systerrs, fire pumps, and ckan agent systerns at various industrial, commercial and
institutional facilities in accordance with various codes.

Perform inspections, test and repair/replace fire hoses and fire hydrants.

Generate reports based on inspection findings.

Logistics Coordinator / Sr. Lab technician 10/2006 to 11/2007
Company Name 4€“ City , State

PREG ohmic seceimicr eRe Nine uiien Stoke coe lel LACM Ne MSNA GKIhe RUT CeTT seemed tise atm
