ENGINEERING OPERATIONS DIRECTOR

Executive Profile

Senior Software Executive Senior Software Executive who is a key contributor to strategic planning and product development. Highly skilled at
creating and implementing key software improvements and process changes by uncovering major process limitations, maximizing profitability,
scalability, and competition in the global marketplace. Accomplishments (over last 15 years +) Reported directly to C-level executives and Board
members, successfilly bridging the gap between the business and Engineering, implementing strategic plans and ensuring that the engineering teams
are aligned to business goals. Agile expert and evangelist, running software development teams for over 17 years and specifically agile software
development for more that 13 years. Reorganized and transitioned many teams and companies to become smooth running agile groups, drastically
reducing delivery issues, making the work very transparent, empowering team members to become self-directed and accountable to their
CS Lacie nanuntan eee Lele ei pene ence Rae Qyccmrol rel kOe urlcesiise an araMd toate RST Neem
Peco be a eC Oa cone Breyaree ib mNbecca Mizar ntaunecne ny movin sume ntlibcsticcs|
company and quickly merged their intellectual property (IP) into the main product line. Advocate for strong Engineering Best Practices, including
design & code reviews, paired programming, unit tests and continuous integration testing through automation. Including, establishing leading and
trailing engineering metrics, which provide strong indicators of product quality and delivery schedule. Managed globally distributed teams ranging
from 15-60 people, with P&L responsibilities between $2M - S6M. Tears have been located in US, Germany, Hungary, Russia, China, and
Non MOON e ACO Nor taleiucsubrcln uct bye tecmuo mine enibinebcinsinccsce obra icenl ey
delivery of business value.

Skill Highlights

Poa Java A Amazon AWS A Hibermte A ysl ae 303 Xt eT Search A: C++ A: JSMVC PO 9 ere HTMLA-
Sry OAT Se OS Oc WU SSO) Soci eR on cre Certs aU Python A- Phabricator A- My/SQL A: AJAX A:
ere ey ORNS ne Or oP CN WON re BNO) Ven coe Caren EP Cae

Professional Experience

Engineering Operations Director

January 2014 to Current Company Name i City , State

* Ahigh growth company, whose suite of services help researchers successfully communicate their work.

© Identified misalignment between technical teams and business, reorganized the technical teams and aligned technical metrics to support
business KPIs, increasing revenue and cost savings.

© Doubled teamto 20 peopl n4 months, by introducing a new improved hiring process that quickly filtered out non-qualified candidates and
pearcaieimerantecceclucebrlen hea te

© Awarded Culture Champion Award.

Director of Software Development
January 2012 to January 2014 Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Anorprofit organization devoted to the advancement and well-being ofdogs.

¢ Tumed around a multiyear software delivery failure, by re-architecting the approach taken, changing the technology used, and transitioning
the team to Agile; putting the software back on budget and on time.

¢ Reduced technical dependency on ok technologies by road mapping out a multiyear strategic technology plan, reducing murber of
technologies used throughout the department by 50%.

¢ Responsibke for web based PCI compliant e-commerce software, connected to an enterprise database.

Chief Operating Officer
January 2010 to January 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

Public safety software and services company focused on enterprise-class software for Fire and EMS Departments.

Impknented a SaaS solution, allowing smmlkr towns and cities the ability to use and integrate with the Fire and EMS software.

Reduced customer's server upgrade time from 4 days to 4 hours.

Removed the requirement, caused by software limitations, that hard mounted mobi computers be removed from fire trucks and brought
into the IT dept for upgrades.

© Reduced a mobik computer's install and upgrade times from 1 day per machine to 2 hours.

Vice President of Engineering
January 2001 to January 2010 Company Name 4 City , State

© Amid-sized 3D software company for creating digital models of physical objects, including both ‘off-the-shelf and customized commercial
Bye belbelicy

WreO NCR ets eel mine ccceSr oe Mosc Cpls Memo cancun tom seca seme Destro com

Grew revenue ftom $0 to over $16M with a CAGR greater than 30% for 6 consecutive years.

Integral in receiving 6 term sheets of similar valuation resulting in $8M in VC funds in 2008.

Expanded company organically from 22 to 110 employees, coordinated effectively with Sales, Product Development, and Marketing teams
to produce globally competitive products.

¢ Conceived ofand implemented critical changes in software architectural designs creating a partner eco- system.

Director of Software Development
January 2000 to January 2001 Company Name 1% City , State
