ENGINEERING SERVICES MANAGER
Executive Profile
A results driven Controls Engineer and Project Manager with over 20 years of experience in manufacturing. Skilled in Industrial Automation and
Process Engineering with a strong mechanical design background. Proven ability to kad and motivate high performance teans. History of building
systems with improved fimctionality and productivity, consistently meeting critical requirements.
Skill Highlights
* Proficient in process engineering and applying process needs to
available technology to improve production availability and
uptine.

* Proficient in process engineering and applying process needs to
available technology to improve production runabiility and uptime.

Professional Experience
Engineering Services Manager 02/2013 14 08/2015 Company Name City , State

« Accountable for maintaining the efficiency and effectiveness ofall production manufacturing processes required to manufacture a high quality
product in a repeatable and cost effective manner and provide overall customer satisfaction.

® Manage all engineering services with provision of all energy sources. Accountable for all mechanical repairs, design and construction within

all departments and the resources engaged in the provision of these services both internal and external.

Support waste water operations by providing advanced troubleshooting on Siemens PLC's. Configured WINCC SCADA system

Ensure that all expenditures both in supplies and staffing are optimized and maintained within budget.

Developed asset management software to track cost, asset history and work order tracking,

Performed advanced troubleshooting and PLC support for all plant equipment.

Electrical Superintendent 05/2008 14 02/2013 Company Na City , State

Primary responsibilities include supervising and coordinating all electrical and instrumentation activities.

Accountable for the proper operation ofall automation and controls on production equipment, power distribution systems, plant
communications (phones, networks) and security systems.

Managed projects for installation of new equipment, from design concept to installation and start up.

Managed large network of Allen-Bradley PLC's, including ControLogix, CompactLogix and micro controllers with FactoryTalk View ME
and SE human machine interfaces.

¢ Managed the installation and startup of several new projects over $1MM: HG Mokenaar cooker/cookr, Buscetto steam peekr, Navatta
steam peeker, Zilli Belli diced tomato fillng Ime.

Performadvanced troubleshooting and PLC support for all plant equipment.

Trained electricians and instrument technicians in advanced VFD troubleshooting and configuration, PLC programming, process control and
applicable regulations including NFPA 70E and NEC codes.

Project Manager 05/2005 1% 05/2008 Company Name City , State

Responsible to review and interpret proposed designs, drawings, and specifications for suitability and initiate revisions where appropriate.
Managed a team of 5 engineers in the design of various machine sections to ensure on-time project completion.

Supervised the mechanical and electrical assembly of equipment to ensure that sections are completed on time and meet customer specs.
Managed cross-fimctional tears to insure on time installation of equipment at customers facilities.

Coordinated with vendors and other contractors to complete equipment installation.

Developed and administered project budgets and fiscal control, contracts, and quality control provisions for projects.

Facility Supervisor 04/2004 4 05/2005 Company Name City , State

Managed the activities of 6 maintenance personnel.

Accountable for projects involving the construction of new buildings and facilities, also the alteration or modification of existing units.
Performed advanced troubleshooting and repairs on production equipment, such as hydraulic presses, autockaves and other equipment used
in composite molding,

Design, layout and installation of industrial automation used in production equipment.

PLC and HMI programming, primarily Allen-Bradley SLC500 platform

Water neU nina ACL anmcao luneliecel By lecam OP R AI LICAL ecm @u i ena N lied Ohms

Tyco purchased the facility in 2001.

Managed the operations and activities of plant maintenance and engineering personnel

Accountable for compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, securing all required permits, and coordinating with

local authorities,

© Maintain a proficiency and applied understanding ofall aspects of plant engineering including: Electrical systems - Circuit planning, Power
distribution, Illumination, Instrumentation and controls, Ekctrical machinery, Codes and standards.

¢ Mechanical Systerrs - HVAC, Pumps piping and plumbing, Compressors and compressed air systerrs, Power transmission, Material
handling and storage, Fire protection, Structural design and analysis, Building and life safety codes.

BEB WElikcrtrecesy orice aol mer eominietircae ra uinecsse Ejnceiied Letm i Alaa ech OCU UOicrLemeniiescatralias acceler

predictive maintenance practices, Maintenance parts and supplies inventory management, Building and grounds, Housekeeping.
