ENGINEERING AND QUALITY TECHNICIAN

Career Overview

A highly experienced skilled graduate with Analytics degree with a very good experience in SAS, Web scraping, SQL, Predictive modelling and
data visualization. Excellent ability in identifying data requirerrents for analysis, data chaning, mumging and model buikding; Ensures the organization
uses it effectively to reach profit and growth objectives. Comfortable with data handling, modeling, and coding, and have an appreciation of what
mmkes sense froma business standpoint. More than six years of experience working as a researcher, data analyst, and environmental science and
Technology Instructor. Experience in SQL, data warehousing, maintaining, securing and stabilizing data layers and testing to identify data and
product defects introduced in the system Customer segmentation, product positioning and mapping and conjoint analysis Modelling: Design and
Ti anonesnstel A elaine recece mandate conliuctiilicnteonmenmenycniok opine as ienilesRocmarareckyitt)
Engineering, Manufacturing, Retailing, Higher Education and IT /Data related companies Fascinated by kaming cutting edge technologies, such as;
Data Mining and Machine Leaming Handkd a team of 4 during my 3 years of Tech experience and managed more than 200 students and
effectively evaluated the performance ofeach student and utilize assessment methods to judge overall progress during my teaching experience.
Qualifications

Ability to identify uncovered informtion from hidden data and convert to a story and commumicate effectively through visualization
Modelling using R, SAS, Python using Pandas

Web scraping using Beautiful soup in Python

Databases like Orack and Microsoft SQL

Experience in ASP.NET 4.5, C##, and HTML,

Statistical software like IMP, SPSS, GIS

Visualization software like Tableau, geplot (R)

Experience in database design for data warehousing environments.

Modelling using Random Forests, Decision Trees, Boosted Trees, etc.

Modelling using shrinkage methods, including Ridge, LASSO and Elastic Net regression models.

Dinension Reduction using PCA

Outlier analysis, Linear Regression, Clustering techniques, logistic regression

Cr ee

Work Experience
01/2013 to 01/2016
POnuircarnee Rell Naeca naan eOon cian CI aL ALO LS AENIEL Cd

Planned, performed and conducted semiconductor production process development and engineering designs as well as managed small
projects and prepared statements and monitored project schedules.

© Identified product defects introduced in data warehouse by performing quality tests using SQL and JMP.

Co-ordinated with scientists, engineers, manager, analysts to understand the impacts due to defects and provided valuable information for
product shipping and customer satisfaction.

Managed multiple tasks and accomplished goals efficiently and per scheduk with a strong work performance to meet the goals of the
Clostcnren la

Monitored and adjusted semiconductor production process or/and equipment for improving quality and productivity and achieved a 10%
higher performance rate for the fiscal year of 2014.

Provided technical support in developing, building and testing prototypes, new products, processes and procedures and provided training
and advice to other Engineering technicians.

Applied database management and data analysis methods which helped enhancing production efficiency and reduced costs for the

CMe NUN a mE RoR Ae en

01/2007 to 01/2012
L@eln srivaNpline

¢ Lecturer in Environmental Science and Technology Effectively engaged in course curriculum development, taught courses and engaged in
resete yrleaee Reo niismcoa ecko per eH RG eM OME uclbecotumenirsesyncn rats

¢ Developed course material that support the goal of the course including design of curriculum and scheduke of instructions, provided student

with guidance in regards to their grades and progress in the course work and elected as best instructor of the College in 2008.

Established a GIS laboratory facility with other staff members, provided technical support for environmental remediation projects and for

Pou Babin

Used SQL and SPSS for managing student database and for analysis of data.

01/2004 to 01/2006
Company Name

¢ Assistant Lecturer in Natural resource managerrent Assisted in teaching, researching and developing methods which helps in improving both
the university and students' performance.

¢ Highly engaged in curricular and extra-curricular activities and community services.

¢ Established and coordinated nature and environmental protection club in the university.

Pt aca cups Minato cee ouiiieteaiiaeecaehonlpesareny as ued scene Rrndanieiec laze srecolinecsinsleatzanranaayg

preparing teaching materials, handouts and laboratory manuals.

Engaged in major research projects of resources management which was undertaken in collaboration with Universities, NGOs, and

engineering consulting companies.
