ENGINEERING MANAGER

Professional Summary

Experienced product development Engineer and manager able to collaborate with cross fictional team as well as customers and sales to bring
brand new offerings to new markets. Skilled at managing cross fictional team for continuous improverents and meeting project deadlines.

Offering 6 years of experience in the field.
Skills
* Microsoft Office © Develop drug
CMa erecoisuceicas * Functional
Cie ycxtibagecneesnand Cami e
* Quilty Cie ss0)
© Research © Leadership
© Six Sigma Green Belt © Market and development
Cae Mona Caborca eine
© Visio * Microsoft Project
Cee geeretrive)i| ¢ Personnel management
© Personnel management © Design process
© Critical thinking skills « Product development
Ce tottisiscnurs ¢ Product management
Carats ae ds) 0) * Quality
Cr akeon nd « Researching
Cements © Research
CPE Oesas als * Saks
© Critical thinking CSD ty(3184)
© Designing * Solid Works
« Dialysis Came Keiibrrsatcony snd
Cae Beaton) CEA lcestcen|
Work History
Engineering Manager , 03/2018 to Current
lena El CG

Sector psbeniMtednd gles rem Sie mean eCr oR eoRininncMs leer eviem ened Lace

Assess testing gaps of legacy products and design creep.

Experienced in working with multiple departments.

Experienced in training and Ieading engineers in order to investigate fickl complaints, Gap analysis and building Technical files/DHF.
Experienced in leading team of engineers to lead all aspects of design process, including regulatory needs per market and development per
design control.

Tasked to create test plan and analysis of existing Class I, II and III products and Testing per latest applicable requirements.

Trained team in conducting project related cost analysis, test gap analysis and researching ISO/EN ISO/ASTM requirements.

Leading companywide EU MDR product transfer and testing on Infision products, Dialysis products and standalone products.

Provided technical direction on MDR and 510k related projects and initiatives to other engineers and technicians.

Project Engineer II, 03/2017 to 03/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Working with product management, Clinical Analyst, sales, and regulatory to determine optimal design inputs for new products.

* Completed design transfer and attained 510k on Chss IIb device in under year.

Lead cross fimctional team including consulting agency in order to Develop drug device combination product and research optimal process
using DOE in order for mass production.

Leading all aspects of design control from designing on solid works to process validations and V&V Testing.

Analyzing and resolving field failures through investigation and testing.

Experienced in working with international regulatory teams in providing information for foreign registration.

Responsible for gap analysis and test planning in order to create and meet deadline for projects.

Experienced with reviewing and approving validation activities as well as provide support to staff to achieve project milestones.
Experienced working with cross fimetional teams to complete projects and tasks.

Engineer I , 06/2013 to 03/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Worked to bring Drug Device Combination product to mass production.
© Completed new Chass Ila product and completed project in 10 months.

* Completing CAPAs and resolving field failures by research and testing.

¢ Developed new testing methods and designed tooling for new testing,

© Experienced in using Injection Molding Machine to Create and Test Prototypes.
* Found cheaper and more responsible vendor for MRI related testing.
