ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Urofecroral bien
Seeking a Position of Engineering Technician. SUMMARY of Qualifications. Fifteen years of R&D hb support. Troubleshoot and debug system
to component level. Ten years of test lab setup and test equipment configuration. Over ten years of quality analys/Inspections. PC board rework
(fine pitch and through hole soklering) Test plan and test case development. Validation and regression tests execution and documentation.
Complex system troubkshooting, Results-driven and focused Engineering Technician who prioritizes safety, cost-effective solutions and exceeding
roa menwedrlveicy
Nas
¢ Exceptional time management

ey artbemlenalias

Root cause analysis

Technical plan execution aptitude

: Strong leader
¢ Highly dependable
J

Manufacturing process controls
Proficient in SolidWorks
Bees

Detail-oriented
Product improverrent

Work History
11/2012 to Current
Engineering Technician Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Conpkted projects by effectively applying engincering, technical and maintenance procedures.

Used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multimeters, waveform generators and spectrum analyzers.
He) eV res B rca neiecOrainees coc pee obeave ene Bre eceiiiiaere)iinem

Improved product quality by customizing tools and elaninating variability.

itaoeReon cum BnCLCONe De Uiace CMe anced acersecmuilninai’

Followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problems.

01/2009 to 10/2012
Quality Analyst/Document Control Specialist Company Name a€“ City , State

Collaborated with engineers at the new product introduction phase to develop and verify design changes.

Improved product quality by customizing tools and elirinating variability.

I HitloemeeU MMU RLC ener eP ieee anced enciiscMNuuni Lars

Followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problems.

Conducted engineering and detailed experimental tests to collect design data and assist in research work.

Used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multi-meters, waveform generators and spectrum analyzers.
eames Lemesuctimpemuatomanunltecuut ice ora lcanvomce i eonurcaricg yc)ce acces

11/2007 to 01/2009
IT Associate Company Name a€“ City , State

Configure and test computer components on windows XP and Vista OS.

Install patches and virus protection software.

Migration of kegacy system to htest technology.

NT eco Eco rns cco) eset enecsn iio

Report bugs into bug database, track bug progress and verify bug fixes.

Create, modify and execute test cases to qualify releases on multiple servers and phtforms.

Set up individual users with common resources ie. network printers.

Work closely with software, hardware engineers and QA team menbers to identify bugs, report and resolve technical issues.

Cr eT

TUR OME IZAUtY
Test Technician Company Name a€* City , State

Unit test of individual components.

Work closely with developers to investigate and resolve technical issues.

Setup, Configure and execute system and performance tests.

Qualification and Regression tests Verification of bug fixes/resolution.

Report probkms in the bug tracking system.

Compiled data and generated graphs to interpret results and suggest key operational improverments.
Followed verbal instructions and hand sketches to adapt and modify tooling,

Collaborated with engineers at the new product introduction phase to develop and verify design changes.

CO PLU ULL T elite)
Computer/Network Instructor Company Name a€“ City , State

© Buiki computer networks (exp.
© Peer-to-peer, client server) Setup different types of network Protocols and their usage.
