ENGINEERING INTERN

Summary

looking for an opportunity as an engineer or related position which offers key participation, team-oriented tasks, immediate challenges and career
Opportunities in a reputed organization which will help me deliver my best and upgrade my skills in engineering and meet the demands of the
organization. To utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best performance in the organization. I would like to
implement my innovative ideas, skills and creativity for accomplishing projects.

alg

Know-your-consumer (KYC)
Statistical process contro!
[Oral tomer elena
Systems Engineering

Systems Engineering management
Software systems engineering
Quality control

Saati tineestslincic}

Ben ceudeuariteicwcces al
MS Office

Auto CAD

schivor anes
USPC ECR C)
Engineering Intem Company Name

Develop, evaluate, document, and advance manufacturing methods and processes through Lean techniques and Kaizen Events.

Analyse production byouts, designing and implementing efficiency and quality improvement projects across production lines.

Collaborate with administrative and financial tears to establish viable support of safety standards.

Provide ongoing production support and troubleshooting.

Noticeable Contribution: Prepared report on project status for management, conceptual design as well as process development Monitored
production tables, studied industry engineering specifications to obtain knowledge of production methods and techniques.

Directed workers involved in different operations such as: product measurement, inspection and testing activities to ensure quality and
Feo-sl slung

Engineering Intem Company Name

Installed, maintained, and operated mining and oil field equipment.

Designed and implemented environmental controls on oil and gas operations.

Yrecen le R lnc wm leem tin vaniag

Trained in hydraulic fracturing and acid treatment Noticeable Contribution: I was involved ina multidisciplinary team for reservoir simulation
Bivekeaty een an a

The responsibilities included: running routine and special core analysis on different reservoir core samples, reservoir characterizations, and
Frccoavoyimsinn Ns1Leia

This project gave me exposure to the following: refining process working of crude distillation units hydro-cracker unit fluid catalytic cracking
unit continuous catalytic reforming unit visbreaker unit isomerisation unit diesel hydro -desulphurisation unit.

Projects: NATURAL AND ESSENTIAL OILS PVT LTD.

Performed the extraction of essential oils from flower called tuberose and convert it to the desired product using an Rota-vapour distillation
apparatus, and a full scale quality analysis was carried out in the ab which included the GCMS (gas chromatography mass spectrometer.
Noticeable Contribution: Calculated production accuracy, yield and testing equipment to propose corrective actions.

Employed statistics to analyze manufacturing vs.

requirements and suggest improverrents.

Prepared work plans and forecast of production/‘industrial equipment for management reviews and control

Monitored and organized workflow schedules according to manufacturing sequences and standard lead time of production operations.

Company Name

Performed extraction using sub-critical Carbon-di-oxide for the extraction of Nutraceuticals where I worked ina team of four under
Mr.R Senthil Kumar ( Professor, Sastra university).

We developed our own process design to extract nutraceuticals ina more efficient way with better purity.

T experienced a research hb first hand and had the opportunity to work in close quarters with eminent people from the industry Noticeable
Contributions: Developed accurate, operations-wide measurement standards to increase production, minimize nor-value-added time, and
reduce cost.

Monitored and analyzed workflow, processes, procedures, and line activities, identifying and resolving bottlenecks to maximize efficiency.
Created cost models to support customer proposals and cost reduction initiatives.

Served on quality assurance team, developing guidelines and procedures to improve standards and performance.

Developed documentation system to ensure accurate, timely updates.

Company Name
