ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN

Highlights

ORC foeriuicacy cM Larece i <O)iLeom Oli Lee amare’

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Engineering Technician 01/2014 to Current

Ps \ZeCOMPnranelheMoRcciucmeeucan ei eeceies ion

Use MS Excel and PowerPoint to create presentations and spreadsheets.

Engage engineering to resolve production issues.

Create and maintain production training certifications.

Generate training matrix to determine and eliminate training gaps.

Conduct weekly safety audits to reduce accidents and ensure safe workplace.

Use Oracke to track material transactions, verify vendor and mterial information, and print transfer orders.
Point of contact for Vendor, OSSR, PM, Buyer, Planner and Manager for many part issues.

Initiate stock purge of suspected discrepant material and coordinate the inspection and disposition of the material.
Manage weekly MRB meetings and provide weekly DMR disposition metrics.

Work with suppliers to resolve issues with parts found on the manufacturing floor.

Effectively manage all DMR/RTS material initiated by test, remotes and build activities.

Support the "TXZ cover recycle" effort through SR initiation and material preparation for shipment to Japan.

Company Name City , State Consultant 12/2012

¢ Analyzed and determined factors affecting networking needs including hardware and attenuation/interference.
* Set up dual network infrastructure utilizing both wired and wireless routers.
¢ Austin Free-Net Dec 2012.

Assist in the design of deployment server for the distribution of updates to various computer labs.

Company Name City , State Engineering Technician 01/2011 to 12/2013

© Maintain documentation and records.

Ps \ZeCOMPnranelheMoRcciucmeeucan ei eeceies ion

Managed incoming product and shipping process.

Assist Manufacturing Engineering team on new product production and quality procedures.
Review production orders and provide updates to ensure production accuracy.

Company Name City , State Manufacturing Lead 07/2004 to 12/2010

Analyzed production orders and schedules to ascertain types, quantities and specifications.

Planned production operations, establishing priorities and sequences.

Utilized Microsoft Office to document and update status reports.

Analyzed production reports and resolved operational and manufacturing problems to ensure scheduling needs.
Provided training, supervision and logistics coordination.

Maintain training certification and documentation.

Aligned internal resources to achieve on-time and budget performance objectives.

Analyzed reports and consulted with quality, management, and engineering personnel to solve probknvs.
Interface with customer to monitor project progress and cost.

Assisted in administration of software database.

nie ben Rea recae La tate

Assisted in implementing production software in a high volume manuficturing environment.

[OX eorcehislom ese Marc CeeTue mina ea este

brairestbeny

Business Administration 2019 University of Phoenix Texas Business Administration

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Information Systems Security Association (ISSA)

als

budget, hardware, network systems, database, Dec, documentation, inspection, logistics, meetings, MS Excel, Microsoft Office, Outlook,
PowerPoint, network, networking, Operating Systems, Orack, personnel, presentations, progress, quality, Maintain documentation, routers,
safety, scheduling, shipping, spreadsheets, supervision
