SELF-SUSTAINING ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Summary
Versatile Self Sustaining Engineering Fabrication Technician adept at managing projects and resolving issues as well as hardware troubleshooting.
Highly effective at working independently and as part ofa team Recently worked in Diffusion Furnace whik making 300mm Wafers. Previously
worked in Wet Etch and Phsim Asher while making 200mm and transitioning into the 300mm Wafers. I have an impressive blend of technical
expertise and peopk skills. Committed to providing quality and consistent technical support.

schivor anes

WUE etavang

SelfSustaining Engineering Technician Company Name it City , State

© Diffusion Fabrication Technician currently making 300mm wafers.

PeUke renin bined

Run operational tests on systems and equipment to reinforce proper processes and remedy mualfimctions.
Rotating Area Coordinator which includes distributing work schedules to other technicians.

Plasma Asher as well as Wet Etch Fabrication Technician making 200mm and then 300mm Wafers.
Lead Level 3 Maintenance Technician and Level 2 Process Technician.

Helped create Level 3 Maintenance training classes to ensure proper training is accomplished.

© Former Menber of the Fab Emergency Response Team

08/1999 to 09/1999
Production Technician Company Name 14 City , State

Built and tested Ultrasonic Bio microscope and other eye care products from start to finish by inspecting and testing,
circuit boards and building the product.

Involved in the improving and implementing test procedures for all circuit boards.

to imsure they run properly.

08/1998 to 08/1999
Ekctronic Technician Company Narre 1% City , State

* Troubleshooting and repair of 100 modems per night on average.
¢ Helped run other areas of the fabrication Ime when needed.

brairestbeny

2000

Bachelor of Science : Electronic Engineering Electronics Engineering Field ITT Techinical Institute it City , State GPA: GPA: 8 Ekctronic
Engineering Electronics Engineering Field

als

Excellent communication, inspecting, Team Lead, modems, processes, Scheduling, Technician, Trainer, Troubleshooting
