PROCESS ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN III
Accomplishments

Pharmacy Exenptee Certificate (Skill Path.

Mountain View, CA); Yellow Belt Process Excellence (ALZA Comp.
Redwood City, CA); Fundamentals of Pharmceutical cGMPs (ALZA Corp.
Mountain View, CA); HAZMAT Industrial Technician Certificate (ALZA Corp.
Palo Alto, CA); First Site Supervisor (Skill Path.

Sunnyvak, CA); Supervising for Safety (ALZA Corp.

Mountain View, CA); Training the Trainer (ALZA Corp.

Mountain View, CA); How to Be a Better Commumicator (Skill Path.
Sunnyvak, CA); ISO 9001 (ALZA Corp.

Redwood City, CA); ISO 14001 (ALZA Corp.

Menlo Park, CA); Excellng at Managing and Supervising (Skill Path.

San Jose, CA); ERT Membership (ALZA Corp.

Palo Alto, CA);.

Professional Experience
AAs aAll eC RGnnena@eniannine

© Responsible for an engineering/supervisory position to accomodate technical support in a.
CB Usiamisee(lalenbinlcta acon

CB rieicanenaralricacniinameearetaetlien cases

* analysis, budget estinntion, stablishment of computer based archive and lean production.
aa LS

Process Engineering Technician III
January 2005 to January 2006 Company Nam - City , State

© Engineering technician in the process-engineering arm of the Oral Products R&D group at ALZA Comoration; Hands-on experience in key
pharmaceutical unit operations including millmg, blending, fluid bed granulation, aqueous and solvent-based coating, hser drilling, and drying;
Participated in product development activities Including scale-up experiments and manufacturing of clinical and registration stability supplies;
Participated in early formulation development studies as well as late stage large scale pre-validation lots, Participated in manufacturing
clmical batches with strict CGMP compliance; Performed all related tasks including ordering materials, setting-up equipment, preparing and
completing documentation; and training operators; Performed in- process and other characterization testing with limited data analysis and
presentation; Authored multiple technical protocols and reports; Completed experimental and clinical batches in the commercial
manufacturing facility at Vacaville as a part of the satellite R&D group; Assignments involved direct communication and cooperation with
quality assurance, formulation, analytical and pilot plant manufacturing groups.

Process Engineer and Manufacturing Staff
January 2001 to January 2005 Company Nam - City , State

Assisted in process development and commercial manufacturing of transdermal products;.

© Utilized existing and modified equipment in Mixing, Coating Jaminating and pouching;.

© Revised manufacturing related documentation such as Standard Operational Procedures (SOPs).
© and work instructions (WI).

Production kad / Process Operator
June 1999 to October 1999

© Supervised manufacturing group and operated various equipment for producing transdermal contraceptive products in compliance with
cGMP regulations, Participated in process development and process excellence projects, Operated multi-coater/dryer amination machines
with various line speed, temperature and air flows; Tasks assigned included general trouble shooting, training associates on equipment
operation and proper documentation with strict adherence to CGMP compliance, Managed shift production planning and time management;
Participated in process improvernent and waste reduction projects resulting in increasing production up to 5% for cach production lot;
Participated in deviation root cause analysis and technical support, Participated in Process Qualification PQ) and Process Validation (PV)
following the related protocols; Participated in Green Belt projects including waste reduction, reduction of production lot tum-around tire,
and over time reduction; Oil and Natural Gas Research Institute Worked on drilling and production platfonrs, assignments included
analyzing sedimentary layers by shallow coring and determination of geological and cherrical structure of the layers, providing technical
reports on laboratory results.

© Worked onan exploratory drilling site located in mountainous region of northem Anatolia.

* Analyzing wastewater and handling hazardous mterial, providing graphs and related charts.

als

Pe) ou Nc LUme Ome Meee omc nl icm esi aiclleMmce Han aiaycenlelmocliet Muni Maca es corm NAc Lecce
Oil, PQ, process development, process development, process-engineering, process improverment, product development, producing, protocols,
quality assurance, Research, staffing, supervisory, technical support, technician, time managerrent, trouble shooting, Validation, waste reduction
