ENGINEERING ASSISTANT
Career Focus

My fill name is Kailie Marie Mahea'lani Graciidis. I aman ambitious 20 year old and also a part-time student at Bellewue College. I have a desire
to work in the ocean one day and to also manage my own online company, but have yet to choose the right major(s) towards those goab.

Sumnnry of Skils
* Ability to make decisions and solve problems : aia
* Ability to work ina team structure ener er
Cer a\ienbonkonsierl is
Peel atretce| . po aaa ski
Dmendiomnmisar’ : ee
¢ Dependable ee ;
Paap ror etl ° eld Wn gos cANibie lines)
ene , Rane rere eanenetl boty
ca]
, aera Ce bnvesiiaisicaneang
¢ Friendly © Very organized & energetic
Pa Ge ie stiomietacn’
schivor anes
CU CSPAO UA OLN PAU EC}

Engineering assistant Company Name i% City , State

At Stanbury Electrical Engineering, we built and repaired chargers for forklifts.

Every two weeks, new shipments came in with new and old chargers that we were to repair and put together before the next shipment came
in.

Below are some details on my position at Stanbury Electrical Engineering,

Typed and organized the binders stating everything there is to know about the chargers for meetings with potential buyers.
Patiently and carefully put the "stickers" together through the sticker process.

Stickers” meaning the logo for the chargers.

Then, I lined up the stickers once they were completed and gently put it on the charger itsel£

Rendered technical drawings and electrical systems specifications that exceeded company standards.

Monitored the manufacture of electrical devices and operations to ensure compliance with safety protocols.

Wrote protocols, qualification docurrents, test plans and test reports for quality assurance purposes.

Continually improved methods and procedures for processes, measurement, documenting work and techniques.

08/2013 to 11/2013

Receptionist Company Name 1% City , State

© Receptionist 4€* Took calls, wrote down appointments etc.
* Cleaned a€“ Floors, glass cases, windows, machinery, vacuumed.

© Organized mkeup/hair display.

© Test-dunmy for spa-related activities (Facials/mails)

SUC SORA C
Receptionist Company Name 14 City , State

Took calls, wrote down appointrents etc.

Cleaned - Floors, giss cases, windows, machinery, vacuumed.

Organized makeup/hair display.

Test-dumy for spa-related activities (Facials/mils) BigFoot Java (24 hours I took on the rok as both a nonmal Barista (4anr-10am, 10am-
4pm, 4pn+ 10pm), as well as the Graveyard Barista (10pn+4am).

Pulled doubks, triples, and once an accidental 24 hour shift.

Made high-quality beverages while also served out Bigfoot merclyfood/guny and cigarettes.

Quickly and efficiently rang up sales Neatly stocked and organized the merchandise -that included the window display.

Greeted and talked to every customer, nade sure they were happy by the end of their visit.

Tried my best to remember each customers drink, so whenever there was a big line, I was able to have their drink ready by the time they
mndc it to the window.

Counted all the supplies in the store every day at the beginning of my shift to ensure nothing was missing or miscounted.

Took Costco orders when they delivered more food/drink supplies.

Covered emergency-shifis when someone was unable to make it in the stand that day.

Trained new Baristas ifneeded.

01/2015 to 06/2015
Company Name
