CLINICAL ENGINEERING MANAGER
Summary

Aaccomplished clinical engineering manager with more than 12 years of training and experience I kad clinical engineering directives to provide
superior customer service and operational efficiency.

Thave a proven track record managing the execution of the medical equipment management plan at various health facilities in the West Virginia
fou elise ies

T posses exceptional team building and leadership skills. Customer focused with proven skills in interpersonal relations, negotiation, and written and
verbal communications.

Developed and provided informative written reports for administration on regulatory compliance, cost savings, contract administration, strategic
pknning, and process improvement.

With focus on regulatory compliance of the medical equipment plan I consistently keep updated on requirements from TJC, CMS, NFPA and
other governmental agencies, with a proven track record of no written recommendations from regulatory inspections.

schivor anes
Cotes Boren connea ola mom ean OR INIA CRG na Ni iibed Oly mms

Manager of Clinical Biomedical Service, Inc. Responsible for the medical equipment management plans of hospitals and medical facilities in West
Virgnia.

Responsible for all company budgets, project estimates, salaries, evaluations, personnel recruitment, hiring, training and dismissal.
Trained and supervised employees in performing electrical safety procedures, repair service and preventive maintenance of medical equipment.

Proficient at medical equipment compliance and risk managerrent by developing and implementing polices according to agency standards like TJC,
CHS, NFPA, OHFLAC.

Project manager on new and expanded installations of medical equipment systems at various medical facilities.

Seated member of hospital safety committees to assist in providing recommendations and informtion on medical equipment management,
equipment evaluation and selection, potential safety issues, national safety alerts from manufacturers or federal agencies.

Trmaging Service Engineer 06/2012 to 06/2014 Company Nam City , State

Managed repair service and preventive maintenance of over $8 million in different modalities of medical imaging and biomedical equipment at two
hospitals in southern West Virginia and castem Kentucky.

Provided excellent customer relationships through ownership of the accounts, follow-up communication and good technical skills.

Performed installations and managed LAN and WLAN serverAvorkstations on different systems used in the diagnostic monitoring of the patients’
physiological parameters.

Tnstalled and maintained the DICOM protocol connections to TCP/IP ports for multiple modalities of medical imaging systems including the RIS
BI OA NOE Sette at lsliV anes eli] BHA uiUccN

Tnmging Service Engineer 08/2007 to 10/2009 Company Nan City , State
Installed and performed repair service and preventive maintenance on over $10 milion of CT, MRI and Nuckar Medicine systems in inventory.
Established excellent customer relationships through ownership of the accounts, follow-up communication and good technical skills.

Tnstalled and maintained DICOM protocol connections to TCP/IP ports for multiple modalities of medical imaging systerns including the RIS and
PAC systems at many hospital facilities.

Biomedical Equipment Technician II 02/1980 to 06/1996 Company Name City , State

Provided repair service, preventive maintenance and electrical safety for over 250 different modalities of medical equipment, physiological
monitoring systems and medical treatment devices.

Coordinated scheduled preventive maintenance work orders to be distributed to the biomedical technicians and developed pm completion reports
om iatseaen ae

Managed server/vorkstations, LAN and WLAN on different systems used in the diagnostic monitoring of the patients’ physiological parameters.
