MULTI-SKILLED ENGINEERING MANAGER
Qualifications

Microsoft Project

Microsoft Office

Microsoft Visio

IBM Rationale DOORS
Communication/Presentations
eaves

Process Improvenent
CMPro

schivor anes
Mutt-Skilled Engineering Manager 03/2015 to Current
Company Name City , State

Graduate of Boeing's GS&S Emerging Leadership Development Program

Selected to participate in Boeing's Systems Engineering Leadership Program

Tested and implemented first time quality metrics across Boeing's GS&S division.

Recognized as a Technical Lead Engineer within the Hardware Engineering Integrated Product Team (IPT).

Led a hardware team through the successful development and delivery of multiple F-15 training systems to customers including the United
States, Korea, Singapore and Saudi Arabia.

Manage a team of sixteen electrical and mechanical engineers who are responsible for the design and development of high fidelity training
devices for the US Navy, Royal Australian Air Foree and NASA.

‘These devices include the P-8A, F-22 and the CST-100 Starliner.

© Lead multiple initiatives with a goal of continuous improvement.

These initiatives have included a thirty-five percent reduction in the electrical engineering cost estimating relationship, simplifying the retrofit
process, modifying the peer review process, implementing Design To Value and focusing on first time quality.

Work with engincers on my team to aid them in their career development by providing them opportunities with increased responsibility.
Responsible for stafling projects in work and new projects as they are awarded.

Develop project schedules and monitor performance using Eamed Value Management (EVM).

Manage communication between multiple teams including systems engineering, procurement, manufacturing and software engineering.

Lead Systems Engineer 08/2008 to 03/2015

* Led a multi-fimctional team in the development of hardware systems to support military, space capsule and commercial flight simulators.

Performed project management tasks such as working with the customer to define the scope of the project, developing project scheduks,
generating stafling profiles, and monitoring the project with EVM.

Supported technical proposals by defining hardware solutions, developing project scheduks, assisting in the creation ofa Work Breakdown
Structure, producing the Bill of Materials and providing hardware hbor estimtes.

Served as the technical point of contact for multi-fimction teams including electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, software
engineering, procurement and manufacturing,

Presented technical solutions and project status to senior management and customers.

Lead Ekctrical Engineer 05/2005 to 08/2008
Company Name City , State

Led electrical engineering for the design, development, manufacturing and delivery often military flight simulators for the US Air Force and
two flight simulators for Singapore.

Team was abk to complete electrical engineering tasks ahead of schedule and under budget.

Initiated the lean practice of performing hardware checkout in the final phase of manufacturing instead of waiting for manufacturing tumover.
This practice resulted in a schedule savings of three weeks per flight simulator.

Validated electrical engineering drawings met the requirements and were compliant with our drawing standards.

Supervised the installation of numerous flight simulators throughout the United States, United Kingdom and South Korea.

Ekctrical Engineer 11/2001 to 05/2005

Designed electrical systems to be integrated in military flight simulators.

These systems included AC/DC power distribution, video distribution, control loaders and communication systems.

Designed wire hamesses for military flight simulators.

This effort consisted of specifying the components, wire and connector sizing, and interfaces.

Developed design specifications, schenntics and assembly drawings for the manufacturing of miliary flight simulators.

OVecPne ious bcattcsecualenai sie ere ech ge cee luna lem cee nenelioatticaeroctneegranetll
computers.

Initiated the trade study to utilize commercially available uninterruptible power supplies instead of custom designed power distribution
systems to provide power to simuhtors.

Resulted in a cost savings of $150,000 per training facility.
