ENGINEERING MANAGER/QUALITY MANAGER
Profile

Results driven Mechanical Engineer with excellent technical, analytical, and communication skills. A record of positive achievement demonstrated
by extensive participation and leadership in Manufacturing Engineering, Engineering Management, and Production Management projects.
Additional experience in design, marketing and manufacturing support for fabricated metal products used for polymer filtration, turbine engine gas
Poll meh Peiciea Peli lRie ecm emi ate e Gt U Beh O wor eLceb iis iouraad eur eiremrnaneiartini
supervision for metallic brush seals used in gas and steam turbine engines. Seven years experience in Design and Manuficturing Engineering of
aerospace and industrial acoustic products. Developed process for electrolytic nickel plating and brazing components used for semi-conductor
bases. Justified, specified, developed layout and supervised construction ofa 20,000 square foot metal working plant used for manufacturing semi-
conductor bases. Developed manufacturing process for turbine engine abradabke air seals. Justified, specified and supervised installation and start
up of machine tools, firmaces, wekling equipment, and adhesive bonding equipment used to manufacture turbine engine compressor shrouds and
min engine and auxiliary power unit acoustic treatments. Designed proprietary equipment for use in manufacturing porous metal fiber media used
in filtration, acoustic, thermal barrier and air seal applications. Oversaw impkirentation of AS9100 and ISO9001 Quality Management Systerns.
Managed relocated product distribution activities from New York to Florida.

Areas of Expertise
© Project Management Ce Gescbecen)
© Quality Managerent System Impkerentation © Process development and documentation
© Production and Engineering Management © Process improvement/simplification
CMniguatseieng © Source evaluation and selection

Professional Experience
Engineering Manager/Quality Manager
May 2000 to December 2015 Company Name - City, State

¢ Design, build, and test acoustic silencers for industrial and aerospace applications.

© Provide noise control analysis, recommend mnterials and noise control solutions.

* Provide other technical analysis as needed to support sales and marketing.

¢ Provide sales support for other electrical and mechanical devices distributed by Allied International.
© Responsible for all shop and office fimctions at the DeLand, FL facility.

* Responsible for Allied's Quality Management and Quality Control activities.

Manufacturing Engineer Project Engineer, Sales Engineer Product Development Engineer, and Manufacturing Engineering Manager
April 1980 to May 2000 Company Name - City , State

© Managed a staffofup to 12 manufacturing engineers and technicians.

Department responsibilities included development and docurrentation of all manufacturing and inspection processes, vendor selection,
product cost estimating, equipment justification, design and installation, tool and fixture design, and facility planning.

© Member of the Technetics Quality Council, Material Review Board, and Management Corrective Action Board.

© Chairman of the Statistical Process Control Committee.

* Supervised development of manufacturing capabilities for machining, welding, brazing, heat treating, metal plating, adhesive bonding, and
plasim spraying in compliance with a wide variety of commercial, aerospace, and government requirements.

Worked with equipment and service suppliers to develop new manufacturing processes for brush seals and other new products.

© Supervised scheduling and daily activities of employees in the machine shop, seal ring, and brush seal manufacturing cells.

Provided designs and/or provided customers with design assistance for sintered metal fibers used for abradable turbine engine seals,
acoustic treatments, thermal barriers, high temperature gaskets, and compliant spacers.

Collected and analyzed data for statistical process control and improvement.

Audited systerns and processes for ISO 9000 compliance.

Developed operator and equipment test procedures for special process qualifications.

Justified and supervised installation of in-house CAD/CAM capabilities.

Managed an 18 month Just In Tire implementation project with assistance froma team ftom Arthur Anderson Consultants.

This project was successfill in reducing product lead times and work in process inventory by over 25% for stainless steel filter clement
Feralarnieice teas om

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Science : Mechanical Engineering , 1978 Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology - City , State, USA

Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, - Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Additional management and business training at Stetson
Oi eiNe rem Suri eae ec Cees

als
iver eren VALCO APE ec SO iieme acre lcs dunyccitce
1SO9001 and AS9100 auditing,
