ENGINEERING ASSOCIATE

Profile

Teanroriented Engineering Associate with over 8 years experience designing, developing, maintaining, and testing electro-mechanical systems.
Skills

Exctro-mechanical design JMP

Microsoft Visual Basic Microsoft Excel

Vision system programming Microsoft power point

Ekctronic computer systems Microsoft Visio

Diao unease en LaCie Gira lnec) os

Strong presentation skills Adaptable

Process improverrent Ekctrical Troubleshooting Tools

Team player Ability to read schematics

Mechanical design/implermentation Ability to write and read wiring diagram

Ce ee ee er

Accomplishments

¢ Bronze medal in Skills USA for robotics and automation Statistical Analysis Performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in
sound recommendations that were adopted by departrrent.

Product Improvenent Worked with R&D and LOB to modify and improve overall product performance.

Eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments.

Testing, Evaluation and Analysis: Tested equipment to ensure compliance.

Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption ofnew cost-saving equipment.

AutoCad Software Utilization Helped produced drawings and muintained, archived and retrieved CAD files and drawing documents for the
compketion of four commercial projects.

Presentations Created presentation to IDEXX Technical Review Board for product changes and improvements Produced traning power
points to train field support Project Management Lead and leadership rolls in multiple 5X projects on multiple instrument Platforms Lead on
multiple product changes and obsokesces of products Managed internal and Supplier eflorts in product defects and resolutions Keep tight
project road maps including schedualing and status updates on projects Customer Interface Meet with customers to help relieve customer
dissatisfaction, gain more knowledge of products used in the field, help provide system reliability and performance.

© Perform Site servays in reguards with electrical compentency.

New Product Development Lead Product support engineer full X-ray product line Designed and developed and sourced EliteVison
avltcunekeonae

Useecte ral poxecr ans)
Engineering Associate 05/2008 to Current Company Name City , State

Started as an instrument Tech on the Manufacturing floor responsible for buikding and servicing Catalyst DX.

Worked as a stand in technical lead for a few months.

Moved to Catalyst Pilot Ine in 2011.

Was responsibk for lab maintenance, Instrument software testing, validation of new components, and extended instrument field fail tage.
In the fall of 2013 I started working under an Engineer for the Digital Radiography department.

Ecc Soe ues olin nemo crates UPLerl uel ebralricacuylice Cian ceeCn om Como caret masa tii
findings.

Oliroaccouesolibes rae ox ii) oenclen trea cnnom ab Biciacrncbtebiraiszenr as

I work with suppliers and customers ona regular basis.

I work ina large cross fimctional group daily.

Eee ccmce Oran nenn i eusnslamencs oe COS CBD ienciunance le 1D eG

EBC ANU nen nnn ree annum Cete

I have had the opportunity to design multiple components and test fixtures from ekctrical test boxes to metal inspection jugs and composite
oa ake s

¢ Inaddition, I amresponsible for all obsolesces and validation testing,

OEr Meuse eave ener Kote tusiamn eb lackica sieey Oncmnelneinceiciomircorilenl mys Eo cote 0 Os DO
troubleshooting,

In this position I oversee work from technicians and interms working on and assisting with various projects.

ee ee

e

Ekctrical Technician and Mechanist 02/2007 to 03/2008 Company Name City , State

e

Resolved part and assembly discrepancies.Collborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client
projects. Designed brackets and custom frame work for automated machines.

Prepared accurate specifications for purchase of mterials and equipment for purchasing departirent. Debugged and troubleshot complex
analog, digital, and RF circuits.

Worked with and troubleshooted Progranmabk Logic Controllers (PLC) and assembly lines to maintain productivity.on the autormted
Pista noR MeO CES

assembkd complex eketrical circuits both AC and DC.

ANU LeU kecn eng NLS eEST
