ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGER III
Summary
Results- focused, safety conscientious team leader/player with more than 15 years of successfiil experience in the aviation industry as Field
Engineer, Maintenance Support Engineer, A&P Mechanic, and Avionics Technician on various types of rotary and fixed wing aircraft.
Experienced in all phases of commercial and military aviation maintenance, aviation business, engineering, logistics, support, and supply. Analytical
& Troubleshooting Skills, Project Management, Quality Control, Maintenance, Managerrent, Logistics, Electronic & Mechanical Technology,
Program Mamagenrent, Quality Assurance/Control, Safety Compliance, Risk Management, Change Control Processes

Skills

Ekctronie & Mechanical Technology

Maintenance Management

Project Management

Program Management

West onanism alee 8)-ec)

Mechanical Component Troubleshooting

Quality Assurance/Contro!

Material Management

Staff Development/Leadership

Technical Interface

Safety Compliance Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Access, SAP, SharePoint

schivor anes
02/2018 to Current
Engineering Project Manager II] Company Name i'4 City , State

© Performs a variety of duties associated with the development and revision of aircraft maintenance work instruction cards.

© Utilize an autormted publishing system to author certain work instruction cards.

© Supervises the initiation and maintenance of project files Ensures effective technical coordination with Customer representatives and as such
participates to good communication with Customers Ensures that engineering activity is compliant with project milestones.

¢ Alerts project management in case of unforeseen variation and suggests if needed mitigation measures Participates to project planning
definition by providing engineering milestones and requirements Ensures effective interdisciplinary coordination through weekly meetings.

* Takes the necessary technical decisions in case of unresolved conflicts between disciplines.

08/2011 to 02/2018
Field Engineer/Maintenance Support Engineer Company Name 1% City , State

© Aircraft Repair/Modification Representative on-site at domestic and international locations with protocol in heavy maintenance, repair and
overhaul, Block Upgrades, Prototypes, and modification activities on CC-130J aircraft.

Expertly plan, quote and execute Air Mobility & Maritime Missions (AMMM) prototype/upgrade/modification/repair projects.

Provide liaison support between AMMM Sustainment and Engineering, conduct Engineering Change Request evaluation/quoting,
Conduct technical maintenance training with customers, suppliers, LM reps, contractors and military personnel.

Skillfiilly troubleshoot technical problems/issues affecting maintenance activities.

Ensure maintenance requirements are executed during operational and heavy maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) activities and
implementation of Engineering Authorizations and Service Bulletins.

AOG (Aircraft on Ground) Project Manager for the Royal Saudi Arabian Air Force.

Act as Sustaining Engineering and Logistics Support Services Fleet Manager.

Review TCTO/Service Bulletin retrofit documents for implementation.

Collaborate with Engineering to develop SOW’s (Statement of Work) and BOE's (Basis of Estimate) Develop project work schedules for
business unit and sub-contractors.

Project Management Effectively manage project team, define scope, develop and manage project plans and budgets.

Direct activities, project objectives, risk management, change control processes and communications and ensure project compliance with
the Project Management Methodology.

Develop project schedules, status reports, analyze schedules and make resource balancing revisions.

Coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure projects progress on schedule and within budget.

Effectively delegate project tasks and ensure successful task completion.

Demonstrate exceptional process orientation, solid understanding of project management techniques, methodologies and best practices.
Quality Assurance Demonstrate thorough knowledge of principles, concepts and methodology related to aircraft QA prograns.

Apply knowledge of operating practices and procedures related to the rework processing of aircraft systems and components to verify by
work document review, materials and procedure checks and onsite surveillance, making certain that quality requirements have been met.
© Conduct QA inspections, check the entire system to ensure components are installed in their proper location.

© Inspect technical files nmintained within the shop for condition, completeness and accuracy.

ORT PAU eR @racans
Aircraft Mechanic / Electrician / Avionics Technician Company Name 1 State

* Qualified to ckar Red-X (Quality Control for C-130 aircraft electrical systerns), accountable for the total airworthiness of assigned aircraft.
¢ Serve as technical authority to advise on, examine and approve all airframe, mechanical, electrical and pneudraulic repairs to assigned
