ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN III
Summary

Engineering Technician with an extensive troubleshooting, repair, and installation background. Thorough knowledge of Electrical, Mechanical,
Pneumntic and computer systems. Selfstarter who quickly masters new skills and systerrs.

Highlights
© Extensive Troubleshooting and repair proficiency © EnvironmentaVESS Chamber repair
© Interpretation of schemntics, blueprints and drawings «Pneumatic system design/repair and leak detection
* Quick to act on customer service requests/issues © Solenoid and valve replacement
© Resolve issues down to the component kevel © Lock out/Tag out, Arc Flash, Live Ekctrical and ESD certified
© Document work performed through internal database = «- Labview software
Cee cae NO DOr ecor ys ccriegiicusg CMe Or BONEN mits
¢ Ekctrical Power Generation Peto udcoavecteraiictl
CMB Balnwatee clon ky ai aiec © Strong safety awareness
© Red-lme documents and implement changes Cie oes ana icelaartce ag
© Excelient written and verbal communication CRSiten err arlle onset

Accomplishments
Troubkshot and repaired test equipment for several AOG's (Aircraft on ground) to satisfy customer (Delta Airlines) denmnds.

schivor anes
Engineering Technician III 07/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

Responsible for all Test Equipment Maintenance oresite to include Production, Repair & Overhaul, Engineering and Environmental labs.
Responds to test equipment Service requests through the TESR/TPM system

Works closely with Engineering, Electricians, Facilities, and Metrology to resolve issues.

Areas of responsibility include Electrical Power Generation, Cabin Pressure, FueVAdvance Controls and Sensors, Electronics, and
Environmental Labs.

Troubleshoots down to the component level and resolve root cause.

© Troubleshooting/repairing pneumatic pressure and vacuum systems.

Generator Test Technician III 08/1999 to 07/2013 Company Name City , State

CEN senidecrent ester buscihiecd cure Micelle tbe asl oranlenercninansllbineriniscemeiged niet anay
accordance with applicable test procedures. Record test data and accept or reject units through the use of fimctional test stamps.
Responsible for troubleshooting test failures to the component level. Also performs various assembly processes when required. Works with
various and specialized test equipment such as volt meters, ohm meters, power meters, dielectric testers, etc. Completes trouble reports and
yield tracking logs. Other duties include safety representative and Metrology coordinator for department. E.S.D. certified and meets ISO-
9001 standards and requirements.

Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Maintenance Technician 02/1998 to 08/1999 Company Nan City , State

© Performed airframe and power plant maintenance on forward observing reconnaissance aircraft. Maintained engine proficiency by adjusting
valves, ignition points, and performed highly advanced computer aided diagnostic testing. Inspected airframes for structural dannge and
performed high-tech composite repair procedures using precision sanding and measuring equipment. Skills include electrical safety and
explosive ordnance handling.

Ekctrical Power Generation Equipment Repairer Technician 08/1996 to 08/1999 Company Name

© Performed maintenance on mobile utility precise power generation sets, and intemal combustion engines. Administered troubkeshooting
procedures on ekctronic equipment using wiring schemnatics and diagrams. Maintained diesel and gasoline engines by adjusting valves,
carburetors, ignition points, alternators, regulators, and solenoids. Performed maintenance services such as lubrication, oil change, radiator
flushes and repaired small motor generators. Supplied electrical power to numerous field customers.

Education
Certificates 1998 State

&€¢Certificate, UAV Mechanical Technician course, U.S. Army, Ft. Huachuca, AZ, completed 1998

&€¢Certificate, UAV Maintenance Technician Common course, U.S. Army, Ft. Huachuca, AZ, completed 1998

aT a ee A TM a Oe OS, Oo ee eee Pte
