PROJECT ADMINISTRATOR ENGINEERING
Si
A consistent team leader with great analytic and interpersonal skills; highly focused in achieving and maintaining excellent customer relationships to
assist you in achieving your organizational goals. I have over 10 years progressive experience in Accounting, Property Accounting and Project
Administration and have deliver consistent contributions to increased productivity, decreased cost and produced strong revenue gains through
teambuilding, self-motivation and development.
Highlights
© Flexible team player Analytical reasoning
I Sietee sl IA are nesti alt
Compliance testing knowledge
Strength in regulatory reporting
J Ell alewmehreesnilinekent attic)
Account reconciliation expert
FCO ESO RUT C ee
[Or eeeieaibcenned
Strong organizational skills
Expert in customer relations
Ccreribctnomeun natn
1D Otley eae sNnau
Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)
1D Otley eae sNnau
1D Otley eae sNnau
1D Otley eae sNnau

¢ Flexble teamphyer
« Expert in customer relations
« Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)

schivor anes
Yohoe@Uinecin Om on uPernnce en MAL re ORION bs.
Company Name i City , State

Ce Discs nnicarcoueicmiliias ents ocalim ad grec ianmUnuiclent scorn! | edcams israel olcranceibecelram isthe] besos
Analyzed and interpret monthly variances and trends between budgets and actual results in developing projections and forecast Prepared
monthly billng base on contracts, project progress report and work-in-progress report Prepared and analyzed quarterly backlog report to
forecast revenues and employees productivity Reconciled monthly bank statements and deposit daily cash receipts Used AIA Documents to
prepare Prime and Sub-consultant Contracts Audited and approved Sub-contractors invoices for process and payment Assisted Controller
with year end audit Monitored Job Cost report to ensure employees are charging to the correct projects Year End CAM Reconciliation for
rental properties Prepared monthly invoices for Tenants in compliance to Lease Agreement Process bank deposit and updated accounts
Srewel)

Project Administrator Jan 2000 to Jan 2007
Company Name i City , State

Prepared monthly billings and revenue forecast Prepared financial reports and analyzed variances Prepared office earnings report and
distribute to the Officers Prepared rate schedule to be use in contract proposals Prepared project status reports, monitoring costs and
charges associate with each project, attend department meetings and advised project managers of project overruns.

Reviewed Consultant invoices and code to the correct project numbers and general ledger accounts Prepared monthly cash flow projection
Prepared Standard Forms 295 & 294 reports semiannually for the Government.

© Prepared tax reports quarterly or semiannually for several States.

* Assisted Controller with year end audits Coordinated with insurance company to provide insurance certificate to clients.

Naomi aiiesehn niece cena Oni yn 0)
Company Name i City , State

© Prepared and analyzed financial staterents on a monthly basis Reconciled and process employees expense report to American Express
charges Reviewed and analyzed General Ledger ona monthly basis Reconciled monthly bank reconciliation Daily cash reconciliation,
process bank deposit and updated accounts receivable.

Urecu@ acetic aneAn ORR Orca’
Company Name i City , State

Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.

Provide weekly cash forecast for the Eastern Region.

Oriteentisl er teemters mel neem erm collimentcares eleemeKcurs] cat Orte Gwe

UpdateA project budgets for all projects assign to me.

Cakulte and recognize revenue in accordance with US GAP for all projects.

Setup all aspects ofA new projects which includes budget, contract information and revere recognition base on contract.

PerformA month-end close procedures pertaining to billing, accounts receivable baddebt provisions and contingencies, journal entries and

Freeere einem
