ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR
Executive Summary

Dedicated engineer with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated by 9 years of experience. Teant oriented Ekctrical
Engineer with over four years experience designing, developing and testing electronic products. Forward-thinking Electrical Engineer with hands-
on experience performing quality troubleshooting, electronics system, and phurbing. Perform general repairs on all floor covering, upholstery,
welding, and fabrication. Maintain a property wide clean and safe work area. Troubleshoot and repair mechanical equipment ranging from heating,
ventilation and air conditioning equipment, fan coils, chillers, pumps, boikrs, and cooling towers. Receive and respond to maintenance calls in the
OP Rene Ot eULece ln elbemtanc ieee

Core Qualifications
© Training program impkrentation
© Project management © Interpersonal communication skills
© Drillng engineering ¢ Demonstrated organizationalplanning skills
© Buikling commissioning experience © Adaptability
* Ahighly motivated and energetic personality. © Ability to translate technical specifications
¢ Ability to take initiative and exhibit flexibility. ¢ Have interpersomal skills to deal effectively with all business contacts.
¢ Excellent customer service skils.
Professional Experience

Engineering Supervisor 11/2014 to Current Company Name City , State Assist management indirect oversight of department daily

penny Ensures efféctive communication between the Facilities Director and all other supervisors of the Engineering oni naN easteuetcy
all other duties as assigned by the Facilities Director.A Ensures that quality services and controls conform to established standards.A Quickly
assesses problers or situations and takes the proper corrective action without hesitation, and makes prompt and just decisions.

Engineering Assistance Supervisor 06/2005 to 05/2014 Company Na City , State

Managed team of21 of professionals. Utilize reporting tools to analyze and monitor status of project and individual work efforts. Collaborate with
all departments and engineering teams to continuously manage trade-offs between scope, resources and time during the project/task durations.
Perform all duties as deemed necessary for the success of the departrent. Ability to communicate with employees and other Department Heads.
Previous experience using industrial hand tools, power tools, testing, and monitoring equipment.

Sky Cap 09/2001 to 05/2005 Company Name City , State

Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers’ problems. Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions
to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve
customer issues quickly and efficiently.

brairestbeny

High Schoo! Diplom 12 El Dorado High School City , State , USA
als

Leadership Development Program

Hands On Training: Ekctrical, Phiming, Painting, Full Finish, Wall Paper

Managenrent Training, Team Builder, Outlook Training, Excel Training, Hotsos Training, Stratton Warren "MMS"
