ENGINEERING MANAGER
Summary
Wedmienttonunccatl real aK i Rcmtgnntuicciketncr cred ncrl aie Kenner ediniarbnl (cas tate ree Wrncarranatns|
mechanical design. Much of my career has been focused on paper converting equipment and operations developing into roks in maintenance and
reliability systems.A More recentlyA responsible for facilitating the capital investment portfolio for the Halsey Mill.
Highlights

© Project management © DMF and Project Work Process

© Paper converting equipment © Written and verbal communication skills

* Facility and plant modifications © © AutoCAD and Excel

Accomplishments
Start-up of major converting equipment lines with emphasis on long termrelability.A

Designed and implemented a mill project work process to improve economic thinking and operational ownership of mill driven projects. This has
streamlined the mills approval process for projects.

schivor anes
Engineering Manager
May 2011 to Current Company Name - City , State

Responsible for facilitating the capital projects plan and process. This has included developing a process to evaluate projects with stakehoMers at
determined phase gate challenges and developing engineering talent to work within the expectations of the GP Project Work Process. Transitioned
into a working manager with responsibility for managing several projects up to the S4MM range in addition to responsibility for the overall capital
feet elon

© Develop clearly written venture summuries to communicate the DMF and economic rationale for projects
* Responsible for hiring and developing engineering talent for the organization.

Manager - Maintenance and Reliability
January 2009 to May 2011 Company Name - City , State

Menber of the mill kadership team responsibleA for safe work performance and contract adherence of a 76 person maintenance group. Included
the hiring and development of craftsmen and salaried personnel for the maintenance department. Utilized reliability experience to provide focus on
mill reliability improverrents in the areas of lubrication, precision maintenance work, sustainable PM processes, BOMs and procedure based job
plans.

Recognized at the time as one of the most effective converting maintenance efforts in the company with lowest maintenance cost per case in the
company.

Supervisor Reliability Engineer

November 2005 to January 2009 Company Name - City , State

Led the converting PM program with aA focus on developing sustainable results by developingA mechanical work standards and a job plan brary

for converting equipment andA implementing them into the CMMSA (Passport) to support the PM inspection program, parts rebuild program,
and the periodic machine rebuild efforts.

Led RCM efforts to establish a maintenance and reliability plan for new Perini and PCMC equipment and implerrenting the results into a CMMS.
This effort required educating the teamon RCM methodology, facilitating the RCM process with a large team and establishing a vision for
incorporating the RCM effort into an existing PM program

© System administrator for the Passport CMMS system
© Developed tools to understand and repair PM processes, provided training for PM processes.
© Managed Machine shop including supervision of mechinists, and managing flow of work through shop.

Process &Toolmg Engineer
Noverber 2000 to Noverrber 2005 Company Nam - City, State

Responsible for developing improverments to a laser patterning lamination process that had been recognized as theA keast reliableA process inA the
PMU Corer Wii i ooo TR inter ee MORENO Panintan ncarolace ant cree ae enccOme)i lag

contributionsA included developing an SPC strategy that reduced variation and increased reliability. Established the SPC system and provided
startup assistance for the line when it transferred to Singapore.

Designed and started up the next generation hser patterning operation for adhesive film successfilly bringing the process on line ahead of schedule
and exceeding quality specifications.

Led leak testing process improvement efforts, SPC compliance and investigation of correct GR&R practices.
