ENGINEERING ASSISTANT

Summary

Product and Process engineer with more than three years of experience with kading projects on new product development, new model assembly
launch, quality and Toyota production systems. Extensive understanding on process engineering and design and development of automntive
yaa itsy

Skills

C, R, Catia, AutoCAD, ANSYS, Microsoft office, Product Project Managerrent, GD&T, Minitab, Kanban, Kaizen, FMEA. development.
Toyota production systems, APQP, PPAP, 8D, 5 why, KPI's, Reliability SAE Standards, Vehicle ergonomics, DVP&R, QCC, CNC
engineering, Programming

schivor anes

07/2017 to 08/2017

eluiLcariePeCcicIo TOs STAN tLe ekg OLN BECIT|e

© Developed Delphis SPQVC (Safety, People, Quality, Volume & Cost) metrics to cut assembly issues by 10%,
© Developed APQP, cost estimations and integrated new fuel injectors models in the remanufacturing process line.

© Performed PFMEA, root cause analysis and lead cross fimctional teams to resolve quality downtime issues.

© Sustained and monitored lean manufacturing (5S, workplace safety, Kaizen, Single piece flow) and drove continuous improvement.

USP REC RHP
Engineer Company Name i City , State

Designed, developed, tested and introduced new product in the manufacturing line.

Developed contro! plans and schedules to support prototype development, pre production and zero defect production parts unc h.

Studied market forecast, conducted benchmarking and manufacturing cost analysis for new product introduction.

Lead APQP, DVP&R and PPAP development and conducted DFMEA for new product development.

Scheduled and coordinated phases of project (cost, tooling, equipment.) to develop World class model line manufacturing imp lementing

(OSs

Successfilly hunched new product assembly project worth $100 million adhering to Toyota standards.

Performed design reviews, documented BOM and created assembly process documentations.

Reduced manufacturing costs by 30% by improving SQD (Safety, Quality & Delivery) KPI's metrics.

Performed and ensured quality and reliability of processes and developed validation recovery plans.

Spearheaded cost estimations and closure ofnom-conformance reports using quality tools (Pareto charts, Fishbone analysis, 8D, Why,

FMEA).

© Developed actions for IPQPR's (In process quality problem reports), SQPR's (Supplier quality problem reports) to present to Japanese
Feallinaccsitice

* Prepared product and process engineering change requests (ECR's) documentations, cost reduction proposals and presented to

Petesttonr ana

Developed manufacturing process yout, control plans, work instructions and PFMEA.

Major Projects.

University of Michigan Dearbom Product Development - Designed a manually operated juicer using CATIA V5, prototyped the part using

additive manufacturing (3D Printing), used benchmarking, customer surveys, DFMEA and brainstorming methodologies to build its business

portfolio using lean canvas.

© Occupant package design - Assessing driver requirerents like seat track length, head clearance, entrance height, steering wheel height and
diameter, accelerator heal point and other important driver's requirement to design a new compact sedan with the help of Anthropometric
data and SAEJ1100v005, SAEJ1516\002, SAEJ1517v002 and benchmarking analysis.

© Vehicle package analysis and evahution of cargo compartment - Analyzed vehicle attribute requirements like cost, quality, operation and
packaging of cargo compartment by benchmurking three entry level sedans and evaluating the results using ANOVA for customer feedback
Feo-sl slung

¢ Analysis of driver door interior trim panel using Quality fiinction deployment (QFD) - Evaluated HMI logical layout and packaging of
systems in interior trim panel by benchmarking compact sedans, interviewed customers for user experience, used QFD to take suggestions
to find area of improvements.

© Exterior and mechanical package analysis - Developed interface diagram and interface matrix to represent various fimetions between

on eenancn

Studied vehicle anatomy by decomposing the vehicle into systems, sub-systems, and components.

Vehicle body side aperture spot welding - Conducted detailed analysis of spot welling of BIW, determined robot base and end effector

motion and the factors for complete station design using 4M.

© Gearbox FMEA - Conducted detailed study on potential failure causes in 6X4 truck gearbox casing failure in fracture using DFMEA and

aay ic

Impkmented DFA and DFM to derive optimal design for ease of assembly and disassembly of gearbox casing,

Design for assembly - Proposed assembly line for plant with 138 stations for volume requirement of 240k vehicks, analyzed the JPH,

throughput, bottleneck, hbor hours, number of shifis and operators, length of station and line speed.

* Six Sigm - Implemented lean six sign concepts to improve the efficiency of base coat usage at body paint shop by DMAIC methodology.

Education and Training
04/2018
