CORPORATE PROCESS/SYSTEMS ENGINEERING MANAGER
Scant enSI nesta

High-energy Engineering Manager driven to cut company costs and boost company revenue through innovative management techniques.
Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills. Results-focused managerent professional offering 30
years of progressive leadership experience. Transforms high-potential staff into outstanding kaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that
is critical to financial and operational success.

Core Qualifications
© Operations
Patesyearels
CO pati
management
Ce ivan
control
¢ Lean Manufacturing and Management ' panna ial
PES etn ere a COUN ON IT DUE VOM tb oo py .s a ha
© Restructuring and Reducing Manpower while Improving Efficiency. pee A
esetectic ee iii
© Advanced experience with the following Software: Microsoft Office 2003-201 1, Microsoft Visio, 2008-2010, Parner
EI ene CMT RD Cire aN Ce Uae eee St rte , a
2010, Microsoft Project, Netbeans, TextPad, SQL Server 2008, PowerSteering, Tango. a
© Computer Language Experience - HTML, Css, Java, Java Script, CH, VB.NET, ASP.NET ; pad ae
¢ InBSIT degree program, completed C+ chases, Java 1, Java 2, Web Design 1, Web Design 2, Algorithns,
Software Engineering Courses. 5 pie
© These classes included creating and buikding websites, building a C+4- Mortgage Cakuhtor, completing a Java GUI oi
and non- GUI mortgage calculator with and without an amortization table, ea
© We were required to utilize and become very comfortable with Netbeans and TextPad software. 5 pyri tional
Ss ag eiecu Lae Man eee reas ees LeO ESE hain eR S te CLO LA rene
PowerSteering software. eaeenen
© PowerSteering Software Super User-PowerStecring used to track CI Savings, manage reporting and build 5 at pre
PAC CR OME maM isan ee reas
Papen er
logical
Cs sivenie4
Leadership
skills

Professional Experience
OO PCD Ure MOBS urdu Vn ioM
July 2013 to January 2016 Company Name i City , State

¢ Build engineering processes and be the super user for key software utilized by Engineering Services.
¢ Functionas the key technical resource for plant engineering and maintenance personnel by providing significant engineering and maintenance

experience and knowkdge, while proactively and creatively secking out, identifying, implementing and docurrenting cost savings and
Bisnis ewer cabconeam cleo

Experienced in supply chain, six sigma and ean manufacturing.

CPUS na olom ester co lMmonubcc aS ynecis orienta eee melorenalra cee w iyo cee

Primary Responsibilities: Perform field skill assessments for engineering services.

Ade ecavonisnecnsRneisienennieneciloicn

Develop, build and rollout engineering CI process standardization.

Maintain key system software and provide super user support.

Provide software training and support to new and existing engineers.

Pee cones Om NeO arom aaLed cman denen geieny cliceccciracmub continuede snes iiilcece Oi sy seue

ee rang anon lolivAn Brauch el pelquaisancrenen menace D ona necting) nenslacarinekeg
onruiroaseaxelietneReticy «Rabe elie

Contribute to the development of projects to maintain infrastructure and improve reliability strategies.

Interact with customer maintenance staffand other material users to identify and develop effective cost saving measures.

COMB Re odtume acim CE nalinceconalcereneriye cl iyalrrel ana

PS a US aan laCor specs Mou e eR <antiize Rests wets cp eet horthonena neser aly vem

eT Rat em Eon SCM oe ACU dcas bial nese) endl ngeoie eke eine ore mnt cO CS as Caer Bcd
engineering of OEM spare parts in accordance with corporate and site quality policies, directions, and goals as defined.

Identifies and develops effective documentation to measure and analyze inventory kvels, lists of materials, purchased parts, equipment and
