ENGINEERING TECHNICIAW/ FIELD SERVICE

Professional Summary

TSC WES ectos onuredniM tea ilen RU bel reenizeks anmeni ae loulnrnileis ikoxcan leas irarotncucl Om (ibid
background in both Field Service and as an Engineering Technician. I was able to effectively reduce test and production time through gaining a true
understanding for the process without sacrificing quality.

Long term goals , become an intuitive /E Technician in the pulp and paper industry, teach others with the potential to take ona leadership rok

AR anaes
Say
Pee Ohorstieniensl iss © Technical plan execution aptitude
¢ Exceptional time management ¢ Detai-oriented understanding that any downtime must be minimized ifnot avoidable
© Geonrtric dimensioning © Understand overtime and on-call basis may be required
Deena clog « Rigging
© Manufacturing process controls © Soldering, Drillng- Tapping
¢ Detaitoriented © Measurement and hyout
Crisler enon) Keicatiing © Test and measurement equipment
Cee Banter ied © Equiprent calibration
CMO Orly aon cnenlarauncene keds * Tenacity, willingness to go to whatever kength it takes to solve a probkem or improve
pees tic} Be ees)
Work History

Engineering Technician Field Service May 1994 - May 2000
Leo ta NTP ek OS ESI

Developed and built, complex RF systems for broadcasters worldwide.

Tested at the component level and built the systems

Worked closely with the staff engineers and engineering department as well as customers to be certain the end users needs were net.

I was alo responsible for equipment maintenance and calibrations being kept up to date.

I was ako responsibke for the low voltage control wiring for protection circuitry and system operations both as components and at a system
pk

Po ceewakanvcannumecclletebr cd eo elaraveniivedhncericomrekinnicnilamiiinuetiomn Ores ie cana)
on an emergent basis due to equipment failure or improper operation.

Ria obi naeieeesciiad

Ako provided feedback to our engineering department for proper record keeping.

Limited machine shop work in model making for R&D projects.

Interfaced with other suppliers and the respective engineering departments to ensure proper operation.

re aanimcerarlemeurli DRUM mia euecensueie oka canoer ieenunca rics yce)ea coco

Conplketed projects by effectively applying engincering, technical and maintenance procedures.

Used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multi:meters, waveform generators and spectrum analyzers

Collaborated with engineers at the new product introduction phase to develop and verify design changes.

Hitler ua RL OnP tr eM ol iece eRe anes eiciiscmNuUnt Lars

Followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problems.

Conpiled, processed and analyzed test data and results to improve product quality.

Engineering technician Jun 1988 - Jun 1994
Company Name City , State

Research and Development of components for the broadcasters, Developed new product line for MCI.

Field service engineering, Wiring of microprocessor controlled RF systems and system assembly and tests, modeling and design of some
components working with the engineers and drafting departrent.

Responsibke for installation and proof of performance test, as well as repair of products at the customer's site.

Feed back provided to the engineering departments well as training for the end user, Made sure the mamuals were up to date and accurate,
Roe AUS LN BU Uae re RM CC MU eR On CAN MR beau Poo tR Wena maet sce OB ee CLa nunca rsh ee neste]
finb tas

Responsibke for maintaining the calibration of test equipment.

Major accomplishments

Improved product quality by customizing tools and elirinating variability.

Followed up on manufacturing and field reports and resolved outstanding problers.

Conducted engineering and detailed experimental tests to collect design data and assist in research work.

°

oe

Cr

Technician Jun 1985 - May 1988
eon eta Neh Os SNC

CM eretrat OE RMP CMB OM LD Sy Eocene ol ece roel com
© SPS 49 Radar component test, to including pattem test of the reflector and waveguide components.
¢ Accomplishments Reduced test time and increased production of the SPS-49 reflector ftom 2 days to kess than one without sacrificing

quality.
