ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN II
Summary

My goal is to become associated with a company where I can utilize my skills and gain firther experience whik enhancing the company's
Cea UibATE ecole Lente

Highlights
* Excellent commumication techniques A rae
© Engineering standards expert pak peuaan ,
© Complex problemsolver * Quality inspection professional
Mp tenner tn as © Strong collaborative skills
© Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio , einai ss
© Engineering operational fimctions vee. eh
© Multidisciplinary exposure rons seinen
© Project management eee
© Advanced engineering knowledge irs eae ver
* Troubleshooting specialist A ° cor piesetress ita
© Initiative to work independentlyA
Accomplishments
2006 - Global Engineering nominee for Back Side Transfer/Lamimtion Technology.

2013

ree pou rea re Medi onesed lnociind SOMeb nt iedinege el peaneinsennede Ten bom MOE Cam

2015A -A Global Engincering winner for PC Nidek Tinting lenses to Support Sun Business.

2016

- Global Engineering Winner, Global Water Savings primnrily on the Hard Coating Machines.

schivor anes
Engineering Technician II 02/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

Initiated statistical analysis project that resulted in sound recommendations adopted by entire RX Labs.
Spearheaded documentation of chssified reports.

Managed numerous projects simultaneously that helped the company make good sakes for the certain products.
Collaborated with engineers and project managers on Water Savings, Photo chromic and Nidek tiniting projects.
Supervision of the photo chromic production.

Maintained and managed network environment including troubleshooting, filing and archiving.

Prepared accurate specifications for photo chromic lenses production .

Developed and organized records and maintenance reports for increased efficiency.

Applied engineering principles to develop and operate Hard Coating and data processing systems.

Executed root cause analysis to improve yield and relability.A A A A

Carefilly organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity for the Rx labs.
Maintained safety by verifying compliance and assuring proper Global Engineering testing.

Produced and maintained accurate design documentation for HC, spin coat and photo-chromic processes.
Traveling to Rx laboratories inside and outside of US and work and leading ina pilot line environment.
Organizing pilots line activities and setting them up.

Biclulnegnawereo ene iiccds

Documenting and reporting on pilot line activities.

HMC HC Laboratory Assistant III 02/2005 to 02/2009 Company Name City , State

Working with engineers to establish coating formulations and processes for the HC Machines and Lamination Machines.
Responsibility for blending procedures, mixing, analyzing, and test coating formations utilizng commercial and R&D chemicals.
Roi ceneeaniMibon (sce ech eM tol oce berate saline Oe s10cm

Training the hboratory staffon the same, and giving technical support to the labs.

Performing and Documenting the industrialization of new products and processes for application of coating on Rx lenses.
Establishing and maintaining lens hard coating processes.

Documenting and reporting on project progress.

Analyzing the chemical properties ofhard coatings.

Acdece treConen ania

Hard Coating Technician 10/2003 to 02/2005 Company Name City , State

Working with the Supervisor, planing A and scheduling the daily operations of the Dip/Dip process.

Insuring the proper training ofall assigned personnel according to the latest SOP's and work instructions.

Performing a variety of more complex techmical duties relating to the coating machine support; to include titration ofall chemicals, machine
troubleshooting (both electro- mechanical and chemical).

Planing and scheduling the daily operation of the Dip/Dip process, spin processes.

Communicating with incoming/outgoing tech for any specific problems or upcoming changes.

Performing machine maintenance and troubleshooting at start of shift, verifying that all levels are correct and the systemis ready to rm.
