SOFTWARE ENGINEERING TEAM LEAD
Profile

Thave over 10 years of experience in the field of IT infrastructure consulting and operations. I have worked on various Microsoft technologies such
as System Center Suite (SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM), virtualization (Hyper V), Windows 2003/2008 Active directory, DNS, DHCP, Windows
Clusters, scripting (PowerShell, VBScript), etc. I am currently working for Accenture Technologies. I am currently onsite working for our client in
USA since March 2012. I am looking for another opportunity within USA in infrastructure consulting/ Systems Administration that gives me the
opportunity to excel in my current skills and paves way for leaming new technologies. System Center System Center Operations Manager 2012 -
SCOM Currently working on SCOM for over 3 years as technical lead/ SME. Experience in designing, implementing and operating SCOM

Dui Pe Mem Suman anemia Oe ece insincere me RIT ANY NMR IO DM irene neki el ol

Professional Experience

RIN AUIS

to

January 2015

Company Name Software Engineering Team Lead

Anne Bcp elec a vere N cs aCcem (Oeste II

SAS SARIN U CA aoc ha coleietuoan tine snceiatoMy aces ret bags rete

Project 1: Stanford Hospital and Clinics Tenure: March 2012 Till date I am currently the onshore technical lead and subject matter expert
for our monitoring solution called Microsoft System Center Operations Manager (SCOM 2012).

OS gee cumer me ceranincd ROO Renee (melee rena

T amako leading the operations.

Sonx of the key activities that I have been leading here are: Designing, configuring and operating SCOM.

SrerteeR enioneca Obrelatic cc ke ule Richy) Tier cate

WW ileiecnrana meatier keen urel em

Building new management packs using VSAE, VMPD, Authoring Tools Migratior/ upgrade of SCOM 2012 RTM to Rekase 2.
Managing daily operational tasks.

Working on SLA and other reports and dashboards.

Application monitoring/ Synthetic transactions Prior to joining the monitoring team, I was working for their core infrastructure.

My rok in the team was to identify flaws and remediate core IO services such as AD, DNS, DHCP, WINS, File/ Print, etc.

Talso provided escalation support for critical incidents.

We worked on decommissioning Windows 2003 domain controlkrs out of the environment.

T also implemented DNS scavenging,

Project 2: This project dealt with phnning and deployment of SCCM site systems across geographies.

We were also responsible for software distribution and OSD.

Ako we built customer facing artifacts around designing and building SCCM architecture.

Project 3: Performing P2V and V2V migrations to optimiae/mininize datacenter footprint This project was the largest implementation of
Ny ROM Aca Deamon ROE br coeetcns sam Lael

SRS CES eds ence keorce renee kenlecon ome Ger (Cruz a

As part of the project we were performing V2V and P2V migrations of the servers in ange murbers.

My rok in the project was that of SME responsible for handling technical escalations and getting the migrations done within the specified
Coralie wun

Supporting and maintaining the client infrastructure I was working for a US-based client who is a major producer of mckear power there.
The job minly related to the remote administration and providing support 24x5.

The client had implemented all the latest Microsoft technologies in their infrastructure.

I have been a part of the project since the transition phase.

I was managing a team of 6 people operating in shifts.

Achievenrnis: I had been promoted twice within the first 2 years of my tenure in the company and had been given "Contribution
Significantly above Peer Group" rating in the yearly evaluation cyck.

April 2007

to

RIAN)

COT NaN bee ewes ie

RETA lc)

to

Wot AU

eee tA NTR AL Coomera Cry

¢ Iwas working as part of the messaging and collaboration team.

¢ Job was to administer the intemal Windows infrastructure of the company.

© Day to day tasks included working on tickets escalated from the Ist line support/Helpdesk, monitoring systems, attending to SCOM alerts,
Caom

¢ Monthly tasks included Software Updates Management.

Prosodic cual ccmingalnaor nce tipce karti
