ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR
als
PLC: IEC 61131 (Ladder Logic, Functional Block Diagram, Structured Text, Instruction List. ), Java, C, Visual Basic, VHDL, PSpice,
Assembly (Intel, Motorola, TI), Labview. Software Packages: AutoCAD, Inventor, Matlab, Microsoft Office, PSIM, Easy Power, Xilinx ISE,
Printed Circuit Board CAD (Protel), Siemens Step 7, Wago CoDeSys, Allen Bradley RSLogix, ERP (Alliance, Global Shop, XA, SAP).
Professional Experience
Engineering Supervisor
Deven scwAN CO ORGrica Qe ena Nt coe ON mmCEl (a
© Leading and supervising engineering staff members as they perform their tasks and participating in budgeting, scheduling, and staff
Prvateyea bea
* Establishing design standards, specifications, criteria, scheduling and resource-management for products and projects.
© Working closely with product line management to serve clients’ aftermarket needs.
© Recommending and implementing improvements to engineering processes, methods and controls; conferring with management, production
and other departments regarding manuficturing capabilities, production schedules, and other considerations to maximize efficiencies.

Electrical Design Engineer
May 2011 to December 2014 Company Name - City, State

Identifying products within line of variable frequency drives, switchboards, generator contro! cabinets and PLC based contro! consoles
having potential for improvement.

Dato e ier aM UCMCR cet Gi be ama rice cee bead item

Composing documents outlining the projects design, verification and validation process in accordance with API standards.

Modeling the new/improved products using computer simulation tools in order to confirm specified performance.

New/irproved products comprehensive hardware design and complete software integration.

Creating bill of mterials, one-line drawings, schematics, layouts and instruction to manufacture prototypes.

Developing test procedures to verify prototypes performance.

Specific Projects: Custom pre-charge circuit for VFD systems with multiple inverters and commnn rectifier.

24VDC overvoltage rely for protection of 24VDC control devices against overvoltage.

Standalone VFD house for raising derrick mast, test Topdrives and other applications IECEx/ATEX certification of low voltage motors
(600V, 1800HP).

Design of new motor testing facility using common DC link VFDs to replace Active Front End Drives.

* Commissioning of Siemens VFD Imeup.

Project Engineer
October 2008 to May 2011 Company Name - City , State

© Designing generator control systems, variable frequency drives, dynamic braking cabinets, switchboards, panel boards, jacking switchgears,
PLC based contro! consoles and remote IO boxes for land and offshore rigs.

Developing bill of materials, block diagrams, electrical one-lines, detailed schematics and interconnection cabling diagrams.* Supervising
PSEA LOIS NL cecCRO Ric UE RtES ACTS

Composing factory acceptance test procedures for manufactured products and supervising the procedures.

Performing detailed troubleshooting of drilling equipment using computer simulations and by testing equipment on site and in the field.
Traveling to customer site to meet with client, test, troubleshoot and commission the product.

As the project manager, leading the team of onsite manufacturing staff, vendors and subcontractors.

Performing technical studies including center of gravity calculation, motor model, short circuit, breaker coordination, harmonic cakulation
(IEEE 519), arc flash, fault analysis, voltage drop and power flow study to obtain certifications for designed equipment.

Compiling technical and non-technical reports to describe products.

Specific Projects: Kencana KM-1 tender drilling unit, Kencana Shipyard, Malaysia: VFDs, MCCs, generator controls, panel boards (480V
and above) and control consoks.

Friede and Goldman: VFD based jacking switchgears and control consok.

Remedial OffShore: VFD Ineup, control and IO consoks.

Xtreme Drilling and Coil: standalone VFD lineup, control and 10 consoles.

Shengli: Jacking switchgear.

Facility Engineer
August 2006 to October 2008 Company Name - City , State

Power distribution General Responsibilities: Composing proposals, estimates and construction drawings for lighting, low and medium voltage
power distribution, grounding and alternative power generation systems.

Responsible for the campus renovations, environmental safety, autormation, controls and HVAC needs.

Specific Projects: New testing facilities for several engineering departrents.

Renovation of buikdings HVAC system

Conversion of 2.4kV power distribution to 12.5kV.

Golf cart charging station with solar panel roof.
