ENGINEERING ASSISTANT
Profile

Retired Engineering Assistant with 25 years of telecommunications experience, excellent CAD drafting skills and quality clerical abilities.

als
© Ability to utilize TIRKS, Switch, LFACs, Microstation, ICGS / IDDS, Word, Excel, RequestNet, AARDWOLF, ADTRAN, Microsoft
Outlook, CCP, WSAM Innge, Lotus Sametime, Fiber Brains, Ringbuilder, Plat Indexes, VENUe, WSAM-DC Fiber, Traffic Control
and State Highway database, ASSIST, Workforce Managerrent systerrs, and office switchphone
© Selftaught skills in office party and event planning and decorating

Accomplishments
FONE Nes MO IeTT OPN

© Produced drawings and maintained, archived and retrieved CAD files and drawing documents for the completion of engineering work
lane

Professional Experience
Engineering Assistant , 08/2006 to 12/2014 Company Name i City , State

Utilized company computers and records to obtain information for the design and distribution of circuit service orders.

Interfaced with other organizations in order to facilitate accurate work order designs.

Used engineering methods, procedures and databases to prepare designs.

Used planning documents, field notes and databases to analyze data and prepare specific estimates, routine work orders and other projects

SUM La meriLocbsnmetcatconumeat nem

Endured physical field visits to identify correct and unsafe conditions and design corrective plant configurations.

* Tracked and monitored construction and other departrents , including contractors, to assure timely completion of issued engineering work
lane

© Utilized computer drafting took.

Pore omens iil atetemeniiiiieattenubednrarilcck GOs ia himnaribee servers uulcto achat (oscenincenhes

aeRO Le MUect oer eeM niin coer MUL eoMInt Reh aniina as uate om

AU eta CRS emer eel Mebenciticinlbt clei uPednnecartieteene

Clirbed ladders to enter Controlled Environment Vaults (CEVs), construction sites and potentially dangerous industrial areas.

Wore appropriate Engineering safety equipment, when required.

Performed daily clerical office work and additional duties as required.

Facilities Administrator , 09/2000 to 08/2006 Company Name iA City , State

Prepared diagrams, schemtics, work orders, and maintained records by performing graphic or drafting fimctions ftom rough sketches.
Updated and maintained maps, logs, drawings, graphs, charts, land base drawings and schematics that comprise engineering OSP,
electronic, copper, conduit and fiber facility records.

© Utilzed CADD (Computer Assisted Drafting Design), Microstation, and free hand drafting and lettering techniques to prepare and maintain
eee CBU GLU ALL Ct MeN bra CReeticesT enter cGy

Performed miscellaneous duties as required.

Actively used the mechanized support systems to update records, evaluate and resolve data errors, prepare cable transfer or rewire sheets,
build terminals, facility addresses, cable information and post air pressure devices.

Acted as point of contact for engineering handoflg, facility checks, inquiries, information requests and etc.

Received calls regarding address verification.

Corrected and updated NTAS database to ensure accuracy for download to 911 database.

Updated system to reflect Clear Defective Pairs (CDP) requests.

Operated engineering office equipment.

Olver elect Rieke ubeanke iS lo (ESRI aL am

Prepared vouchers Prepared Cost Work Orders and other specialized cost tracking orders for customer billing and administrative
purposes.

Special Clerk , 10/1995 to 09/2000 Company Name it4 City , State

© Used engineering plats to trace out cable loop makeups.

© Performed clerical office duties and other responsibilities as required.
¢ Assisted Planners in updating and tracking cable facility records.

* Ran work related office errands within the building.

WW abetonsnrer acento mets Osea ORDER EO rina NEB AL@ SURES IC

« Answered customer comphint calls regarding telephone service issues.
