ENGINEERING BUSINESS UNIT LEADER

Summary

Tam seeking a position within a Maintenance/Engineering department. I have compkted a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Technology
with a concentration in Computer Engineering and a minor in Computer Science from Middle Tennessee State University. I feel that I ama great
candidate to be employed in technical role due my education and experience with ArcelorMittal and PepsiCo. Course work for my degree
included instrurentation controls and engineering economy, which is beneficial for technical manufacturing positions overseeing capital spend.
Instrumentation controls class work show the design of electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic systems and other associated equipment that work in
relation to one another. Engineering Economy provided me with the concepts of OEE, supply chain, and project cost effectiveness. I was able to
use my education and gain experience with ArcelorMittal as an Operations Technician. As an Operations Technician, I was responsible for the
OEE of automated weld cells. To ensure productivity, I reviewed faults in PLC programming, Fanuc Robot programming, or mechanically which
required my problem solving abilities. I was required to understand CAD drawings and wiring schermtics to troubleshoot and install components
on the line, in which one has to have great analytical skills to accomplish. In my most recent experience with Frito Lay, I have gained experience
through the Project Engineer & Maintenance/Engineering Business Unit Leader positions. The Project Engineer role required me to have excellent
verbal and written communication skills. While holding this position I worked extensively with all departments within the facility on their requests to
improve safety, quality & efficiencies. I was the technical point of contact between Frito Lay department leaders & vendors/ integrators. This role
required my organization and planning skills to be at the highest level for projects to be implemented with minimum distribution to the supply chain.
T currently hold the position of Maintenance/Engineering Business Unit Leader. This role includes maintaining & improving line OEE and doing so
within the limitation ofa parts, labor and capital budget. My team and I review daily reports by production supervisors to solve issues ranging from
an inmediate daily fix or prepping the work for the next preventive maintenance scheduk. I am responsible for developing the skills of 34
mechanics, two admins and three shift supervisors by providing feedback ona one to one basis. Also, I am responsible for training mechanics to
ensure work was being performed safely by OSHA standards and ensure a quality product was being produced to Frito and FederaVState
Regulatory Laws. Frito Lay developed my leadership skills requiring me to engage and develop persomel to meet KPIs. My college career at
MTSU, along with my vocation at ArcelorMittal and Frito Lay has provided me with great experience. My experience would nuke me a great
candidate for this position at your facility. Thank you for taking the time to look at my resume and considering my request. Sincerely, Aaron Lovely
Engineering Maintenance manager, who is a self-motivated, passiomte individual with excellent decision-making skill, is secking a technical
Position within an engineering team. Courses for an Engineering Technology degree require the ability to eam electrical and mechanical systers.
Successfiilly put my education to use and expanded my Ieaming in the electrical and mechanical field with my profession at ArcelorMittal and
PepsiCo Frito Lay Division. Strengths include communication, team work, problem solving skills, and leadership.

schivor anes

Engineering Business Unit Leader Jan 2015 to Current

Company Name i City , State

© Increased OEE performance from 13th rank to 4th in company by developing crewing models and using best practices with computer
management maintenance system.

© Managed yearly labor budget of $3.1 Million and parts budget of $2.4Million successfilly achieved a goal of S1 better to plan.

¢ Executed $1.2Million of productivity projects through automation, efficiency improvements & headcount reductions.

Project Engnneer Jan 2013 to Jan 2015
Company Name

© Managed yearly site capital budget of $825 Thousand in site projects of asset improvements,
« Awarded Productivity award for successfilly installing five robot cells.
© Developed teanmvork so that projects are completed on schedule.

Operations Technician Jan 2011 to Jan 2013
lena El CG

CRE Cort eioee CR Rue iio aii kO)SOLy Ekim
* Made safety solutions that supported the plant to "Zero time off due to injury YTD”.
¢ Awarded 86% of possible bonus duc to meeting yearly KPIs.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Sciences , Engineering Technology Computer Engineering Computer Science Middle Tennessee State University 14 City , State
Engineering Technology Computer Engineering Computer Science AutoCAD, Electrical Circuit Analysis, Programmable Logic Controllers,
Electrical Mechanical Systens, Instrumentation and Controls, Industrial Electricity, Engineering Economy, Visual Basics, C++, Technical Grammar
als

AutoCAD, C+, Visual Basics
