ENGINEERING MANAGER
Core Qualifications

© Executive Decision Maker
Process Design & Improvement
New Product Development
Strategic Planning & Development
Lean & Six Sig Practitioner
Saree (ra aD esi)
Budgetary and Policy Development
Automation Design
Quality Control
Project Management & Execution
cee neematel cts)
Ergonomic and Safety Conscious

Professional Experience
Engineering Manager 10/2012 to 03/2014 Company Name City , State

© Boyden, IA October 2012 - March 2014 Manufacturer of agricultural grain handing and sprayer products; and recreational vehicle, trailer,
and towing equipment. Engineering Manager Managing design engineering resources responsible for new product development and product
improvement efforts, as well as build operations engineering department for process development and improvernent implementation,

© Led implerentation of project management principles for effective new product development project execution.

© Led department reorganization, creating cohesive environment among design and manufacturing resources.

© Led Future State factory initiative to better align production resources.

Project Manager 05/2011 to 08/2012 Company Name City , State

© Oshkosh, WI May 2011 - August 2012 Military vehicle manufacturer, which includes HEMTT, MATV, LVSR, MTVR, HET, FMTV, and
commercial snow product. Project Manager Plan, develop, and execute programs and projects in accordance with strategic objectives and
business requirements. Drive for continuous improvement in order to become more profitable through effective resource allocation.
Managed the planning and execution of buikding expansion and autormted wash system implementation (1.5m).

Managed the transition and installation of assembly process for HEMTT military vehicles ($2.5).

Led cross-fimetional team to design, develop, and implement an electronic production control solution ($ 1m).

Worked with Operations team to "stand-up" new military vehicle inspection facility and process. ($2m)

Senior Manufacturing Engineer 01/2010 to 012011 Company Name City , State

© Jackson, MN 2010 - 2011 Ag equipment manufacturer, which includes Challenger, RoGator, TerraGator, Massey Ferguson, and Wilrar
products. Senior Manufacturing Engineer Improve productivity and on-time delivery by means of improving resource capability, the
utilization of Lean and Six Sigma productivity tools, and the development of production methodologies to be integrated into product design.

© Led teamto improve material review process to effectively address product non-confonmance and to reduce WIP.

* Led cross-fimetional team to continue development of tab & slot production methodology.

© Worked with team to standardize tooling and improve manuficturing capabilities for more efficient operations.

Senior Manufacturing Engineer 01/2008 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

© Spencer, IA 2008 - 2010 Company is a diversified industrial manufacturer, which includes the production of hydraulic pumps and motors.
Senior Manufacturing Engineer Led process improvement efforts for major core commodities within a hydraulics manufacturing facility.
Participated in new product development initiatives to ensure design for manufacturability, cost containment, and eflective resource
allocation.

© Designed and led implementation of machining resource reorganization for increased product velocity and better through-put for key core
oT eTiNaN LO COP RAUs eceacen mi Mis aiDermeliasboceb ica oy

© Coordinated efforts between manufacturing and design resources for improved resource capability. TODD KORBITZ
korbita@houmilcom

© 920) 716-6086

Manufacturing Engineer 01/2004 to 01/2008 Company Nan City , State

¢ Enmnetsburg, IA 2004 - 2008 Company is a manufacturer of aerial scissor lifts used to elevate personnel to heights of 30+ feet.
Manufacturing Engineer Led process improvernent and quality control efforts through the implementation of new tooling and automated
equipment which increased daily production output from 32 units per day in 2004 to 70 units per day in 2008, and substantially decreased
ainee ce thivanyatce

© Designed and managed implementation of robotic welding work-cells, which improved quality with a 70% reduction in rework and
improved human resource effectiveness to meet business needs.

¢ Improved tooling and fixturing that Ied to a 90% reduction in rework efforts due to uneven scissor stacks that “lean” when elevated at
maximum height.
