ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Summary

Acchallenging position ina Manufacturing, Engineering, or Research & Development environment where my overall technical background, along
with my leadership and decision making capabilities will be combined to contribute to company goals, enlargement, & productivity.

Highlights

* Excellent commumication techniques

© Lean principles knowkdge CRB ET lnre beneacsl renew a erurl Celt]
Microsoft Excel & Word Assembly drawing
Engineering operational fimctions Design instruction creation
Accomplishments

© Mastered engineering software programs, including Labview and ERP systems such as Microsoft AX Dynamics
Trained new and current employees for both operating procedures and manufacturing disciplines

Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problerss that arose during assembly.
Wonsenalingrssstocs nceebacenm a vioceOnulanlok UR Rome core oredii yeceReau tem

Contributed to an increase in productivity through improverrents in operations, quality, safety and administration.
CMe gree teh oseal eine raco mur ieR LeliRe any eevee a

schivor anes
Engineering Technician
April2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

J Exoultieg rene oe MEMES E NSU CTU et]

Help design & verify test fixtures are reliable for manufacturing sustainability

Mechanically asserrble components to specifications outlined by Engineering

Work on various projects with hb setup, supply ordering, and test execution tasks

QU rdecraecuieerieslycisnm em elecsee id

System Testing verification & analysis Software configuration testing.

Applied engineering principles to develop and operate electrical, mechanical and data processing systems.
Executed root cause analysis to improve yield and reliability.

Ran operational tests on systems and equipment to reinforce proper processes and remedy mualfimctions.
Carefilly organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity.

Siam costa Reality
February 2015 to April2015 Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsible for reworking incoming PCB boards:.
* Troubleshooting component level board testing.

¢ Analyze schematics to prepare failure diagnostics.

© Prepare test for either production or rework boards by setting up test station to specification.
* Maintained safety by verifying compliance and assuring proper factory testing.

Lead Manufacturing Technician Production Supervisor

February 2004 to June 2014 Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for the 2nd shift production operations then promoted to Production Supervisor.

Major accomplishments and duties in areas of Responsible for completing production orders in a timely manner in the AMR department -
Axsun Mechanical Robot

Perform ENG tasks as well as prototypes requested by R&D departrent

Assist with editing and creating ECOs, work instructions, and documentations

Handled the task of Production Equipment maintenance and troubleshooting by using proper protocols

Develop a working environment to ensure that quality, performance, and consistently are met

Submitted detailed reports or delays to Management and Engineering team on employee training, daily production goals, equipment failures,
Biepeerilcy

¢ Impknentation of simplified process for all manufacturing operations - acknowledge that processes be broken down into simplified steps,
characterizing process definitions and installed graphs and pictures to enhance operator’s knowledge of operations

Motivate and sustain commitment to lean manufacturing for all operators

Posses a good knowledge of various assembly line stations with working experience

Re-organized and stabilized the bottlenecks areas that poses threat to company goals
