ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN

Professional Profile

To obtain a challenging career in Electronic Technology field. Extensive experience successfillly testing and analyzing complex circuit packs and
systems. *Takes the initiative to take on challenging problems and follows through to their resolution. *Capable of working independently or as a
team player. *Worked with fiber optics receivers and transmitters since 1999.

Qualifications
Pe Orrhes need
: pa peed © Experienced in production scheduling
Anarene fey eet * Excellent problem solving skills
‘ i * Troubleshooting at component level
See egruniciee emia Y Aan een ee
+ A Establishing goals and setting priortiesi€c Microsoft Office Suite expert
© Teamplkyer
© Initiative to work independent
aaa chiesrates

Personally managed production activities to guarantee 100 % of orders were shipped on-Tine.
Promnted to Team leader within 4 yearsA of employment.
Pare mihonctmarnie mie crurernla war kaloanheirecanmtverentec tical ce.
Tracked daily processing reports with 100 % accuracy.
Cut inventory by more than halfand improved on-time delivery to 100 % by reducing the scrap.
Proudly rated by managerrent as a leading performer.A Worked with R&D and technical services teams in the execution of experimental
Breboeebnlonecd
Dee ce BOS LATA’
© Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly.

Aug oanan at acs
Engineering Technician 12/2014 14 052015 Company Name City , State

Tested CWB and analyzed to the component level.

Work from complex and detailed manufacturing documentation and/or verbal/written instructions.
Install parts along a moving production line.

Engage in the practical application of engineering science and technology.

Thermal Technician 07/2006 i Current Company Name City , State

A Leads the Thermal Production Line ; ;

Die au LlLe cee Ley y Lesbo eRe eco ct ole CULL UNAM

Fae Oboes Lack crineanestmeceaesneaiiet oe)

Work from complex and detailed manufacturing docurentation and/or verbalAwritten instructions

Apply basic mathematical skills to solve technical problemsA

Measure dimensions of products to verify conformance to specifications using measuring instruments such as rukrs, calipers, gauges and/or
Fieve tpaceaty

Handkd, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements

Perform leak checks on vacuum and mechanical asserrblies using leak detection systems

Set up and operateA production equipment in accordance with current good manufacturing practices and SOPsA

Calibrate andA Align focal plane arrays,A. perform video set-up, function test, verify alignment, electrical alignment, MRT, MRC and final
Rese Wr Wr anil Wey cd.

Prepare operational reports and provide information to supervisors

Recommended corrective actions to minimize rate of product defects

Communicate product and mchine failure details to the design team and reliability departmentsA

Maintain repair status in spreadsheets used in the production department quality review meetings

Technical Support Specialists 02/1992 1% 11/2003 Company Name City , State

Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.

Worked with engineers on troubleshooting issues with the test systems.

Performed testing and troubleshooting of any/all products including printed wiring boards integrated circuits and systems to meet engineering
specifications.

Trained peers on analysis processes getting them up to speed.

Performed daily analysis routines using established troubleshooting techniques, developing, and implementing new techniques.
Knowledgeable in the application ofadvanced electronics theories.
