ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN

Summary

Creative and innovative drafisman, passionate about buikling designs and advanced construction solutions.A A Secking the best opportunity to
firther enhance present professional experience and expand knowledge base on architectural designs, while growing with an organization.

Skills

3D modeling, architectural drafting, AutoCAD, read blueprints, carpentry, Detail oriented, drafting, ermal, floor plans, frame, 3dsMax, mechanical,
messaging, Microsoft Office applications, Multitasking, painting, problem solving skilk, reading, renovation, Revit, self motivated, supervisor
schivor anes

Engineering Technician

APA RE RH ewAt Go sslivaN ctr Ry Or meSyeL Co

* creating and finalizing drawings on building plans.

© Review projects with design and sealing engineers to find solutions to problems.
Assisting customers in the field via shop calls, ermal, or instant messaging.

© Multi-tasking between various jobs daily.

Material Handler
July 2014 to December 2014 Company Name i City , State

© Received instructions froma supervisor at the beginning of the work shift and was expected to complete the assigned tasks in a certain time
fiarre.
© Loaded and unloaded packages in metal containers and trucks.

Beg
June 2013 to August 2013 Company Name i'4 City , State

© Maintained campus upkeep and appearance.
* Repaired, Replaced, and installed signs around campus.

JanitoriaConstruction Laborer
June 2010 to August 2011 Company Name i City , State

¢ Maintained building appearance (including painting, cleaning, lawn care).
© Involved in renovation projects (including carpentry work and reading blueprints).
* Janitorial work (ckaning exam rooms and offices).
Education and Training
AAS : Drafting and Design , June 2015 ITT Technical Institute 1% City , State Drafting and Design Highest Academic Honors (3.4), Perfect

Attendance *Opportunity Scholarship Core classes in drafting fickl : 3D modeling, mechanical drafting, BIM, sustainability in design
Additional Information

* (WILLING TO RELOCATE)
