ENGINEERING LAB TECHNICIAN

Summary

To obtain a position in my field of Electronics with a company that offers opportunities for advancement based on strong technical skills and work
fucefelatialnees

alg

Construct, test and troubleshoot AC/DC circuits

Determine voltage, current, resistance and power by calculations and measurements

Identify electronic components and schematic symbols

Utilize oscilloscopes to measure AC frequency

Very proficient in soklering

Troubleshoot and identify faulty capacitors, inductors and transformers

Skilled in the use of hand tools for repairing and installing electronics

Ores eRe nM TiCR UIE iS LOUD ROA

Assemble/disasserble PCs and electronics to the component level

Familiar in C+, C++, Java script, SQL, Visual Studio, Microsoft Team Foundation, Microsoft Test Manager, Tera Term, GShell, Linux,
fox

Studied and understand Programmnble Logic controllers

Digital communications with fiber optics

Understand different types of transmission lines: twisted pair, UTP, shielded pair and coaxial
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook

Strong oral and written communication skills

Adapt to new technology at an accelerated rate

schivor anes
Engineering Lab Technician Jan 2014 to Jan 2016
Company Name i City , State

Run software tests, physical checks and Beverage QA tests on new technology being developed.
SER er gesree OP LAN RCUTAnaen cn

Perform regression, fimctional and smoke testing.

Use refractometers to test brix.

Use oscilloscopes to test wave pattems in circuits.

Support different platforms with software installation, light phumbing and testing.

Trained in All Beverage Quality test tools, including Reffactometer, Oscilloscope and Function Generators, Multimeters and all basic hand
Le)

Run various test cases on NEW Platforms to ensure stability m units before field release.
Responsible for Mechanically troubleshooting Lab Fixtures within the Freestyle Platform
Ow mets ene eh rea MCE nase eles suit ote cerilete

Work closely with software developers testing strategies in the implementation of software.
Microsoft test manager to write test cases and create bugs for software development.

Microsoft Team Foundation Server to add tasks to PBI's.

Tera Term software application to provide sshyserial connection to Linux platform devices.
GShell software to view modify on sub machines.

Engineering Validation Test Technician Jan 2012 to Jan 2014
Company Name i City , State

Test and validate new technology ftom automotive manufacturers.

Tonnes rer oR BNO Tne mela ecm

Build various wire hamesses for testing equipment.

Operate thermotron chambers to test stability in head units.

Perform continuity tests on wiring assemblies.

Run X-axis, Y-axis and Z-axis vibration tests.

Test DVD, CD, GPS, USB, and IPOD infotainment devices for manufacturers specifications.

Electromechanical Technician Jan 2010 to Jan 2012
Company Name i City , State

Build and calibrate 9500 series mercury porosineter instruments.
Build 2020 series chemisorption and physisorption instruments.
Ekctromechanical asserrbly.

Assemble PC Boards.

Use hand tools to build, calibrate and test entire units to completion.
Troubleshoot components when failures occur in unit boards.
Poste) emit siertee moa gem clue
