FACILITIES ENGINEERING MANAGER

Professional Summary

Provide leadership to developing engineering standards and ensure projects executed meet safety, fimctional, reliability, budget and schedule goals
for capital projects. Liaise with upper level management and engineering daily to resolve technical and/or operational issues. Continuous, efficient
and reliable operation using selected KPI's. Lead the efforts in specifying and selecting materials and component parts and collaborate with our
giobal organization to select and evaluate vendors, taking advantage of vendor expertise to incorporate into designs, improving quality and reducing
costs. Manage to continue successfill operations throughout the account. Develop a matrix to gather various utility expenditures and work to
reduce annual costs. Support key operations and business initiatives for operations, design, and facilities planning. Provide deep technical expertise
to the infrastructure group in the following areas: Building operations, Data Center, Capacity Panning, power management, HVAC operation and
aE MSH MBO arse ekteouLe Me LON Lene nme ALSO enue aula siieriramcCas rar izattet Ms ebtci0) to
preservation. Develop site solutions in support of various key inffastructure and business needs. Work to help develop overall solutions for
business projects spanning multiple disciplines and departments. Prepare documentation including: engineering designs, imventory asset
mmnagenent, physical view metrics, and performance reporting, to work directly with internal and external Site engineers, to create facilities and
site designs for new projects and upgrades. Plan and coordinate the implementation for new projects. Negotiate Pricing directly with vendors and
Lely cM El nen OP ecBLOUMeeSn OS Lam Cee Me LICR cue OSM OMe MM EG La hums eneinusi eR neMrnatena@isLenetey ei}
build activities. Project ROI data, and lead cross-organizational teams as needed.

schivor anes

FAV Sek @racanis

Facilities Engineering Manager Company Name i City , State

© Provide engincering and Facility management supervision to the Facilities Organization to ensure continuous operations of facilities related
systems including HVAC, Ekectrical systems, Security Systems, Data Center, Vacuum and others as needed.

Manage and operate within a 20 million annual budget.

Working within the corporate organization and several depts., such as legal, real estate, and procurement, on the development and
execution of contracts to ensure 100% compliance within MSA's for ownership and clients.

Ensure a safe and compliant work place, knowledge and adherence to applicable standards and regulations.

Manage daily maintenance and building systems operational activities for the facility.

Stewart epee Meu tb PEL e mariana

Manage contractors and employees involved in conducting maintenance work.

Manage EHS and Safety Committee to ensure that the facility is a safe work place.

Conduct meetings to review the buikling environment and conditions periodically to ensure that conditions are compliant with building and
Fiona lo

Test the finction of safety systems periodically, Ensure that all operates in Accordance and Compliance to Requisite Regulating Bodies to
include: NFPA, NEC, OSHA, EPA, Corporate, and Divisional procedures.

Provide kad design, project management and technical support for all engineering changes or modifications performed on the building.
Leading and coordinating with internal customers & project teams.

Effectively communicating with site management Formulating strategic project and operating plans and issuing pertinent reports.
Management and coordination ofall phases of work including the work of outside consultants, suppliers, and contractors.

Track performance to budget monthly Issue facility operation related purchase orders.

FASO ee Club presen gel cece

Develop strategic plans for cost reduction and optimization.

Demonstrate excellent project management skills.

Highly computer literate in various database software programs.

Excellent interpersonal and team working skills combined with good written communication skills.

Technical and working knowledge of facility design & safety standards.

OSHA, NFPA, IBC, NEC codes.

PU ROR ePLUbrT
Field Engineering Supervisor Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for the overall installation and commissioning of plant production/process machinery and systems.
© Duties include installing, troubleshooting, repairing, electrical and PLC, CPU's on monorail systerns for the laundry/linen industry.
© Experienced with PLC programming and a wide variety of controls and equipment automation.

10/2001 to 05/2007
Chief Plant Engineer Company Name if City , State
Chief Plant Maintenance Manager

in charge of maintenance, overseeing all plant processes, building, and production equipment.

Responsible for the operation and maintenance ofa high pressure steam plant and all auxiliary equipment.

Responsible for the operation and maintenance ofan industrial wastewater plant and associated systems.

Project manager during a vital system upgrade that Ied to an annual savings of over $350,000 per year.

Safety committee leader, directly responsible for the training and implementation of lock-out Tag-out, fork truck safety, and all general plant
ererluelice

Highly experienced with pneumatics, hydraulics, electrical, PLC, autormtion, HVACR.

Phurbing, welding and fabrication, and mechanical repair.
