QA ENGINEERING MANAGER

Professional Summary

Seasoned Engineering Manager with ability to build and motivate high-performing engineering team with over 14+ years of experience in cards and
payrents industry, committed to rapidly and efficiently completing projects by leveraging team-based frameworks to best leverage available
engineering talent. Selmotivated, forward thinking mindset, solution-focused, clear communicator, decision maker and probkem solver.

als

* QA Engineering software expertise - Design, Estimate,

oul ElU nue R Sener asa © Organization and Time managerrent - resource planning

© Technical communication skills - Bug Triage, reporting, © Leadership - Strategic Planning, Team building, Conflict resolution,
technical reviews, Root cause analysis Training & Development, mentoring

¢ Automation tools - Design and Implement © Behavioral skills - Forward-thinking mindset, Detail-oriented,

© Colkborating with stakehoKlers - Roadmp, Mamging Multitasking abilities, Flexible & Adaptable

rekases, Dens, Risk mitigation planning,

Work History
QA Engineering Manager , 01/2016 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© 20+ EMV certs in calendar year with team of 2+ cert Analysts.

© Managed fast paced project delivery from QA for time sensitive and key projects for company.

© Collis tool (TT) automation using Python to reduce EMV test cases execution time to 1 week for all brands, thus completing any EMV
certification within 3 months.

¢ Design test autormation using Katalon to for improved regression test coverage and reduce time to compkte release cycks to kss than |
Scud

© Managed and Impkmnnted spreadsheet based automation, that helped in improved test coverage and reduced production bug by 20% and
rolbacks by 80%.

© Performed resource and project trade off analysis to meet roadmap scheduk, product life-cycle (PLC\Software Dev Life-cycle (SDLC)

and QA requirements, resulting in development of best practice models.

Reviewed project goals and objectives on monthly basis with project manager and design team

Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

Managed team of 8 employees, overseeing hiring, training, and professional growth of erployees.

¢ 4 promotions within team including I lead and 1 manager.

Software Certification Analyst , 04/2015 to 01/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Instrumental in procuring Ist EMV certification within 6 months of joining.

* Reduced overall EMV certification timele from 1+ year to

¢ Automation of EMV Certification and Transaction link application using spreadsheet based input.

© Established myselfas go to person for any QA issue within QA and Merchant Implementations team.

* Created commnn test/tool strategy to supplement automnation for regression and functional testing, reduced time to market.

© Instrumental in doing POC on different test management tools (ypher, Jira, QA conpkete) to identify best suited for company needs(Jira).
Project Lead , 09/2005 to 04/2015

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Received core value awards - d€aeS YNERGY4€ in 2009 for team building and 4€oeSMARTA€E in 2012 for Individual performances.
Nominated for BRAVO award in First Data (2012 and 2014).

Automation improvement using PERL scripting,

Established involvernent of frontend application into Change release managerrent and helped to identify key issues during backend testing.
3 times achiever of 2€ae04€ issues in support queue as offshore lead.

Planned, executed and promoted total of 10+ releases in calendar year.

Produced quality standards, checklists, report templates and processes for same.

Developed and trained junior team members by leveraging industry experience to achieve optimal project strategy.

Education

Master of Computer Applications (MCA) : Computer Applications, Software Engineering, Databases, Networking, and Operating Systems ,
2005

PUPA ce Bh aesiNg

Bachelors of Science : Electronics , 2002

Devi Ahilya University - City

Micro-processors, Databases, Networking, and Operating Systems

Certifications
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) a€“ Certificate code: 1221056, Expires May 2022 Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL) - Certificate code:
