ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR
Summry

Entrepreneurial, analytical, and detailed oriented manager who, for over 5 years, both directed, and had hands on experience in, all aspects of
accounting fimctions ofa small engineering company. A natural disposition for problem solving and attention to detail that has led to a successful 23
year engineering and accounting career. A proven ability to accept and succeed with new challenges and responsibilities. Currently seeking the next
career challenge of continuing the path ofaccounting management ina small to medium-sized company that needs an involved professional with
demonstrated leadership experience.

era ian

© CPA candidate (passed in 2013) Aa eee

, pucwiepeienal ¢ Familiar with multiple accounting packages

© Goverment contracting experience © Comfortable working with teams of management and line employees
Accomplishments

EME tec Sa eM ENA CSO euilne ome ee eme ie vne Bien’
Managed accounting and engineering fictions ofa small, company from inception to sak.
Passed CPA exam in the state of Maryland.

Experience
Engineering Supervisor
August 2011 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Assisted Weatherford accounting team with financial integration and wind down of Aither Engineering, Inc.
Supervising company location buyer and troubleshooting issues regarding POs, receiving reports, vendor invoices, and payment vouchers
within J.D, Edwards enterprise resource planning (ERP) environment.
Managing a team of 4 direct reporting engineers and other indirect engineering staff across multipk,, simultaneous projects and sites.
Serving as a Project Engineer for Tier I (VP Ievel exposure) multi-year product development project involving engineers ffom3 company
facilities.
Providing both technical and professional oversight and mentoring to less experienced engineers including annual performance and merit
aa

Vice President
July 2006 to August 2011 Company Name i City , State

Built accounting system using Quickbooks Pro for small engineering spin-off from the ground up, passing two DCAA financial system
Thats

Supervised staffof7 engineers plus 1 bookkeeper.

Developed accounting policies and procedures for AP processing, AR colkctions, asset acquisition and disposal, allowed costs, and

indirect cost pools.
PB cute rinse ae eo serocoyd reromennintane Beanie ceca nil ae cm nile cenrel rycen sitne|
BIBI o He

Interfaced with and prepared data for both DCAA and investor Ied auditors.

Managed all federal and state tax filings as well as regulatory and DCAA filings such as annual Incurred Cost Submissions.

Reviewed company billings for both commercial and government customers.

Submitted goverment vouchers through Wide Area Work Flow system.

Prepared annual operating budgets and proposal budgets and monitored budgets for variances.

Maintained cash flow projections for company President and was responsible for Treasury fimetions.

Responsibke for company HR functions except for company retirement plan.

Contributed to engineering projects and programs involving fiber optic based sensors, semi-active dampers, on blade rotorcraft control, and
Cllvaucatine) eu con

Assistant Program Manager
July 1995 to July 2006 Company Name i% City , State

¢ Resuscitated, validated, and and took ownership of'a critical, company-constructed simuhtion tool needed in short order for customer
oh anise ice

© Provided US Navy ballistic missile submarine force level weapon system performance analyses incorporating proposed weapon system
programmatic changes.

© Developed ballistic missile warhead reentry simulation tool which allowed company to gain new work with key customer.

© Wrote technical business proposals and provided engineering assistance on Smmull Businesses Innovative Research projects, helping grow
projects into a self-sustaining business group within the company.

© Held top secret clearance.
