ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Ritirersa

To obtain a position in the fic of civil engineering technician where I can apply and impart the knowledge I have gained through experience and
college, as well as to acquire new insight through experience and application.

Accomplishments

°
cy

Home Improvement Projects.
LOT elec m ee T reece He) ecm Cems eB TchaTincem

Experience
Company Name August 2007 to Current Engineering Technician
Leanne

rd

Design/Drafling - Design of various capital improvernent projects including reconstruction, patching, HMA resurfacing, sewer lining/repair,
ol cal) od scape etn le cn ecME LES Ceca LS tape

Responsibilities include providing an accurate and compkete set of plans that are drawn to a city drafling standard.

Deestiueece tem oc hare iene G06) ela

Storm Water Utility Assessment - Review of development within the city to determine the assessment fee based on the amount of

peb coaelceico Rein Lens cm

Responsibilities include measurement of impervious area and assessment of fee.

Nes cleat od Petoh coms DCB Feroce aun

Surveying - Surveying duties include TOPO graphic surveys for capital improvement projects and survey of city infrastructure and utilities to
ULC m eat sloR Crem isle lenin om

Responsibilities include performing surveying computations and processing data.

Surveying equipment used Trimble GPS and Topcon Total Station.

Fik Maintenance - Maintain accurate base map drawings of subdivisions, right of way parcels, easements, storm sewer, sanitary sewer,
Fira yume Ricca meaner Lcce

Responsibilities include adding assets as development progresses and correction of existing assets as survey data is collected.

Rca otP Monae RO Sirlo Ie

Company Name April 2006 to August 2007 Senior Engineering Technician
(Or RSAC

Surveying duties included TOPO graphic surveys, land surveys, and construction surveys.

Responsibilities include performing surveying computations, processing data, and review of subdivision plats.

Surveying equipment used Ashtec GPS and Trimble 5600 Total Station.

Construction Inspection - Projects I overseen included asphalt resurfacing, street reconstruction, curb reconstruction, storm sewer and
CUE MONG e COON MSc Mmeeicurace Me shana relenys ime lne Ruchu NRCO Sal ete

Responsibilities included keeping daily records, measuring quantities, insuring compliance with plans and specifications.

© Design/Drafling - Design of'a street reconstruction project that included street widening, storm sewer reconstruction, sanitary sewer

reconstruction, and water main reconstruction.
I have ako designed several storm sewer projects.

¢ Responsibilities included performing drainage calculations, sizing storm sewer and sanitary sewer pipe, meeting design criteria and writing

Silcelbeitoice omsielicum
I have ako drafted many survey plats and section comer certificates.
Drafting software used AutoCad and Eagle Point.

Company Name May 1998 to April 2006 Engineering Technician
LenS

Ce

Surveying - Over 7 years of'surveying experience including land surveys, TOPO graphic surveys, and construction surveys.
Responsibilities include performing surveying computations, processing data, drafting, and supervision of survey crew.

Surveying equipment used Trimble GPS and Geodimeter total station.

Environnental Sampling - Over 6 years of sampling at 7 different sites.

Responsibilities include sampling of water and soil, maintenance of bioslurp remediation system, and completion of chain of custodies and
other required paperwork.

Construction Inspection - Over 3 years of construction inspection experience including bridge, bike trail, street, and airport runway, both
asphalt and concrete.

Responsibilities include keeping daily records, measuring quantities, insuring compliance with plans and specifications.

© Stream Gauging - Over 2 years ofstream gauging on 4 different river basins, including the Iowa, Des Moines, Raccoon, and Cedar rivers.
¢ Drafling- Over 2 years of drafting experience including assisting a ead drafts person on street improverrent projects, plat of surveys, and

corner certificate drawings.
Drafting software used Microstation.

Education
