SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGER

RStreratag

Experienced software engineer, and hands-on engineering manager with 20+ years of product development experience in broadcast media, and
10+ years of experience in leading development teams (20+ engineers), hiring (10+ offers, 40+ interviews), HR personnel procedures,
performance reviews, and project transitions.

Professional Experience

September 2009

to

Current

Company Name City , State Software Engineering Manager

Visual C+, Windows, STL, OOP, MFC, threads, file maps, ATL, IPC, FTP, TCP, HTTP, XML, JSON, services, web services, REST

API, SOA, media formats and standards, codec SDK and integration, MPEG-DASH, API design and documentation.

BCD spinoff as Inmagine in 2013) Nexio video servers and applications facilitate collaborative workflow in Nexio LAN with video servers,

Ros eestn ey yobs Lenn rain ce eR Teena

¢ Media cones from proprietary SAN or generic storage off NAS.

Development and team management, Nexio servers’ applications, Playout business unit: Relocated from IL to CA, took on larger rok, and

video server applications as well.

Led teamof6 from Burbank, team of 8 from Naperville, and team of 8 (indirect report) from Beijing,

Introduced peer reviews, repurposed components, and all3 tears collaborated as one large team.

Adopted Scrum since 2014 (ScrumMaster), team of3 to 6 from Burbank; Napervilk office closed in 2013.

Team migrated source revision control to Mercurial / Jenkins, 30+ products.

Recipient of "Reuse Innovation Award" for IP reuse, major factor to Server business unit tumaround.

Rekased deliverabks for Nexio Software Suite 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, Global Proxy Suite 2.5, 3.0, 3.5 Initiated, architected and executed SOA

fromconcept to completion to facilitate decoupled UI clients, 2 web services and 10 services, and selected hands-on projects include:

Hercules web service for web player solution based off MPEG-DASH Created C++ engine to process URI, handie sessions, and deliver

segmented MP4 atoms (H.264, AAC) Provides dynamic HTMLS player page; JavaScript source based off dash JS.

Supports multiple raster sizes and bit rates; "ready to go" and "just in time" sessions.

Team helped with providing C# web service framework, CLI bridge layer, and device testing.

Published fictional, REST API, and URI specification document.

JSON services on TCP stack using C-++- as part of SOA Created API framework classes; multi-threaded server side socket classes.

Created header only JSON parser on top of open source "rapid json" for SAX style reader.

Developed new services: Content Manager, Helper, Picon, and Requestor.

Evolved as services: Encoder, GPRX, Helios, MB, Scavenger, and Transcoder.

Guided GPRX, Helper, and Requestor to compktion.

Published 10 JSON protocol API documents for 3rd party and in-house use.

Content Manager service for primary-backup workflows Multi-threaded rules based engine to manage media contents between two

domains.

7 Uoiioueemn keane ech rate OWI DL rkeckce nivel (Lora BomranAneecloumrentcHn ences al Tia

Scavenger, Transcoder for low-res proxy management Needed solution to improve kegacy products, required regular hand holding,

remnined escalated.

¢ Proposed new approach, teamed up, and successfilly wrote two new 24/7 products.

© MediaBase DLL, desktop explorer for assets (C++, MFC) Guided to optimize original implementation for 200K IDs to meet storage
Rela line nance

¢ Achieved constant UI performance under few milliseconds regardkess of user operation.

Proposed to introduce "dta-handker" architecture in fip-server Approach helped to consolidate all media formats as one product build, and

Resta

Team added one converter DLL per media container format for import and export.

November 2005

to

PATS AUN)

Company Name City , State Software Engineering Manager

¢ Development and team management, Nexio editing applications: Led team of 8 ftom Napervilk, and team of 8 (indirect report) from
bSraThinem

¢ Hired, mentored and built core editing team to size of 8, and collaborated with expanded team in Beijing,

¢ Established development process document for consistent procedures and peer code review guidelines,

© Teamestablished crash dump analysis procedures to help troubleshoot hard to repeat issues.

¢ Released deliverabks for Video Editing Suite 2.5 Proposed architecture and teamed up to develop server integration modukes for video
broadcast workflows.

August 1997

ie)

October 2005

Company Narme City , State Principal Software Engineer
