ENGINEERING INTERN
Professional Summary
Petroleum Engineering Graduate and Military Veteran seeking a full-time position in an organization that will allow for professional growth, a long
career, and meaningful employment. Over 4 years of operations and management experience and 6 months of Engineering Intemship experience
working on multi-million dollar projects. Highly-motivated and quick kamer. Can perform in fast-paced environments, make sound decisions, and
direct and provide personnel with technical guidance. Embraces new challenges.
Core Qualifications

CRS Mele cl tn)

Co hcotte es] Retest (tied

© Tube fimnaces

Experience
06/2015 to 08/2015
Engineering Intem Company Nan i City, State

© Reviewed project instructions and specifications to identify, modify and plan requirements.

© Used software applications to simulate working conditions of units and components in order to investigate proposals for improving
och serangasenni neem

PORT conan nnn ekarunccnnagnanarctimenimcouornantcckecdulariican

© Obtained specified equipment performance by calculating required capacities of proposed systerms.

¢ Analyzed equipment performance by reading dials and meters which measure temperature, pressure, volumetric output and input at

operating conditions.

Developed safety and operating procedures to be employed by workers who operate pipeline equipment.

Developed total utilization tool for all natural gas compressors maintained by the company.

© Developed blow-down sizing tool and purge-time tool for various pipe configurations to be used in pipeline operations.

06/2014 to 08/2014
Field Engineering Intern Company Name ¥% City , State

Prepared production progress reports for management.

© Scheduled the project in logical steps and budgeted time required to meet deadlines.

Conferred with supervisory personnel, owners, contractors, and design professionals to discuss and resolve matters such as work
procedures, complaints, and construction problens.

Directed and supervised workers by pinning, organizing, and directing activities concemed with the construction of systems.
Operated and muintained personal protective equipment.

Verified that safety equipment was available to employees, and monitored the use of equipment.

Inspected facilities, machinery, and safety equipment to identify and correct potential hazards,

09/2011 to 01/2012
Assistant Service Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Provided customer service by greeting and assisting customers and responding to customer inquiries.

Supervised employees who were engaging in saks, inventory-taking, reconciling cash receipts, and performing services for customers.
Monitored sakes activities to ensure that customers received satisfactory service and quality goods.

Instructed staff on how to handle difficult and complicated saks.

Examined merchandise to ensure correct prices are displayed and that the product fiinctioned as advertised.

Authorized payments and merchandise returns when probkms arised.

Performed work activities of subordinates such as cleaning shelves and organizing displays.

Trained and evaluated personnel in sales and marketing skils, while recommending employees for promotion or termination when
Econ acm

Prepared work schedules and kept records ofemployees' schedules and time cards.

09/2006 to 10/2010
Non-Commissioned Officer Company Name 1% City , State

Provided kadership, instruction, training, supervision, and mentoring to a team of 4 to 30 members.

SroecR omnes pccelnre Ute UaiNmen ie kde Wie Mes Siler cneccecel mee kserallan nl (ce Giana
Monitored execution of operations involving security, safety, logistics, communication, equipment and personnel tracking,
Performed log keeping of significant events regarding security, safety, operations, commumications, and reported to higher evel of
isletean cM bet pLacccdiaa

Oversaw area of operations by commumicating with incoming units, relaying pertinent information, and tracking their progress.

¢ Supervised the administrative operations ofa fledgling foreign police force, and provided operational and technical guidance.
Developed into a qualified leader who trained and directed teams while coordinating with supporting units,

Education
May 2016
