ENGINEERING MANAGER
Ss
To design, develop and manage products in the field of consumer electronics devices, networking protocok, internet applications and connected
devices. Vision to create personalized experiences based on machine kaming.
Highlights
© Linux, Unix, RTOSs - OS 9 & VxWorks, DOS,
MS- Windows,
Socs related to media phryers and set tops --
Broadcom, Intel, STMicro, Sigrm DesignA
Microprocessors/micro controllers -- ARM, Once RL Laie on oneed eee recnea recent Con ener.
RI SSRE SUEUR Ante? BCL a SE Middkware, applications, Device Drivers, Hardware, multimedia streaming and
Digital and analog hardware phyback, consumer electronics, cable, industrial and power plant automation.
Streaming, playback, Live, VOD, HLS, MP4 Advanced knowkdge ofembedded systems
HTMLS5 MSE. EME, Video tag, MHP, OCAP, _ Interface design and implementation
Bheray, BD-J, java security flamework. XML Advanced knowledge of content protection systems
ORCA or LOLE Oa orb Sc ow Ceo sR Pare uL tome cLLLCe ee ie eGR LEIS E SLC AS Lem ROLL
, J2ME(CDC, PBP),JVM,ODBC,DAVID _¢ibedded web browser based systems.

¢ JSON RPC, REST and SOAP. Agile Development process
* NASC, Linux containers A - LXC Contributing in specification groups.
* Control theory Managing open source code and associated licensing ruks.
¢ Familiarity with machine leaming techniques - Master's thesis in adaptive control, penchant for machine eaming
logistic regression, Neural networks Managing cross fictional - cross vendor development, interfacing with 7
OM osrritr ai conined cotatareg neta ered obo ewe Si olined cles Mm EL aH Coe bed UTD LL CTE eae Cleat nego Abe ool AN

Tensorflow, DLAJ openCV
Familiarity with CUDA and computer vision
« Mathb, Octave

Accomplishments

Instrumental in building first generation Bluray players. Led development of BD-J stack, which was one of the most complex piece of software in
eis cya ssn

Bes ek aan and development of platform software for Nucleus middleware for Seachange, managed large teams spanning multiple projects.
ae

Helped architect and develop high performance software for set-top platform on a very tight deadline.

Responsible for representing Pioneer technically as a CE industry member in OCAP specification group and suggesting findarmental changes to
spec to satisfy needs of CE industries in cable market.

Developed excitation contro! system for alternators, built complete hardware and software for the product.

schivor anes

Engineering Manager

November 2010 to May 2016 Company Name i'4 City , State

* Managing multiple work streams and teams related to platform software development for set-top boxes. Interacting with customers,
vendors and multipk cross fimctional groups. Managing product development and supporting deployment of products.A

Evangelized and led development of new middleware solution for OTT and othermultimedia playback on set-tops. The middleware is being
designed for a very responsive user experience, minimum copy transfer of buffers along playback/record pipelines, high performance
playback of multiple contents in several video windows and content security. The middleware was driven by of JSON APIs routed from
Pere Acerca tan

Leda team for developing cutting edge platform software solution for set-top box for MSOs.The software has several features like
HTMLS UI with webkit/QT, hommetworking, DVR, content protection, DRM and playback on 2nd screendike iPads etc. Software is
deployed ona Broadcom SeC with Liberty Global inPoland and Czech republic. Worked on EOS flavor of this productwhich is going to
be deployed in some countries in Europe by end of this year. Worked on optimizing the stack for low latency wrt resource managerrent and
channel changes. Also worked on leading a team of developers towards development ofsoftware components for headless gateway
product for home networking with new Intel Chipsets.A The middleware was driven by of JSON APIs routed from froma mini web server.
Leda group towards porting of Comcast RDK phtform on ST Micro SoCs foset-tops. Leda group towards porting/development of
Roches Ow Baer Om Mele ROe nieces steric

ae
PCiucanna ole Lo mw ata Cous
January 2004 to November 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Worked on development of technologies in the field of consumer electronics.

© Leda team of engneers towards development of BD-J stack for Bhrray Players. Wrote initial code for some core modules like file system
and application management, led the development of other moduks for the stack - security framework, JMF and Java TV subsystem,
interactive audio, graphics subsystem (based on AWT, HAViand DVB extensions) and all other BDJ specific modules. Led the efforts on
all certifications required for BD-J (JAVA, BD+, BD-J APIs ). Worked on supporting the product in market after shipment.

© Played critical role in development and architecture of OCAP middleware, the technology was later sold to a third party. Contributed to
