PEGI USSU CREAN NG) ES
SUrotereral bie isa
Eketrical Engineer with 20+ years of experience in semiconductors microlithography and strong project management background. Scope of work
required extensive background in equipment engineering mmintenance and process sustaining, Utilized experience in cross-fimetion activities with
CeCe roe Petco mean Om cen cbnmachanecneneraam Mcp giurirerei ete ren tenth
Outstanding communication skills in task-mikestone reports provided senior level management with clear forecast of project competion. With
additional experience in application marketing engineering, led team of business development managers and R&D engineer to grow DUV business
for DOW chemicals globally from $ 300k to > $ 20 million 3 years. Management skills Excellent leadership skills in cross-fimetional, team-
Pas eC er ann Cn ec RUM Lelia Re ona meein i lel B nN TCDc en Bri One E packed pki emit) ie
Ponte neal premtater oneal a gen edleelmen ko isl arent ude Tm MENA r nai at ote
trend data with measured outcomes Dedicated Operations Manager demonstrating effective keadership in all aspects of the job. Excels at cutting
costs and streamlming operations. Tech-savvy Project Manager versed inall aspects of project management from inception to completion. Excels
in recruiting and talent acquisition, as well as process reengineering and improvenent. Skilled Operation Manager with solid experience managing
all evels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration.
NaS
¢ Budget development
¢ Exceptional interpersonal communication ¢ Staff training/development

© Effective kader © Consistently meet goals
© Budget development ¢ Efficient multitasker
¢ Deadline-oriented
Work History
Engineering Manager , 01/2000 to Current

Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Manage the performance and facilitating the development of direct report Encourage team member engagement by setting challenging goals

and communicating line of sight Partnering with global counterparts on process.

Transfer and technology issues and industry direction Managing Projects to ensure deliverable are compkted within the required constraints

(schedule, cost, resources,etc) Partnering with equipment and process counterparts, purchasing, facilities , contractors and vendors to buy,

Snipes cee cae ion ROLY como cul cue Rin ect an meraulacusolia verte Rae mau nomee tit

specialists, and technicians in operations, process and equipment Plan and improves standardized production method and objectives to

Biol ane b areal NAR Coanastn Rae cia cle hace

Arena ale ace ee AOR MECCA E Tere Me Ne ortuea oan cent Roce meri ed

key relationship and building strong teams to achieve impactfill results Designed an effective Quality system visual management tool used by

QSM to identify and resolve potential 1ISO9000 findings prior to certificate audits Chaired multi-site mission based team of integration,

econ cg ouncane ig on oe eo nh cneiic uM Cm TneT ee carl) cB lecctela Cac nl aCe ete

Ro AMee Leon PaCC Ua MMe M on ane CCT MCie Ron) Ocenia Waralme ite ayn ea CEC

COCR Me eon tb en re cene Mitel linm@oay corre bye ce owl kts nate

Troubkeshoots and develops countermeasures for problems of quality , productivity , and employce relations using root-cause probkm

Re ide Decco RON eM Monn Tiare gy nomenriconckine hrm carrer bemad hes cern a)

POMP MMA MONS ANOECE ORS cue gers remelS hurler icra tee

¢ Responsible for environmental reporting and compliance.

© Formukte and manage development and impkirentation of goals, objective, policies and procedure related to Quality Management system.

Assure that effective operation of document control system and maintenance of relevant records, including efficient execution of change

orders and change contro! Monitor supplier's quality performance and manage probkm solving activities.

Evaluate and disposition discrepant material in conjunction with material management, engineering and operations Manage internal

customer/supplier and ISO audits, including closing out finding, creating audit finding reports and determine proper corrective and

Se reananal heal oom

© Manage and ensure that all intemal and extemal non-conforming reports are address on timely basis.

¢ Utilize and develop metrics that provide insight into the performance of Quality System, present report finding and make recommendations
for improvenent in outcomes.

CRW One Roares a Thc Pi conor eka sned neces raiment cae ini

¢ Ensure that all Staffis filly conversant with safety matters and procedures arising from the site operations to comply with EHS standards.

ST eer ae senee Lec Mace Senne eevee kona FIA a Meee orale nts e mule Te ed

kads all site staff to ensure that outstanding levels of customer services are maintained at all times Communicates individual and group

VOOM ea LCOP Pree ALLS a Nall ee ce anata Cancers em

Support department in implementation improvements programs Ensure capturing of'actual cost in line with implementation costing models on

periodic basis.

¢ Assist in identifying the cost elements as part of cost management team

* Consolidates the inputs received from corporate departments and other business units to present the company kevel budgets, plans and
rolling forecast.

¢ Assist in implenentation ofapproved costing model for respective lines of business/products from Group perspective Coltte actual cost in
line with impkrented costing models ona periodic basis.

Se Rca nicr Demure nes enctovenj mun epee ed uncom OMinsea trenton oan ana)
manufactures Develop process parameters for new products Lead equipment specialist and engineers on equipment qualification and
