ENGINEERING TEAM LEAD
LOnoae Oana aNg

Engineering Team Lead with years of experience working at every kvel and stage of the software developrrent life-cycle. Independently motivated
to discover new techniques through selfevaluation and improverrent. Qualified in coaching individuals and teams on Agik and Scrum principks.
Detail-oriented professional with extensive software development experience using a wide variety of languages. Believes success is defined by

a tetatlinexeon ares Bubspeccieere rime aun cs

Qualifications
e Agi coach eas
sa enor : pte alae
° ena ¢ Rektional database design
CaSenbninag
Nias
© ASP, C#, VB.NET, SOAP, REST
© JQuery, Bootstrap, CSS, HTMLS
¢ MSSQL, MYSQL, DTS, SSIS, SSRS
° IIS5,1S6
Cer akul mse irr eraiersti)
© Objective C, PHP, Perl
Accomplishments

¢ Designed and prototyped payment processing system for new and legacy applications. Worked closely with product owners and team to
ensure project delivery was a success.

Served as agik project manager for multiple application buid-outs. Each resulting in long term contracts with clients and new saks.

Ord rekanvccn Ma cH Cenk Ate renee ou ee eee oui Umy Laem cemnetice «nbn ke\iag
Cue

¢ Successfully developed and implemented processes for improving customization delivery and service level agreements.

Work Experience

Engineering Team Lead Mar 2011 to Current

(OO HT a Nhe ROLES HIC!

Coordinate the product road-map through facilitating planning meetings and preparing feature-sets, Prepare technical architecture proposals for
enhancements and integration of existing third party software systems. Design, document and execute engineering procedures, including
customization delivery, escalation and technical modemization enhancements. Coach and mentor individuals on principks of software developnent.

Software Engineer Nov 2008 to Apr 2011
COO HINA hen LOSI!

Responsible for research, design and development of enhancements to web based applications. Ensure agile software development principks are
followed through coaching and mentoring development teams.

Web Developer Nov 2006 to Dec 2008
Company Name 1% City , State

Develop and maintain web-based applications.

Jr. Software Engineer Dec 2005 to Dec 2006
Company Name 1% City , State

Investigate tier 2 evel issues. Perform maintenance kevel development changes.

Education and Training
Associate of Science , Software Engineering 2015 Mihvaukee Area Technical College 1% City, State , US

Working part-time towards an associates under a transfer agreement with MSOE.
Principles of Management 2011 MRA 1% City , State , US
