SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGER

Professional Profile

20+ years of software product development experience in broadcast media, video servers, editing, large scale applications, and 24/7 services, with
emphasis on simpk solutions, user experience, and teamwork. *10+ years of experience in kading software development teams working across
locations (

Qualifications

20+ software engineers), team buikiing, hiring (10+ offers, 40+ interviews), HR personnel procedures, mentoring, performance reviews write up,
peer reviews, and project transitions. *Proficient: Visual C++, Windows, STL, OOP, MFC, threads, file maps, memory management, COM,
ATL, IPC, FTP, TCP, HTTP, XML, JSON, services, web services, REST API, SOA, media formats and standards, codec SDK and
integration, MPEG-DASH, API design and documentation.

Relevant Experience

REST API and URI specification document for Hercules web service.

Reuse Innovation" award at Harris Corporation for reuse of the core IP from NLE product suite in Nexio server product suite.
‘The editing IP reuse contributed to the Server business unit tumaround.

Consistent "role model" performance review during principal engineer years.

Certified ScrumMaster, Scrum Alliance, Dec 2014 - Dee 2016.

Products: http/Awww.imaginecommunications.conyproducts/playout/video-servers.

Ce

Experience
Nee onuincase Vola nag
September 2009 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Limited: C#, HTMLS, CSS, JavaScript.

¢ BCDof Haris Corporation spinoffs Inmgine in 2013) Nexio video servers and applications facilitate collaborative workflow in Nexio
LAN with video servers, services and applications running in various nodes.

Media conxs from proprietary SAN or generic storage off NAS.

Developrrent and team management, Nexio servers’ applications, Playout business unit: Relocated from IL to CA, took on larger rok, and
video server applications product suite as well

Led teamof6 from Northridge, team of 8 from Napervilk, and team of 8 (indirect report) from Beijing,

Scrum development methods since 2014, team of 3 to 6 from Burbank; Naperville office closed in 2013.

Team migrated source revision control to Mercurial / Jenkins.

Led SOA initiative from concept to completion, 2 web services, 10 JSON services, and decoupled UI layers.

Rekased deliverables for Nexio Software Suite 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, Global Proxy Suite 2.5, 3.0, 3.5 Major hands-on projects include: Hercules,
web service for web player solution, based off MPEG-DASH Hosts player URI, provides REST API, and delivers fragmented MP4 atoms
(H.264 video, AAC audio).

Provides HTMLS player page, and JavaScript source based off dash JS.

Supports multiple source types, and "ready to go" and "just in time" sessions.

C# web service framework API layer bridges with unmanaged C++ engine via managed C++ CLI layer.

Team helped with providing web service framework, CLI layer, and device testing,

JSON services on TCP stack using C++- JSON protocol API framework classes; multi-threaded server side socket classes.

JSON routines, header only parser solution on top of open source "rapid json".

JSON protosim, common unit test application for all JSON services.

New services: Content Manager, Helper, Picon, and Requestor.

Evolved as services: Encoder, GPRX, Helios, MB, Scavenger, and Transcoder.

Guided services GPRX, Helper and Requestor to compketion.

Content Manager service Rules based engine to manage media contents, and metadata updates between two domains.

Ripetens zeae oueck bi sliauee niin alee comes meen Orie uclt eer sete

NX-thene DLL, skinning SDK (C++, MFC) Applied selective API detour, Window procedure intercept, and application message queue
intercept.

© Accomplished consistent look and feel of GUI, and team applied this SDK to multiple GUI products.

¢ Transcoder, Scavenger, applications for low-res proxy creations (C-H+, threads, TCP, binary protocol) Needed solution to improve kegacy
products that required regular hand holding,

Teamed up, took new approach, and successfilly wrote two new products to manage escalation.

MediaBase DLL, Nexio explorer (C-+++, MFC) Guided to optimize original implerrentation for support up to 200K IDs.

Achieved constant UI performance under few milliseconds regardless of user operation.

Initiated to introduce “dta-handler” architecture in ftp-server product Approach helped to consolidate all media forts as one product
buik, and scahbility.

© Teamadded one converter DLL per media container format for import and export.

Software Engineering Manager
November 2005 to August 2009 Company Nan i City , State

er Cr ee

Ca ee ey

¢ Development and team management, Nexio editing applications: Led team of 8 ftom Napervilk, and team of 8 (indirect report) from
bse
¢ Established software development process document including peer code review guidelines.
