ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN

Summary

Work as engineering technician on fault isolation area saving medical devices from electrical failures that could be reworked at site depend the
ekctrical failures. Delivering $1,200 per each device that can be saved at site. Implement new electrical test location that affect yield per site,
medical devices and machinery that cost $5k each equipment. Reducing electrical disposition and operator overtime work.

schivor anes

Engineering Technician

RET gal RRR Gara clan ti cha OTM mECIT| Ce

© Work as an Engineering Technician on Fault Isolation area that involves electrical disposition of medical devices that fails on different
electrical test on the manufacturing process. Preventive and corrective maintenance of equipment as electrical tester machinery and
equipment that are involve on manufacturing process. Develop documentation as IQ, OQ, PQ, IQP, PPQ and others documents to validate
new eketrical machinery that arrives to the site.

® Troubleshoot medical devices that fail daily on electrical process operating customs software developed by the company, power supply,

Pico amp meter, source meter, DMM, Digital Phosphor Oscilloscope and custom software.

Simbel esau ene eranm pce laine Vea

Installation and Operational Qualification Protocol of 3 new different electrical testers.

Monthly Preventive and corrective maintenance of electrical testers and troubleshooting electronic circuit boards and electronics modules

that are part of the equipment.

© Daily Production First Pass Yield report of electrical production process and evaluate failures on report to work as soon as possible with
the machinery that have a continuous electrical failures that impact daily production targets.

© Soklering experience with both through-hole and surface mount technologies, repair cables, comector, and electronic fixture assembly on
ESD sensitive environment. Assembling and, wiring new equipment that arrive at site using schermtic diagrarrs.

Tnstrurent Technician
RE AUG ROR nM eaGQe lian click LON mECT l(c

¢ Addecco Service Daily Calibration of instrument used on manufcturing areas that are used for manufacturing process and monitoring
temperature and humidity ofall rooms were products are develop to ensure good quality products.

* Technical work that involved, repair, installation, troubleshooting, loop checking calibration of equipment and process control systems used
SPs Micla Reale etal ices else

© Preventive maintenance work that involves monthly calibration of equipment as PSI gauges, Temperature and Humidity chart recorders,
conductivity sensors, torque testers used on packaging area, PH sensor, Flow meter instrument ete

© Daily weigh balance calibration used on analytical labs and manufacturing process rooms as Mettkr Tokdo, Sartorious etc

Ur ee@ Gls nawaCccnlh as
January 2005 to January 2011 Company Name i City , State

© Work on projects estimation for electrical mechanical and instrurrent installations, imstrurrent, electrical and mechanical maintenance for
pharmaceutical and biotechnology facilities. Work as intern contractor on Amgen as maintenance technician of Utilities. Electrical and
Mechanical Technician:

© Preventive and corrective maintenance of pneumatics valves, ball valves, exhausts fans and other instrurent as AIT, TE, Speed sensors,
Flow Meters, PIT and LIT following GMP's and SOP documents.

© Work on installation, troubleshooting and equipment repair following all GMP's and documentation report of all malfimction findings that
cause the problem

* Work on the development and executed the implementation and validation protocol of new equipment to ensure it meet all design and
specification and site regulation.

© Participate in improvements of new corrective and preventive maintenance to get equipment out of risk.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Electrical Engineering , 2009 POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY OF
PUERTO RICO, PR Bachelor of Science in Ekctrical Engineering, 2009 ~ GPA: 2.50/3.00

Accomplishments

Accomplished, proactive engineer with entry level experience in programming, testing, analysis, and design. Possess extensive educational
qualifications with Bachelor degree in Science of Electrical Engineer with a minor in Control System Design. Recognized for strong adherence to
safety, ability to work well as team member and leader, and exceptional work ethic. Proven technical, interpersonal communications, and training
skills. Core competencies and professional strengths include

Certifications

AIT

Bate

esti)

als

Maintenance, Corrective Maintenance, Documentation, Industrial Machinery, Preventive Maintenance, Sensors, Biotechnology, Electrical
Mechanical, Estimation, Hydraulics, Mechanical Technician, Pneumatics, Project Manager, Sop, Manufacturing Process, Apgp, Assembly, Circuit
Boards, Dim, Electrical Test, Esd, First Article Inspection, Inspection, Medical Devices, Oscilloscope, Production Process, Schematic,
Soldering, Surface Mount, Test Engineer, Througi-hole, Wiring, Calibration, Control Systems, Packaging, Process Control, Sensor, Temperature
