MECHANICAL ENGINEERING TUTOR

Trp cnsta

POO m ER nancm yoann PonuLcomulCneer crema nics yest elesnunacs nce eeomtncusucte ila an cm tae ee
OU ecee Oca keLeg rons Oe e@eistneeten eines Ucletvelrana

nent

Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook), AutoCad,

Experience

September 2014 to Septerrber 2015

Company Name Mechanical Engineering Tutor

© Subjects tutored- Mechanics, Probability and Statistics, MATLAB, Operations Research, Calculus.
© Helped students understand the basic concepts of Physics and Calculus.

RDP RRO PC)
Company Name Assistant Professor
August 2011 to July 2012

© Developed coursework and took Kectures for 120 undergraduate students.

© Subjects taught Heat and Mass Transfer, Strength of Materiak.

Seu OC anna era ane om Lami b icp) acgUlcmOcreciie arab in Vautcns
© Faculty In-charge Mechanical Engineering students association (MESA) chapter.

© President-Indian Society of Heating, Reffigeration and Air Conditionmg Engineers college chapter.

April2010 to August 2013
Company Name Intem

Design Project: Development of Central Chilled water plant system layout for a 45000sq.
fi.

ICT gen va

NiitcrocRied nro eca nan Biaiceaieney arena’

Headed the Intern team and presented weekly progress reports to the Lead Design Engineer Academic Projects: Analysis of LASER
lO TeChiee ele Mee rN

Studied the effects of Laser Cladding by Preplaced powder method on mid steel.

Cakulated the effects of different parameters affecting the LASER clad.

Reduced the usage of powder by 30% and LASER power by 20% Banking Database Management System.

Designed a banking database management system for bankers which could calculate the credit score for new customers.
Designed and created a database in MySQL.

Mh) rea RCl BrP co nic SAO MU albemcmera Mince ec toe gales Rosia

Pe Pc MatH nos ogoeMaviecenel wel tcebeeer esi ce

Analyzed publicly available data froma website.

Developed models for optimizing the availability of police officers.

Used Excel and AMPL for solving these models and scheduling the officers based on each model.

Education

May 2016

POMEL CR ON aNISY

piralicur pounce

Master of Science Industrial Engineering 3.15

May 2011

University of Mumbai

Mechanical Engineering

Bachelor of Engineering Mechanical Engineering 3.9 Sustainable Energy Sources, Project Life Cycle Management, Design of Engineering
Experinents, Probability and Statistics, Heat and Mass Transfer

Pia nesihy

Volunteer Teacher, Akanksha Foundation, May 2008 - Aug 2013 *Helped students from the underprivileged sections of the society to
understand basic concepts of Mathematics *Coach for their Cricket and Field Hockey teams

Skills

Academic, AutoCad, banking, basic, Calculus, credit, database, Database Management System, Engineer, Experiments, GUI, LASER, layout,
Materials, MATLAB, Mechanical Engineering, Excel, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Power Point, Word, MySQL, Optimization, Physics, Police,
progress, Research, Retail, Scheduling, Statistics, VBA, website

Additional Information

© Activities: Volinteer Teacher, Akanksha Foundation, May 2008 - Aug 2013 *Helped students from the underprivileged sections of the
society to understand basic concepts of Mathematics *Coach for their Cricket and Field Hockey teams
