CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR.
RStinerstag
Skilled security professional with 20 years providing security services in federal buikiings, corporate settings, apartment complexes, retail facilities
Bl Reen strate eso
Security Officer accomplished in securing and protecting governmental science and technology facilities. Brings techniques gained froma
background in hw enforcement traning,
Protective services professional with strong law enforcement background. Approaches each case with a high level of professionalism, offering each
case its proper due diligence.
Highlights
A Department of State Secret Security Clearance © First Aid training (2016 )

rn ¢ Security personnel training

AAAAA ANaturalkader Pir ecm scr

IO OOM ernordicnie
Accomplishments
Peep eal er Aaa Meat Len aes meee ee ant ra aan Reon Anton rea cay
Promoted to Staff Supervisor A after 6 years of employment.
Experience
(Sate onubcaricainela aT ceg
Janvary 2012 to January 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

PES ea SoD centiieaconmcar eee RTUisme dot chica bet cemneB cebu eral iLeMer ebay carp eclinee
© Read and interprets construction drawings.

Estimate material, time, bor, and equipment requirements.

¢ Inspects structures and facilities to ensure compliance with specifications.

Combat Engineer
RET aM IR RG rs vana Gen san cue ey /AON a mms

© Detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits.

POOR AHO Si Lancaanian i cmeleGieonce cas orci ceesursl el eNa

LS Ten aa Isa CR a uv ee erng oe araclOMmic cre yiitelaMSOielzame kann coaeett ancy
control equipment.

Reads, interprets, and plots maps, overlays, and photos; develops and uses engincering took.

Determines limiting slopes, curves, stream velocity, and gap widths.

* Assembled structural parts and components to meet requirements for preserving structural integrity and low observable qualities, posted
oliecneBraininccmailcrrecmincmicenul ib icse ec

Provide the US Amy with hands-on and over-the-shoukler radio and communications maintenance training utilizing Aero flex analyzers,
Fluke multi-meters, Bird watt meters, Marconi signal generators and BKP frequency counters, Boonton modulation meters and TEK 4ch
oscilloscopes.

PSO S wee mem LeU ENCE eee Meche Rela OUP Snir ce asenro kia c ate t
intermediate mintenance, troubleshooting, repair and service of LMR HF/ VHF communications equipment.

Combat Engineer
January 1992 to January 2000 Company Name

¢ Detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits.

Re ere rnR onR cece aaetananiei acme anced ees ese i esine7 60a

eS Td ACIS TCR aE uve herng ce araclOMm@ eo again aM eUlyaeen kent vacant etd
control equipment.

Reads, interprets, and plots maps, overlays, and photos; develops and uses engineering tools.

Se Por neBII NES s)reMUN RLM CTRL CCNA TOR} RUT (lice

¢ Asserbied structural parts and components to meet requirements for preserving structural integrity and low observable qualities, posted
leew paicinecmuiauicrrecmincmisscutenbioce ce

Provide the US Amy with hands-on and over-the-shoukler radio and communications maintenance training utilizing Aero flex analyzers,
Fluke mauti-meters, Bird watt meters, Marconi signal generators and BKP frequency counters, Boonton modulation meters and TEK 4ch
oscilloscopes.

Pa oneoniceeon nell EOE Noles nea CeBIT mur PCUSb tir ceaenra kel nedk orld
intermediate mintenance, troubleshooting, repair and service of LMR HF/ VHF communications equipment.

Education

Diplomm : 2001 University of *Strong Vincent HS 1% City , State

Intermediate Ekctronic Principles, Keesler AFB, MS, 2010 *Tekephone Central Office Repair, 1987 *HAZMAT Familiarization’Safety
‘Transport, 2007 *Forward Area Alerting Radar Repairer, 1990

Personal Information

Performed and supervised maintenance on manual, semiautomatic, and transportable commumication systems. Excellent teaming skills Ability to
work independently and without direct supervision Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational, administration, and
