ENGINEERING ASSISTANT

Summary

Hard working recent graduate intending a part time or full time job to build experience ina Civil Engineering working environment. Bringing Civil
Engineering office and fiekl experience in roadway design and traffic engineering.

Highlights

Proficient in computer software including MicroStation, GuideSign, AutoCAD, Google Earth Google Documents, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint
Ere O Lem

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Engineering Assistant 05/2013 to 05/2014

Worked on Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) and Fairfax County Department of Transportation roadway projects in Virginia
and Washington DC area.

Worked with VDOT, FCDOT and Prime Consultants Engineers to prepare project documents including Plans, Special provisions and
eat

Prepared roadway design for I-495 Express Lanes from Route 7 to Jones Branch Connector.

Worked on 1-66 and State Route 50 to prepare project plans and contract documents.

Worked on County roads Route 643 and Route 645 in Fairfax County Roads in Fairfax County using VDOT Standard Specification and

I urefcume reuse wre zcLeicy

Assisted Project Engineers to prepare project roadway design using AutoCAD and MicroStation.

Used Highway Capacity Manual to perform traffic analysis and evaluation of intersections and roadways using Highway Capacity Manual.
Performed peak and off peak traffic counts at the intersections and roadway for traffic studies.

Designed project traffic signs, striping and marking,

Used FHWA Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) and VDOT Supplement to 2009 MUTCD for the design, application,
and plcerent of Traffic Contro! Devices (including signs, signals, and pavement markings) along major highways in Virgnia and
Washington DC areas.

* Used engineering software GuideSign to prepare contract documents.

Prepared project estimates for submission used VDOT Standard Specifications and Weighted Average Price to prep Cost and Engineering
eat

Designed roadways using VDOT Road Design Manual and FHWA roadway design manual,

Designed guardrails along I-66 and Rt.

50 using Guardrail Installation Training (GRIT) Manual.

Used VDOT 2012 CADD manual to design roadway using MicroStation software.

Used MicroStation and AutoCAD to develop plans for Civil Highway and Traffic Engineering Design.

Performed field survey to gather utilities, drainage and roadway information.

Performed marketing research for contracts and bids for the fim

Fore buhccsiecliie ltl aeRO iuin ede

Prepared meeting minutes for project record and filng.

Attended project status meetings, collaborated with the team members to meet project scheduk and project completion within project
yhesnaa

Company Name City , State Medical Receptionist 07/2014 to Current

Creates detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.

Assessed urgency and priorities before accepting or declining appointrents and meetings with the CEO.
Neiconccm As onetndmca bed lenl pani b em Bee eR 71a

Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.

Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.

Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.

Company Name City, State Teller 05/2011 to 082012

© Achieved working knowledge ofaccounting software packages including MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Word Skilled in verbal and
written communication plus strong quantitative and qualitative skills Respected for personal qualities, including accuracy, dependability,
efficiency, curiosity, and intelligence resulting in being elected as a leader in school roles Successfillly opened and closed bank branch at
appropriate times Successfilly kept drawer balanced at all times working full time five days a week Dealt with customer care ona daily
EisB equi) oe Merete er Nane rl trace tore eb isulay emer ken ete secmuuliguceuceb ene eo ROM onic
ire es osteo mecRlnelyenceriet lan aecm

Company Name City , State Engineer Technician IV 12/2015 to Current

Collaborated with contractors and clients as the on-site engineer for several large public projects. Implemented complex design software and
drawing tools to plan and design transportation and hydraulic systems. Advised the project manager regarding construction material costs and
quantity calculations.

(Osho Pe einmenlecriegucuecint toate Mom ore ekstreme om UOLs OVrLepucoseal NAM cecccKecnll atk OIDEelay wines
