BTN) DONS UUP NED NSIS COB MEST
Profile

Outstanding productivity as high potential project supervisor and design engineer. Solid analytic and communication skills to resolve compkex
problens quickly and efficiently. Dynamic team leader with front-line experience in motivating team workers towards achieving specific goals.
Hands-on experience in data analysis, discrete event simulations, manufacturing processes, process improvement, machine shop practices, welding
and fabrication, and quality control. Exceptional project management skills utilizing customer commitment, team work, communication, planning
and organization to achieve excellence.

alg

C#, ASP.NET, Visual Basic, Ms Visual Studio, Ms Office Suite (Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Visio), Simulations using
Witness13 and SIMIO, ERP-SAP, SAS-STAT, AutoCAD
Accomplishments

Liaised with [group] to modify and improve overall product performance.

Eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustrents.

Prepared plans and layouts for equipment or system arrangements and space allocation.

Prepared sheet metal fabrication drawings, modifications and commercial specification drawings in compliance with industry standards.
Met with customers to help design custom entertainment centers, china cabinets, mantels and kitchen cabinets for residential homes.
Supervised and directed over 25 employees on electronics designs that resulted in production yield improverrent which hter transkated into
$200K in company revenue.

Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were compkted to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.
Created presentation materials for sales, customer relations and management purposes.

Tested equipment to ensure compliance.

Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.

Saved 14% on supply costs by working closely with suppliers to ensure components met department quality standards.

Performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department.

Professional Experience
Industrial Engineering Intem 08/2014 to 122014 Company Name City , State

Successfillly re-designed and re-developed existing company labor system application using Visual Basic 6 that resulted in additional
fictions that aid labor hours update and easy computation of staff payroll.

Performed on-site data collection, applied statistical techniques to process and analyze collected data and developed statistical distributions
filam Cem eesiinavenbit sec

Assisted in creating and developing customized model, animations, and discrete event simulations and analysis using SIMIO for Salt Lake
Oi Patuieuwelane

Industrial Engineer 01/2011 to 01/2013 Company Name

Successfilly redesigned equipment layout and process flow that reduced cycle time 13% and increased throughput using employee
feedback process design, visual management, 5S technique and cell technology.

Assisted in capital budgeting/return on investment (ROI) analysis and ensured program expenses are charged correctly and, researched and
cer teteeseloe Ml gtice asi be oom

Performed ergonomics assessments and made improverrents on manufacturing methods to maintain a safe, less stress and productive work
environment.

Trained and guided technicians in lean and continuous process improverrent methodologies including Kaizen, 5S, standardized work, line
balancing and value stream mopping in woodwork operations.

Industrial Engineer 01/2007 to 12/2010 Company Name

Successfilly revamped workstation layout, implemented ergonomic philosophy and 5S methodologies in equipment placing and material
handling to ensure stress minimization and safety.

This resulted in 24% reduced cycle time and 45% increased productivity.

Developed, executed and managed capital project plans related to new/existing manufacturing processes.

Conducted research and development investigations to develop and test new manufacturing equipment, processes and methods.
Successfillly carried out new equipment/facility layout design and analysis ahead of schedule saving company $272,655.00 (N49.07M).
Improved work methods and maintained time standards using Methods Time Measurement (MTM), stopwatch time studies and work
sampling studies including standardized work.

CMe i derencgurucctenopsici hand lonaee cleat renyilecawilnntee sl

This led to 62% reduction in overall ead time.

Assisted with design of manufacturing systems, tools and fixtures per specifications resulting in 40% reduction in material loss and 90%
etal eibikarcoroiee dai kenonl em recy

Improved existing manufacturing procedures and developed new procedures for possible application to current production problens using
DMAIC, value stream mapping.
