MANAGER ENGINEERING MANUFACTURING SYSTEMS ENGINEERING MANAGER
Summary

Personable Engineering Manager successfull at building strong cross sector professional relationships. Manages large and complex projects for the
heritage ES now MS sector while maintaining high team morale and energy. Skilled mentor and mediator who excels at bringing out the best in
outa ake

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Manager Engineering Manufacturing Systems Engineering Manager 08/2015

© Draffed action plans and led collaboration meetings with fictional organization executives to review project status and proposed changes.

Collaborated with cross-fimctional teams to draft project schedules and plans.

Manage a team of 8 direct Manufacturing Systems Engineering (MSE) leads within the Manufacturing Engineering (ME) organization that
are responsibk: for developing, maintaining, and integrating web tools to be used by manufacturing, engineering, and business systems and
Peccccd

Provide tactical and strategic IT leadership and coordination for Manufacturing System Engincering tools products, processes, applications
and technology.

Support the Manuficturing Engineering directorate with IT activities including strategy development, budget and cost management, product
and service acquisition and delivery, teaming relationships and communication activities thereby ensuring timely and cost effective delivery
Breeton males om

Company Name City , State Manager Engineering Process Initiatives Manager 04/2015 to 08/2015

WW ileayicene coli ted BRC nen trek (ces iercou Own (a ecccoecUR MERE Maclin be Lame RSVR nemo rencaniem
Manufacturing, & Logistics (EM&L) Process Initiatives (PI) organization that are responsible for integrating sector-wide engineering and
business processes.

Coordinate process efforts across the sector and facilitate collaboration for consistent, compliant and affordable processes consistent with
OW WIE ree Onion entice

Govered the sector wide development and migration efforts ftom SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013 for Engineering, Manufacturing, &

eeecrea tree)

¢ Efforts include defining scope of work, financial planning, governance, strategic plaming and delivery.
© Manage all aspects of the project plan for successfill phased migrations using distributed resources.

Worked closely with the Enterprise Shared Services team (ESS) to streamline migration plans, communications, and training mnterial for the
Ekctronic Systems (ES) sector for SharePoint 2013.

Company Name City , State Manager Engineering Process Mamger 04/2014 to 042015

Managed a team of six sector-wide process leads with an operating budget of S2M within the Engineering, Manufacturing, & Logistics
(EME&L) Process Initiatives (PI) organization who are responsible for integrating sector-wide engineering and business processes.
Coordinate process efforts across the Engineering East organization and facilitate collaboration for consistent, compliant and affordable
processes consistent with CMMI and ISSO standards.

Defined and coordinated sector-wide migration efforts for SharePoint 2007 to SharePoint 2010.

Efforts include defining scope of work, financial planning, governance, strategic plaming and delivery.

Managed all aspects of the project plan for successful phased migrations using distributed resources.

Directed sector wide implementations of knowledge transfer/sharing projects in SharePoint 2010 to include the Reuse Library, Lessons
Leamed, and Idea Exchange.

Champion existing projects; moving them forward by encouraging innovation, communication, and adoption; as well as developing teams for
new projects.

* Developed and administered sector wide training classes for SharePoint 2010.

Delivery includes campus-based and virtually led SharePoint classes containing 15 participants per class.

Company Name City , State Business Process Analyst 12/2012 to 042014

© Planned, monitored, and tracked assigned change request progress for quarterly software development lifecycle release schedules.

Proactively identify and resolve issues, escalate problems, and facilitate cross-team coordination in support of the Medicare Beneficiary
Database Suite of Systems (MBDSS), under the direction of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) as well as the Social
Security Administration (SSA).

Served as a primary resource for interfacing with end users, Information Technology (ITS) staff, and stakehoklers to develop and manage
requirements for mission-critical systems and business needs.

Articulated written and oral requirements with CMS kaders, subject matter experts, and business partners.

Participated in process improverment development for monitoring program progress, intervention, and problem solving to meet productivity,
quality, customer-satisfaction goals, and Northrop Grummnn strategic objectives.

Received the October 2013 Northrop Grumman MBDSS Shout Out Award for managing a complex and difficult change request using
strong organizational and leadership skills, providing technical support and creative solutions to ensure the work remained on target.

Company Name City , State Requirements Mamger 04/2011 to 11/2012
