SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ANALYST

Sail

Programming Languages: C, vas Python, R, Tableau developer Tools: HP ALM Quality center, HP QTP, MS office, Trello- Project
managenent tool, Streak CRM.

Accomplishments

¢ Certifications: Coursera Introduction to interactive programming using Python,Rice University, Udemry certified SQL.

rar aned
02/2017 to 07/2017
Software Engineering Analyst Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Enactus chapter of Thapar University Founded project Soul of the clay as the team kad of Enactus to aid the artisans by up skillng them
with modem day techniques, thereby increasing the income of these artisans by 150%,

¢ Executed project Naritva, where I along with my team implemented a socio-economic business model in order to improve wonren sanitation
in rural areas of India with motive to reduce diseases prevalent among rural women.

¢ Executed project Jaivika to bolster farmers by setting up machinery to produce low cost manure from organic waste.

© Student Alunmi Interaction Cell - Administered alumi relations as a senior member in SAIC and held the responsibility of event
management in cultural events.

12/2016 to 02/2017
Software Engineering Analyst

¢ Project- Global Site System Services Delivered automation tools using HP Quick Test Professional and VB script to achieve 95 percent
Rea tue aru mea icsuen neal aang eecccl wae aco ia

12/2015 to 112016
Associate Software Engineer

¢ Project- Global Site System Services Worked as a part of quality assurance team for one of the leading Oil and Gas Company by fimctional
testing ina simulation lab to assure the smooth finctioning of 300 sites across the globe.
PSE RCO MS horace meer emuvcacl dnd icipectecrte sim) a ciacaarale ee Orly en rei Cctm

Education and Training

Wiesanlg

Syracuse University 1% City , State

June 2015

SAO eo eco aN BY MeO Oba AGISA Etonic poruncaun Awa [

May 2011

Delhi Public School Secured 86.8 percent in Class XII: Mathemntics: 96/100, Physics: 81/100, Chemistry: 89/100, English- 91/100
Interests

Econ Club - Coordinated events like Economics quiz, Virtual Stock Market, Life size monopoly in economics festival.

Sas

BNO Le ee MS Lod rece ORO Lo AOU Mo cram ON LNs en clamitneror msl amirtuom Crip cme ivana
Mathemntics, MS office, Oil, developer, Physics, Programming, progress, Project management, Python, QTP, Quick Test Professional, Quality,
quality assurance, simulation, SQL, Tableau, VB script

Additional Information

¢ AWARDS AND RECOGNITION Accenture Outstanding Performer Award. Awarded Certificate ofappreciation by Enactus India to
bring a change using entrepreneurial action. Awarded Certificate of appreciation by Thapar University to organize first economics festival of
the University.

¢ Econ Club - Coordinated events like Economics quiz, Virtual Stock Market, Life size monopoly in economics festival.
