MANAGER, QUALITY ENGINEERING
Executive Summary

With over 14 years of experience in the fiekls of Chss II and III medical device manufacturing, molecular diagnostics, and biotechnology, the last 8
of which have been managing engineers, technicians as well as supervisors, I bring strong technical leadership to any organization. I have a solid
background in data analysis and statistics that I use to develop and continuously improve all aspects of the manufacturing process with a focus on
efficiency and consistency.

Core Qualifications

ProEngincer/CREO, MiniTab, MS Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, Injection Mokling, Trackwise, Catsweb
Professional Experience

Sor cemO Be vee Le

April 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Manage the Quality Engineering Team, the Comphints Departrrent, and the Metrology Department at Alcon's Class II and Class III
medical device manufacturing facility.

Responsible for improving site compliance and reducing recurring deviations through NCR Investigations and CAPA implementation.
Investigate customer comphints and interface with regulatory groups to provide feedback to doctors.

Direct the teams to provide Calibration support for two medical device- manufacturing facilities.

Responsible for setting priorities, providing direction, coaching, motivation, mentoring and development of both exempt and non-exempt
Gliven@ ee icm

Senior Engineer II (Managed Process Engineering and Automation Groups)
March 2011 to April2014 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Process Control Lead Responsibilities added September 2013.

© Managed the Process Engineering and Automation Groups at Alcon's Class II/III surgically implantable optic device and delivery systers
manufacturing facility.

¢ Responsible for setting priorities, providing direction, coaching, motivation, mentoring and development of both exempt and non-exempt
Gliven@ ee icm

* Responsible for the engineering activities and support related to all aspects of the manufacturing process including: Injection Mokling,

Se en en Orla meta eae cre B se catete

Applied technical expertise to improve yield of AcrySofA® manufacturing,

Helped to reduce the particulate reject rate for Wavefront product by 50%.

Reduced dimensional failures from 5% to to <0.3% and="" saved="" the="" facility=""~$1.4m="" in="" abor=""and="" materials=">

Led the impkerentation of multiple autonntion projects, each of which have improved quality, increased capacity, and reduced cycle tine

with paybacks realized between | and 3 years.

© Managed departrental budget, automation budget as well as capital projects to achieve savings of at least $100k without sacrificing service
as

Senior Engineer I
September 2007 to March 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

© Supervised the Drafting group, Custom Tool Production, Milling, Injection Mokling, and Ckan Room Engineering Support staff for both
OB Eke coe Brecbeinarecbranunetnanes

CMoS de ccm Ny Cent cnul en man cRiec ays eel ekelivnn@ sree

* Specified, developed, procured, and validated addition of vision inspection systems to the autormted milling machines and improved cut
quality and consistency of AcrySofA® Single-Piece IOLs.

© Provided technical support for the injection molding process, assembly, curing, machining, and clean room operations.

Process Engineer II
February 2005 to September 2007 Company Narre 1% City , State

¢ Engineer responsibk for process development and improvement at Akon's Class II/III medical device manufacturing site.

© Designed, built, validated, and implemented the next generation automated milling machines for use in AcrySof Single-Piece IOL
Feralarnieice teas om

Increased output in AcrySof Single-Piece IOL milling by more than 25% while not impacting quality through an iterative process of adjusting
key parameters and verifying impact on cycle time and product quality.

© Designed, built, tested, and validated the prototype packaging and labeling workstation. Evaluated prototype for ergonomics and work flow

with the help of production personnel. Modified the design accordingly and built, and validating the rermining 23 workstations. Validated

improvenrnts to the software affer initial release. The resultant stations prevent packaging failures from getting out into the field.

Developed and analyzed proof of concept models to evaluate manufitcturing improverments using Pro/E prior to implementation.

© Set priorities, provided direction, and supervision to one direct report

Research Engineer
Septerrber 2003 to February 2005 Company Name 1% City , State

Ce re) rn) rn sae Saray ” oa Cr rr
