ENGINEERING SYSTEMS INSTALLER
Summary
Seasoned Information Technology professional with over 7 plus years of experience working in various industries. Excellent knowledge on
computer hardware, software, peripherals, central processing units, network administration, servers, network routers, Microsoft applications,
technology support specialist, Windows OS, Windows Server, Mac OS, Managing, QA testing, client support, and help desk. Ako highly
experienced in procedures for installing, configuring, upgrading, troubleshooting and repairing applicable software, hardware and peripherals.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Professional work ethic, strong attention to detail and an ability to produce top quality results in
deadline driven environments. Objectives To secure an it specialist, desktop support, network administration, database administrator, technical
support specialist or related position with a growing organization where my Microsoft certification, technical aptitude, networking, windows and
Mac os, apple and android IOS, web development, application development, Linux, Microsoft applications, managing, testing, client support, help
desk, technical support, troubleshooting, and leadership skills, To benefit those who I work for as well as myself By combining these synergies, I
believe I can be of great value to this company.

Highlights

Microsoft Applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Exchange, InfoPath, Lync, Onenote, Outlook, Project, Publisher,
Sharepoint(s), Visual Studios, ETC): Expert

Network Security (not certified/in process): Expert

Networking: Expert

PC hardware and software installation, configuration, and troubleshooting: Expert

Remote Desktop and Help Desk Managerrent software: Expert

Verbal Communication: Expert

Blcvredbcina ei cheatG

Team Leadership: Expert

Programming Languages: Expert

Or-call tech support: Expert

Windows & Mac OS: Expert

Wiring/Wire Spicing: Cat3, Cat5, CatSe, Coaxial : Expert

Management: Expert

VoIP, TCP/IP, IPSec, ATM, SS7, IPX, DNS, BIND, DHCP, HSRP and LAN/WAN architecture: Expert

Application Development: Expert

Voice Over IP Telephone: Expert

Inventory Management: Expert

schivor anes
Engineering Systers Installer
August 2006 to January 2013 City , State

Worked with all Microsoft Applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Exchange, InfoPath, Lync, Onenote, Outlook, Project,
Publisher, Sharepoint(s), Visual Studios, ETC).

Authored procedure for entering inspection results into the computer database.

Maintain, inspect, tested, and tested computer hardware components as needed.

Installed, configured, upgraded, troubleshoot and repaired applicable software, and hardware.

Forward hardware and software issues to the appropriate level

Diagnose and resolve hardware/software connectivity issues.

Remote Access into client computers.

PND Neekstee Rac anapstilica

Installed and configured various software programs.

Worked with Windows Applications (Windows 95, Server (2008, 2012), 2000, ME, XP, Vista, and 7).

Worked with Mac OS and IOS.

User account management.

eis) SOL cere e Sr TIGRE ca onrcmee ni Une iim ie sclieiie

Software and App Development.

Configured and monitored networks to ensure their performance, health, and reliable operation for fulfillng business objectives and
Peccccd

Troubleshoot as needed Experience working with network routers.

Operated Switches, Cisco ASA firewall, Juniper Net-screen, CheckPoint firewall, Enterasys Dragon IDS/IPS.

Database managing.

Worked alongside a team of technical analysts and other technicians on PC refresh projects throughout the building managed virtual private
PpaNenee ome aren eects

© Redesign of the network to keep up with the changing needs of the organization.

Delivered and collaborated on the design, implementation and support of network core routing, switching infrastructure, Remote Access,
B2B VPN, and security services for our customers Installed Home automation systems, Home surveillance, and Custom PC's.
Oversaw projects, installations, and customer completes.

(Oh elet i wie)oual hee cn

Completed the wiring for Ethemet networks including punch-down blocks/patch panels/CAT 5 & 6.

Installation of test devices (chassis-based call controllers, rack-mounted PCs, etc.) into telecom equipment racks.
