DIRECTOR OF ENGINEERING

schivor anes

Director of Engineering , 01/2014 to 012016
Company Name

* Familiar and complies with the hotels mission and standards in performing maintenance activities.

Repairs wide variety of kitchen and reffigeration equipment such as walk-in freezers, industrial-sized steam cookers, refrigerators, ice
PU NCR C LOMO LeU S ORC ONU CLAN MECC ae

Troubleshooting and repair all models of commercial laundry equipment that we operate.

Has the ability to read & interpret technical information (engineering, mechanical, electrical).

Maximize maintenance team potential with a balanced focus on operations, guests, employee, and owner's satisfaction.

Represents the engineering department during the daily HOD moming meetings.

Priorities, plan, schedule assign and supervise the engineering department staf.

Oversee the maintenance tasks, work orders and special projects ensuring timely and accurate compktion.

Respond to guest's maintenance needs promptly and ensure guests receive professional, efficient prompt and courteous service to hotel
Ernie icin

Maintain the physical appearance and operational efficiency of the hotel including physical.

Mechanical, electrical, plumbing etc.

Installation & maintenance ofall equipment related to HVAC, Water treatment, Fire Safety etc.

Perform daily and weekly property document inspections.

Ensure property, grounds, physical plant, and work areas are maintained to standard and that all safety equipment and conditions are to
code.

Establish and nnintain department equipment and supply inventory levels appropriate to property requirements.

Provide training to staffon supplies, inventory, maintenance and ordering procedures.

Train engineering department staff on correct maintenance procedures and assists in repairs as needed.

Maintain, monitor, and test hotel's emergency and security systerrs, features like Fire Alarm, CCTV, baggage scanners etc.

Double Tree Suites by Hilton, Chief Engineer & Security.

Supervising, consulting on, and troubleshooting compkx electrical equipment issues Determining the cause of control and power system
failures and taking the necessary corrective action.

Install, repair, and maintain electrical and air conduction system

© Supervising and consulting on complex installations and repair projects Monitoring and evaluating work productivity Monitoring and

evaluating equipment operation and energy efficiency Overseeing other vendors and contractors and serving as their technical point of
contact Monitoring any changes in the National Electric Code and identifying training requirements for subordinates Supervising subordinate
employees - includes coaching, counseling, training, and evaluating Budget: Estimated expenditure on staff salaries and allowance,
maintenance contracts, training, purchase of equipment, materials, tools, instrument, and furniture.

Manpower Planning; - Estimating required technical manpower coordinating with personnel department to recruit additional manpower
required.

Deitnemesl mene aber baaestbeckcopediel leurs ate keen ANS auc C ee ROL Ge eee

Processing of bills: - include bills for water, electricity, fuels etc.

(Keo Une nc er eee BIS euunee cece cen tty

Record keeping, parts ordering, purchase order, inventory, payroll and job assignments and dispatch.

ORICA EI TLe meee OA

Director of Engineer , 01/1993 to 01/2010

Atlantis Paradise Island Responsible for the day-to-day operations of the engineering, core responsibility of the leadership and guidance.
Included ten Kitchens, & fourteen Restaurants, select, develop, and retain protected class employees.

MG Ps ececa eR Noe SR ULCCom IN HOR Cy One LUeD AL ONce

Maintains the care and use of supplies, equipment, etc., and performs regular inspections of resident areas and rooms for sanitation, order,
safety, and proper performance of assigned duties.

Performs regular inspections of resident, ancillary, and common areas for sanitation, order, safety, and comfrtable enviroment.

Assures that engineering staffalways follows established safety regulations in the use of equipment and supplies.

Inspects storage rooms, utility, and janitorial closet, etc., for upkeep and supply control.

Requisitions all supplies and equipment and nnintains adequate inventory levels to provide a clean, safe, and comfortable enviroment.
400 hundred guest rooms, painting, carpentry, electrical repair / service, Air conditions, Locksrvith, four pools 3 spas, two commercial
laundries service / repair, purchasing, storeroom supplies, landscaping, sewerage plant service / repair, 8 Boilers service / repair, 4 chillers
service / pm, 4 generator ' service / pm, Engineering budget, capital budget 5 million dollars, renovate rooms & equipments, engineering
staff training, safety training with all employee, 8 supervisors, and 55 line staff, all the utility on Paradise Island include roads repairs,
baggage handling systems, runway maintenance, airfield lights and a 7 cabins yacht.

CurrentChief Engineer , 01/2016

Continental Luxury Property Managerrent Evaluates electrical systems, products, components, applying knowledge of electricity and
materiab.

Install, repair, and maintain electrical and air conduction system

Hace cp puenem en sneerireckicl Mae checeen el CaM teenie
