ENGINEERING AIDE

Professional Summary

Resourcefil Facilities Tech with solid background in preventative maintenance repait.Talented Facilities Tech with more than 3 years of experience
developing and executing maintenance programs. Excellent troubleshooting skills. Detail oriented professional with strong technical skills and the
ability to kam concepts quickly. Highlights q Mechanically-inclined q Diagnosis and repair q Skilled concrete finisher q Preventative maintenance q
Dexterous with hand tools q Suspension and alignment q Strong attention to detail q Brake systems expertise q Troubleshooting q Brake repair
and replacement q Responsible and reliable q Strategic thinker q Excellent problemsolver q Self-starter q Decisive q Critical thinker
Accomplishments Machine Troubleshooting q Performed effective troubleshooting of [machines/systems] [number] per [week/month/year].
eMC remo roe AO NecR ET Ara pia henoe yecrHaueenecke years meica Goes) crs urie Be cetcymacieets|
knowledge of'systerrs, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly. Documentation q Reported and documented unsafe
conditions, equipment and/or injury. Training q Responsible for providing vision and guidance to a group of 20 construction employees, training
them on sufficient project plans and procedures. Equipment Maintenance q Performed routine maintenance on equipment on as-needed basis.
Inventory Control q Restocked and organized items as necessary and as directed. Machine Repair q Detected machine malfimetions and problent
solved accordingly. q Repaired, maintained and replaced parts on dies.

als

Work History

Engineering Aide , 12/2006 to 04/2009

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Aided other departments in the development of plans and cost estimates on road, parking lot and drainage projects. Computed load and
grade requirements and material stress factors to determine design specifications. Wrote daily detailed reports logging work progress for
quality assurance purposes.Completed all repairs and maintenance work to company standards. Planned work and determined appropriate
tools and equipment.Took care of facility equipment, grounds, roads and fences.

Service Technician , 08/2004 to 12/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Followed checklists to verify that all important parts were examined Serviced air conditioning, heating, engine- cooling and electrical
systemrs.Rebuilt faulty assemblies, including steering systems and linkages.Examined vehicles to determine the extent of dannge or
railpaleiom} Wars mba CeCe ELE Acme ted ce ROR n ane e ute RCH Oo eB CC eHIPe Been tall
repairs.Repaired and replaced belts, hoses and steering systems. Executed all phases of power system tear down and repair.Operated
pneumatic tools and air compressors.Removed and replaced tires, shocks, struts and brakes.Contributed to repeat and referral business by
using strong customer service and problem solving skills. Repaired and rephced radiators and water pumps.Organized work records and
een CMEC HeatcacOneCk Orrin leh omlucarc onamoceyeckuceucitls

[Ovrece peceome nl Perm ORtr/ Pattee
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Shaped and built roads using large construction equipment.Operated a bulkdozer to properly deploy waste products at
compactors. Documented daily equipment inspections and submitted daily inspection forms to supervisor.Performed daily maintenance to the
machine cab and wheels.Operated equipment safely and efficiently at all times.Serviced and maintained vehicles and heavy
equiprent.Correctly used aggregate sizes and classifications for all road construction. Listened to warning alanys and responded
accordingly.Loaded proper materials while abiding by all safety and legal standards.Obtained proper signatures as required. Monitored
various gauges during vehicle operation and investigated and repaired any abnonmalities.Operated and maintained a forklift truck ina safe
and efficient manner.Retained shop order segregation during yard movement.Set and read grade stakes to construct roads, parking lots,
building pads, landfills and sediment ponds. Executed daily pre-trip and post-trip inspections and documentation in compliance with DOT
guidelines and company policies. Competed all repairs and maintenance work to company standards.Counted and verified orders picked to
ensure accuracy.Planned work and determined appropriate tools and equipment.

05/1989 to 06/1996
Company Name

© Followed checklists to verify that all important parts were examined. Organized work records and filed reports.

Education

Diplomm : General Studies , 1 1986

Maury High School - State

General Studies

race RUGhic bee Miocene Mirae SiuLccn mm adie onuece ee DnuTcaeem (Olewosleeitermnercnaeie
Tool Manufacturing Technology and Process Technology , Lamar Institute of Technology - City , State

GPA: GPA: 4.0 Industrial Maintenance GPA: 4.0 Industrial Engineering, Production Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Engineering Welding
Fabrication, Industrial and Tool Manufacturing Technology and Process Technology

als

customer service, customer service, documentation, forklift, forms, legal, materials, policies, problem solving skils, progress, quality assurance,
esl Se cS ENE oe ar cele erly
