ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
Seeking long term employment where my experience, expertise, and education can be used to satisfy the needs of the company, as well as provide
Opportunity for personal development and career advancerrent. Project Coordination is my strongest point and I accept any challenges that I
encounter to get the job done. I offer no Iess than one hundred percent commitrent to my employer, co-workers and my work. I am definitely a
team player but work well on my own with no supervision. I will bring to your company loyalty, dedication and great work ethics.
Highlights
© Effective verbal and written communication and meeting facilitation skills
Proactive and adaptable selF starter
Rola fehl cas!
Ability to prioritize and complete multiple tasks with little supervision
ahs)
Extroverted personality
Willing and available to work outside normal business, including weekends, to meet project deadlines
Proficiency in Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Outlook
Knowledge in Microsoft Office: Access, PowerPoint
Whvelwatensneatiny

schivor anes
11/2005 to 07/2008
Engineering Project Manager Company Name iA City , State

© Planned, directed and managed designated projects; Ensured that objectives were accompanied in accordance with outlined priorities;
Analyzed results of operations to discover more efficient ways to utilize resources; Skilled in securing federal, state and local regulatory
land-use approvak, including construction permits through Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ); Vast knowledge in
dealng with builders, homeowners, HOA's, and bank issues- in addition to diplomatically resolving concems and complaints; Developed
ability to work in fast-paced environment; Ability to follow instructions well and make decisions with no supervision; Assisted Civil Engineer
Ue ase Me Non Pain ermvcKos ge encMMI eb icousLee Peal eemrerin

Ue20beR on bese.)
Assistant Project Coordinator Company Name 1 City , State

© Coordinated project submittals to Agencies (CPS, Time Wamer, SBC, SAWS, SARA, Bexar County, and Bexar MET: a) Tracked
submittal dates using spreadsheets and Plat Tracking- city website b) Tracked critical time paths as related to review approval periods.
c) Followed up on tardy responses, ascertained source of difficulty, and coordinated resolutions & approvals.

© Completed final project packages for approval by Planning Commission/Director of Development Services.

Researched phit related issues: Preliminary Overall Area Development Plans, Planned Unit Development Plans, Development Rights
Permits, and Vested Rights Permits.

© Familiarity with the city's website and personnel.

08/2001 to 08/2003
Environmental Secretary Company Name i City , State

© Unit secretary for 13 employees.

* Responsibilities included: heavy phone usage, heavy typing, research via the internet, heavy client contact, coordination of meetings, hotel
accommodations/rental car service, project file set up, created spreadsheets in excel and access, vast mai-outs, and other special unit
requests as delegated.

02/2001 to 08/2001
Werte @ ona @eeclivaN ctr Ry /ROrb mye

© Coordination of import and/or export of product for manufacture or sale; including proofing purchase orders and preparing all
documentation according to intemational shipping standards.

eR r bd ee)
Executive Receptionist Company Name i City , State

CREW Elreces ne ngelieetiiie

« Answered multi-line telephone system and directed calls; took detailed messages and/or forwarded necessary callers to voicermail,
© Booked flights, hotels, rental cars and arranged for corporate pick up at the airport.

© Coordinated all company fimctions to include: birthday celebrations, parties, awards and ceremonies, and local ticket events.

© Collected US Mail, sorted and delivered to personnel.

© Typed, faxed, mailed, and emniled office correspondence and performed various office duties.

brairestbeny
vy
Business Certification Charter College 14 City , State Dean's list 3 quarters)
