LIGHTING FIELD ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN

AST erstad

Engineering Technician with an impressive blend of technical expertise and peopk skills. Committed to providing quality and consistent technical
STs

Shennan
* Excellent communication techniques © Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio
¢ AutoCAD expert ¢ Advanced critical thinking
Accomplishments

POOR ree ce

* Produced drawings and maintained, archived and retrieved CAD files and drawing documents for the completion of multipe commercial
projects.

SLO oe BLOC
Benoa sccpoi oad uudhatata lord karts each iertaer ae cock oReo sings rnenie men ttine tht iat Leteedameisistinlcm

Sonate
Lighting Field Engineering Technician 10/2014 to 01/2016 Company Name City , State

Supports Tampa Electric Company's lighting system construction and maintenance projects.

Designs the most electrically efficient and cost effective outdoor lighting systems for new and existing residential and commercial customers.
Sent Cees Dec ce Lom Lacan Ke sede Cone Atal oom ae Men ORSoatal eRe Goa eter toy

Serves as the main point of contact to customers, govemmental agencies, TEC departments and contractors.

Mees cL RM ESOLR Co Srna inane al M/S BMC eee nem ceca mean a acts eee oer
distribution map maintenance in TEC's geographical interfice system ("GIS"), calculates estimates, obtains necessary work permits and
coordinates activities with TEC departments and contractors to ensure in the successful scheduling and compktion of projects.

Administrative Technical Aide 06/2013 to 10/2014 Company Name City , State

* Assembles all new engineering work packages, consisting of applicable work requests, engineering drawings and maps, and distributes to
inde prydelkeasrinrance

Processes permit documents as needed and includes in the appropriate packages.

Maintains the central filing system of active and closed work requests.

Serves as the Records Coordinator for the assigned Service Area, following the scheduk for records retention and purging,

In WorkPro, routinely enters layout information as indicated for TEC's service entrance for underground residential distribution (URD)
oaccn bina ane

Using TEC's geographical information system (GIS), draws proposed URD services and meters, ensuring correct electrical connectivity and
owned correctly to their supporting structures.

Process and administer Work Request from various sources.

Assess requirements and assign Work Request to DDT/FE's, U.G.

eee ciao me Ea eck @rate

Schedule Service Crew work in WorkPro and produce Daily Service Route Sheet.

Administrative Technical Aide 06/2013 to 10/2014 Company Name City , State

* Assembks all new engineering work packages, consisting of applicable work requests, engineering drawings and maps, and distributes to
Dy Ty eekly no yop autem anne occ bea Nea inp ees rachecta ened

Se olindincecnn bles on ke ercinbine Rosco Rien ace he

Serves as the Records Coordinator for the assigned Service Area, following the schedule for records retention and purging,

* In WorkPro, routinely enters layout information as indicated for TEC’s service entrance for underground residential distribution (URD)
Ros een ennai

* Using TEC's geographical information system (GIS), draws proposed URD services and meters, ensuring correct electrical connectivity and
owned correctly to their supporting structures.

* Process and administer Work Request fiom various sources. Assess requirements and assign Work Request to DDT/FE's, U.G.

eee iinet mca ech @ ate

Schedule Service Crew work in WorkPro and produce Daily Service Route Sheet.

* Assist Customer Engineering Representative, Distribution Design Technician, Supervisor, Line Supervisor, Ops Engineer, Manager and Line

eB eeur oem concen aceon tt enme nel ccorlne RST

Provides back-up to the Senior Service Area Representative, including kWh billing set-up of meter sets by Operation's Service Crews and

OSD Senusret ono cerenie cen O rater Rill eaten rece
