ENGINEERING MANAGER/SENIOR MECHANICAL DESIGNER

Executive Summary

Operations and Manufacturing Engineering Manager with more than 12 years of experience in high-volume global operations, support of
automated production equipment and the design, yout and support of custom machinery. Proven record of kading multiskilled teams to drive
projects from pre-developrent through post-development cycle. Increased operational profitability by enhancing processes. Visionary, forward-
looking, and pioneering with a passion for challenging projects. Leadership style is highly results-oriented. Professional Knowledge and Strengths *
Global Operations Management * Personnel Management * AutoCAD v.14/2008/2010 * Budgeting, Planning, Forecasting * Training & Staff
Developrent* Six Sigma* Vendor Kanban Contracts* Lean Manufacturing* AutoCAD Inventor 2010 * Product Cost Reduction * Team
Leadership/Team Buikiing * BoschyItem Software * New Product Development * Organization/Time Management * ANSI Drawing Standards *
Inventory Contro/Cycle Counts * Total Quality Management * Mechanical Design * Project Management * Customer Service * MS Office Suite
* ROI Analyzes * Safety/Security * Virtual Gibbs

Professional Experience

Engineering Manager/Senior Mechanical Designer

January 2001 to January 2015 Company Name i City , State

Planned, directed, and coordinated the operations with multiple branches across the globe.

Responsibke to formute company policies and budgets.

Developed long-term approaches that redefined problems/opportunities in anticipation of changing business conditions.

Coordinated and directed projects, making detailed plans to accomplish goak.

Analyzed technology, resource needs, and market demand, to plan and assess the feasibility of projects.

Organized all mterial purchases, storage and manufacturing for multi-program production.

Geeta Mec ice bed bd Coes emeccleec unten ented) cB Omi cm Ge tobe ames slam ore incecy cot’
Integrated Airline's valve, cylinder and PLC product line offering into the electro-pneurmatic control system.

Utilized AutoCAD 2008/2010 to rapidly integrate automatic comphint tooling modules into a range of existing electronics manufacturing
ers UNM CCR Ranupocnumicre eminem sue

Responsible for month end calculations of cost of sales thru spreadsheet analysis.

¢ Year end presentations for fiture projects, goals and team work with sales managers and distribution networks Recognized for the redesign
and improvement of speed, quality .and reliability of several existing product offerings reducing manufacturing costs by 28%,

SU ana Elta uel ses \UolaLod
January 1997 to January 2001 Company Name 1% City , State

Project management of assembly automation system for MedicalPharmaceutical application with a budget of 120K.

Responsible for long-term or high-profile projects from inception to final product or outcome.

Participated in team reviews and then assigned projects tasks accordingly.

Hired and organized individuals and subcontractors necessary to compkte the project while coordinating all schedules.

Ensured that the project moved forward ina timely, cost-effective manner, mkes changes and adjustrents.

Completed all final inspections and reports for each project Responsible to oversee employees, production and efficiency, while making
Rick nee aU S cB enn eectr eel ARe Loe SARer Le aU LO RSTO A

© Required to monitor the production equipment to make sure that it stays in good working order, and repair or replace the equipment when
needed.

Created cost justification and organized the purchase ofa full in house machine shop, including 3 CNC's and 5 Bridgeport machines.

© Designed, developed and built several assembly stations and sub-systems for the manufacture of magnetic storage devices, connector
assembly programs, packaging equipment, mailers and sem#-conductors.

SUices oR Gte nis’
January 1993 to January 1997 Company Name ¥% City , State

* Completed the set up and operation ofa variety of machine tools to produce precision parts and instrurents.

© Fabricated, modified and repaired mechanical instruments.

® Fabricated and modified parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop
mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.

© Handkd G-Code programming and metalvorking on several varieties of CNC machinery.

© Organized production control, work recording and measurement systems.

brairestbeny

AutoCad : 2001 Penn State i City , State

(Coron sce ered BunOnrupereatig

Skills

assembly, AutoCAD, automation, budgets, budget, CNC, electronics, layout, machine tools, machinery, market, materials, mathematics,
mechanical, networks, packaging, PLC, policies, presentations, programming, Project management, quality, recording, sales, spreadsheet, team
work
