ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
Eleven years of experience in Analog, RF and Mixed Signal Layout Design at module and Chip levels for 180nm, 65nm, 45nm, 28nm TSMC,
14FF Samsung foundry and 10nm Intel. Experienced in planning, tracking and executing tasks to meet desired deadlines.A
Skills
© Aware of Analog Layout fimdamentals like Device
matching, shielding, Isolation, ESD, Latchup, Antenna,
PEAY AD)
© Physical verification layout using tools like K2Ver,
Hercuks, Caliber, Assura
© Used auto routers tools like ICCT, Chip Assembly
POMP eCORMATOO Reaches eolceoncneecemerialta]|
effort

* Used post layout parasitic extraction tools

COP UN oe ncr bobs DEB eon) MUNI EE
internal tool for EMIR analysis), Voltrace (TI internal too! for High voltage
Io poss

¢ Used data management tools like Synchronicity and IC manageA

aaa chiesrates

(Ot cra@un scl warecene ited

Client: Intel USA I am currently being trained in Genesys tool and 10nm Intel flow.

T am working on blocks like LDO to begin with.

Client: Quakonm Pvt Lid India WIR-RX/TX SYNTH in 14FF (Samsung foundry) : Duration of project - 6 months I managed a team of 6
who worked on WTR synth project done in 14FF Sarrsung foundry.

© This is one of the mst challenging tasks in my career, as this is the first RF task that I have worked in FF technologies.

© To overcome the challenges I have undergone various FinFet related trainings to understand the process and its impact on layout.

schivor anes
Engineering Project Manager , 12/2012 to 062017 Company Name

T used Gantt chart to schedule the tasks for each individual

T also used XL sheet to track the progress and issues on a more micro level.

These sheets certainly helped us to plan the next project much better.

WTR-RX/TX SYNTH in 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 6 months I lead a team of 4 which supported a project which was being
Cll reria@)ra) corte Nyaa

My roke in this project was to have regular discussion with US designers to understand their requirements, later communicate these
requirements with my team and also track the deliverabks.

T also handled some portion of the TOP level layout tasks.

I worked on blocks like HFVCO, Regulator, VCO Buflér and LPF during this project.

T used Gantt chart to schedule the tasks for each individual

T also used XL sheet to track the progress and issues on a more micro level.

WTR QLNA Daisy Chain 180nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 0.5 months For this particular project I had regular discussions with the
Packaging team to create the best Daisy Chain structures for a WLP CHIP which I had work on previously.

T also went through the entire process of Tape Out of this CHIP which included uploaded Tapeout related fikes to the database and
reviewing the eJV sent to the FAB.

© WTR QLNA Metal Variants Tapeout 180nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 0.5 months We needed mvtal variants for the QLNA chip
Rien Geie nec A \Wecet Rete

In design we leave scope for meal options which can be used to study certain features better during testing,

Sore Ro ctor lees vee RH Cloconmn acl ACE Iay tein

T also went through the entire process of Tape Out of this CHIP which included uploaded Tapeout related fikes to the database and
reviewing the eJV sent to the FAB.

WTR QLNA in 180nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 5 months This was my first project in 180nm TSMC process.

In this project I mentored one other junior in my team who worked on MBIAS block while I worked in creating the LNA.

WTR RX BBF in 28nm (TSMC/UMC) : Duration of project - 4 months I lead a team of 4 which supported a project which was being
Cll reria@)ra) corte Nyaa

« Myroke in this project was to have regular discussion with US designers to understand their requirements, later communicate these
requirements with my team and also track the deliverables using Gantt chart and XL sheet.

I worked on the top level and few sub-blocks of BBF in this project.

WTR FBRX in 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 4 months This task was about working on FBRX module which was previously done.
There we few issues seen with this blocks performance in post silicon verifications.

My roke in this task was to identify the IQ imbalance which caused performance issues and fix them

I was able to meet the designers requirements in this task and was very much appreciated by him once the task was done.

WTR Low Band Low Noise Amplifier 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 3 months This is a Low Band LNA which operates between
860 - 900 Mhz frequencies.

Sore aW oh aueicinbicw teens inumneearie meen dd Se Aad taken care while doing layout.

Majorly the input devices to which RF_IN signal were given extra care w.r.t coupling and symmetry.

WTR Mixer, Attenuator in 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 10 months This is the first project which I worked on in RF domain and I
MUP Eon morareckheednieeit ices ie) ioam
