ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Professional Summary

Engineering Technician specializing in quality contro! sector. Analytical thinker skilled collecting data and executing product testing procedures with
precision and ease. Results-driven and focused Engineering Technician successful at prioritizing safety, promoting cost-effective solutions and
exceeding customer expectations. Determined Maintenance Worker with skills performing routine operation checks on work equipment and
always exercising safety measures to limit injuries. Hardworking employee with over [2] years of carrying out oral and written instructions
eflectively and efficiently. Uses constructive criticism to improve skills and job performance. Safety-minded Maintenance Worker tasked with
troubleshooting, general plumbing and minor electrical work. Enthusiastic professional promoting excellent attendance record and willing to assist
team members in completing assigned tasks. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities while maintaining a
strong work ethic and exhibiting a positive attitude. Willngness to take on added responshbilities to meet team goals. Friendly student available for
weekend, evening andholiday shifts. Considered hardworking, punctual and driven. To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers
professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problenrsolving skills. Dedicated Customer Service
professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. Committed to maintaining professional relationships to increase
profitability and drive business results. Customer Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening
and analytical problenr solving skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires
and providing customized solutions to build loyalty.

alg

Strate oleN

Strong leader/team leader
Customer service

Cash handling

Self starter

Excelent commumication skills

or ierina ees

Willing to kar

Repair Work Planning
Groundskeeping and Landscaping
Handheld Computers

acer csieg

Safety Monitoring and Compliance
Wiedrannele gach

Critical Thinking

Facilities Painting and Repair
Heavy Object Lifting
Troubleshooting and Diagnostics

Work History
Engineering Technician 01/2018 to 12/2020 Company Name , City , State

Read and interpreted blueprints, technical drawings, schermtics and computer-generated reports.
Followed verbal instructions and hand sketches to adapt and modify tooling.

Applied engineering principles to develop and operate electrical, mechanical and data processing systems.
Performed work according to project schedules and high quality standards.

QU slnco Mi KcruiLcocsibranmsceelamuiicedCab entered mena ee nie Rani melenulee a ecm
Tracked hours and expenses for each project, detailing each action and charge.

Improved product quality by customizing tools and elirinating variability.

Warehouse Worker 01/2016 to 11/2019 Company Name , City , State

Operated pallet jacks and material moving equipment to receive and transport items from various warehouse locations.
Alternated goods in inventory by observing first-in and first-out approach to keep shelves organized and properly stocked.
Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to uncover and address inaccuracies.
Acknowledged safety issues and contacted shift supervisor regarding concems and for quick resolution.

Loaded, unloaded and moved mnterial to and from storage and production areas.

Consistently liffed nnterials weighing as much as [Number] pounds.

Simplified shipping and receiving processes for improved workflow.

Operated company vehicles and heavy equipment with focus on safety and risk management.

Checked packages and merchandise for darmge and notified vendors.

Processed incoming shipments upon package receipt by scanning boxes and envelopes and using [Software] to update system
Placed incoming inventory in optimal storage locations to promote continued accuracy and casy retrieval.

Wrapped pallets in shrink wrap prior to loading,

Updated daily logs with regular shift activities and incident details.
