ENGINEERING INTERN

Summary

Automotive Engineer seeking Systems Engineer position at your esteemed organization with scope for career advancement and professional
toe ane

alg

AutoCAD, Ansys, Cero, CATIA, HyperMesh, DFMEA, MS Office Suite, Fortran, C, MATLAB/Simulnk, CNC Programming

schivor anes
Dec 2016
Company Name

Identified technological changes, key issues, trends, design and refined the vehicle definition.

Illustrated vehicle design and highlighted major interior and exterior dimensions of the vehicle concept.

Presented a technology plan on the above parameters.

Simulation and Analysis of 1-2 Shift Processes ofa 6-speed FWD AT, University of Michigan-Dearbom, March 2017.

Established a nathenntic model for the transmission-vehick system consisting of general state variable equation, specific state variable
equation for the Ist gear, 1-2 shift process and 2nd gear operation.

Simulated the launch of the vehicle from rest in Ist gear, initiated 1-2 shift at a speed of 15 mph, and 2nd gear operation for 2 seconds with
an open torque converter and a fixed throttle position using MATLAB/Simulink.

Reduced torque overshoot by spark retarding, and carefull calibration of the oncoming clutch.

Further, torque hole was reduced to mmximum extent with help of spark retard.

Modelling of Vehicle cooling system, University of Michigan-Dearbom, November 2016.

Built a Simulink model of vehicle cooling system consisting of four sub models namely, engine operation, air flowrate, coolant flowrate and
renmicny ian

Determined coolant flow rate, heat rejection from the engine, and engine outlet coolant temperature for different vehicle speeds by executing
the simulation model.

Computational Analysis of Hemispherical Radiating Fm, Visvesvaraya Technological University, April 2015.

Derived heat transfer equations by using two-dimensional conduction equation in spherical coordinates and subjected the same to radiative
boundary condition, with constant base temperature.

Solved derived equations using Finite Difference Method and Gauss-Seidel iterations by writing a code in FORTRAN 95.

Determined Heat transfer improvement as a function of thermal conductivity and emissivity, with and without irradiation.

The hemispherical fin starts to radiate heat for thermal conductivity > 3 (W/mK) and absorbs heat for thermal conductivity < 3=">

Engineering Intern Jan 2016 to Jun 2016
Company Name i City

[Avr etetdenc ine recctrecd na kl asluncaienboueraichil nce lene CUeR I OHLes nelam Birr cen

iL otren eth Clo ue owe) ceca ar eiecae ab Ceie sell ecm

Overhauled Engines and Transmissions with assistance of technicians.

Carried out tasks such as et and replacement of clutch, common rail, glow plugs, spark plugs, head gaskets, shims, tappets, brake
pads, brake shoes, brake fluid, engine oil, coolant, EGR systeis, VVT systems, engine filters, fixl filters, wheel bearings.

Gained knowledge in working of CAN Bus systers.

Assisted technicians in cylinder compression test, servicing of inter-coolers, suspension systems, brake systers.

Operated SDT (Suzuki Diagnostic Tool) to inspect, analyze and eliminate errors caused by various sensors and actuators present in
different vehicle systems.

Mechanical Engineering Intern Jul 2014
Company Name i City

The main objective of the intemship was to understand the different mechanisms and technical concepts involved in the end to end
manufacturing of rail coaches and engines.

Monn po enLeme od Sucictpmanyiltrea

Witnessed various concepts such as welding, sheet metal works, CNC machine working ete.

Benchnurking and Preliminary analysis (Mid-Size SUV), University of Michigan-Dearbom, September 2016.

Collected Customer requirements from surveys, websites, magazine and, blogs.

Conducted a benchmarking study of competitor vehicks with the reference selected vehicle.

Developed preliminary specifications of the target vehick.

Developed Pugh Diagrams to determine how the target vehicle and benchmarked vehicles compare with the reference vehick.

QED, requirement cascade and interface analysis for a selected vehicle system (Instrument Panel), University of Michigan- Dearborn,
October 2016.

Determined fictional specifications through the application of the Quality Function Deployment (QFD) to a selected vehicle system
Cascaded vehick attributes and sub-attributes requirements to vehick system and its sub-system requirements.

Developed interface diagram and interface matrix for the selected vehicle system included all major sub-systerrs.

Identified and analyzed major trade-off considered in designing the selected system to fit and work with other vehicle systems.
Business Plan Development (Mid-Size SUV), University of Michigan-Dearbom, November 2016.

Determined and developed various features, options, unique characteristics of vehicle systems and provided a brief description of the
proposed vehick.
