ENGINEERING MANAGER
Profile

Dedicated Engineering Manager with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated by over 25 years of experience.

als
© Windows XP Professional (Word Excel and Outlook) and Intemet. © Project managerrent
© Process improverrent

Accomplishments
Testing, Evaluation and Analysis: A

© Tested equipment to ensure compliance.
¢ Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.

Fremont aN

© Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were compkted to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.

Professional Experience
Engineering Manager 11/2010 to 02/2016 Company Name City , State

Directed the installation, testing, operation, maintenance, and repairs of equipment.

Trained mechanics on standard operating procedures and coordinate preventive maintenance programs.

Responsible for remodeling projects, making detailed plans to accomplish goals and direct the integration of technical activities.

Worked closely with management, front desk, food & beverage, security, and housekeeping staff in regards to room and common areas
activities and issues.

Responsible for safety, health, fire, and emergency systems to comply with municipal and federal regulations.

Managed numerous projects simultaneously within budgetary restrictions.

Prepared accurate specifications for purchase of materials and equipment for purchasing departrrent.

(QU slnoco ME res Bienes rcinecnnep rou elnetenuib icity eat elmer) eae

Resolved part and assembly discrepancies.

Assistant Superintendent 04/2003 to 10/2010 Company Name City , State

Responsible for the maintenance and repairs of 600 residential units.

Assisted the Superintendent in mintaining the physical integrity of the building.

Involved in ensuring a safe, secure and comfortable living environment for residents.

Handled the daily building inspections for damages and ckanliness.

Performed electrical and phavbing work as needed.

Conducted preventive maintenance of low-pressure oil boiler and ancillary equipment.

Supervised a staff of nine (doormen and porters) in the evenings.

Repaired or replaced defective equipment, components or wiring of window air conditioning units and 3-tons systems.
UisinetRediilecBO MMOL en ecurrr emer leis iiaea nad iieccm Rusts sce ecm

Ensured that adequate supplies are in stock for emergency repairs and preventive maintenance.

Completed daily reports of work performed, problems, unusual occurrences, materials expended for billing and recordkeeping purposes.

Suite Attendant 12/1994 to 03/2003 Company Narre City , State
CEN o a etRaul SO nivcd nT ARIK eine Gio CM alco munL od Cenc ee men LORS Lat cm
Cer cca ree ico nai iest hy cleco bse les Scie oi h@) Renin cay ccm B oiiiuranas ne urecce
¢ Assisted in the coordination of corporate parties.
Assistant Superintendent 10/1990 to 09/2000 Company Name City , State
CPCS ENTS Hon eke C PR santa BORG
© Repaired all physical danmges to apartments.
© Responsible for conducting all phurbing and electrical wiring.

Education and Training
Type your own 2016 Trade School

Coursework in [Course Nam]

ean e
SO Tena esyetrciy
