DIRECTOR OF ENGINEERING
Summary

Manager/Director - Engineering/Research & Development/Product Development/Design - Versatile and highly competent mechanical engineering
professional offering over 10 years experience of product design & development in the manufacturing industry with demonstrated success in on-
site technical support, installation & maintenance and systems troubleshooting & testing.

¢ Expertise in project management techniques, implementing engineering changes and performing testing & design changes.

¢ Track record of handling welding, fabrication, material handling and mterial processing procedures along with managing project budgets.

© Possesses technical & engineering skills with the ability to analyze issues, devise continuous process improvernents, incorporate initiatives to
increase efficiency, streamline operations & decrease overall expenses with minimal resources.

© Successfillly built the production departirent froma staff of zero to 20 in approximately 5 weeks and compkted a project 20 days early and
15% under budget at Amer Industrial Technologies

¢ Efficiently managed engineering of S3OMM+ nuclear safety related project including 10 large stainless steel process tanks at Amer Industrial
Technologies

Cee erulalcca aos ree CRO ca onu Ke suee neem ulinannca lle cre eB rdiae Bb aeteckinsriaCaitin seals Omen et
the products by over 30% at Roberts Filter Group

¢ Areas of Expertise:

Project Engineering & Production Product Design & Product
Developnent Testing

Knowledgeable in Welding & Fabrication, Material Handling &
Processing Procedures, Project Management & Direction,
Internal & External Quality Audits, Instrumentation &

(OOM BuielcussincnacMyiiuntycncm eB ncies sau

on zicermiraiicy

Highly Organized and Strong Analytical Abilities
Articulate Oral and Written Communication
Quick Problem Resolution & Decision Making
Client Relationship Management

Continuous Process Improverrent and Innovation
BC p Snel bere Daven cig

Experience
Director of Engineering
January 2013 to Current Company Name i’ City , State

Roberts Filter Group is a designer/manuficturer of equipment for municipal water filtration and has approximately 100 employees.

© The company has been in business for 125 years.

Ce cones ROm Ne pearuneceuoalaine hinds el cence mncunencvemegennicy buck cadence oats
overseeing work assignments, attending management meetings, project meetings, product development testing, preparing & reviewing
drawings, meeting with clients at job sites and callng customers or vendors.

Major Contributions Brought three new products to market through design changes and manufacturing efficiencies, also helped reduce
manufacturing cost for two of the products by over 30%; oversaw installation of two of them and performed fick! engineering service and
troubleshooting Directed a cross-fimctional engineering department with a staffranging from 10-20 employees Efficiently oversaw successfull
delivery of projects totaling over S35MM Strategically planned short and long-term projects for engineering department Managed project
budgets to ensure profitable delivery.

Project Engineer/Engineering Manager/Production Director
January 2009 to January 2013 Company Name i City , State

Anrr Industrial Technologies was a custom manufacturer of code tanks and equipment for nuckar and non-nuckear power plants, NASA
ete. and had about 30 employees.

Responsible for development of welding (including GTAW, GMAW, FCAW, SAW, and SMAW processes), fabrication, material handling
and material processing procedures as well as development of design, document contro! and general engineering procedures.

Managed project budgets to ensure profitable delivery.

Ensured utilization and adherence of proper procedures and planned the fabrication processes and resources to be used ona daily basis.
Qualified and Certified Lead Auditor.

Major Contributions Built the production depart from froma staffof zero to 20 in about 5 weeks Compkted a nuckar safety-related
project 20 days early and 15% under budget Provided quotations on quick tum-around projects and maintained production schedules and
budgets Effectively oversaw successful early delivery of nuckar and non-nuckar projects totaling over SISMM Directed workflow,
