737 INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING MANAGER

Professional Summary

Selfmotivated, innovative and goakoriented Industrial Engineer, Project Manager and Team Leader dedicated to boosting company revenue
through exceptional kadership and rigorous cost and scheduk control techniques. Desires the opportunity to revamp processes and procedures
and increase efficiency and product quality.

Skills
* Project planning and development
© Strategic planning * Dedicated team phyer
Cee Ceuibranbnminenceeneeciunl Cae Urveceiucnenaeneran’
Cratrsiseesl| © Dependable
Ca enters)

Work History

737 Industrial Engineering Manager 01/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Manage and lead an Industrial Engineering team in support of the 737 Wing Seal, Test, Paint and Systems Installation build processes.

Lead my team in their daily activities such as production scheduling / cycling, managing the shop operating rhythm, and process improvement
implementation resulting in over $1.5M in cost savings.

Lead team to track metrics and manage major shop recoveries that impact Final Assembly and/or Delivery Lead team to use Lean took in
order to continuously Root Cause issues/opportunities and drive improvements into the business plan Support 2 manufacturing Senior
Managers and Wings Director in several Rate and MAX readiness projects Manage Opportunities and Risks for recurring and nonrecurring
statement of work Lead and continue to develop a 4 sustaining Employee Involverrent Team that is also 5.0 58.

pirate Orupccw ms wioum\ycuacam le PAL ca om PZPA0 te
Company Name 4€“ City , State

responsible for managing complete Se Wave Fab-Cell statement of work (including M&PT developmental SOW) and work break-down
structure (MS Project) for Fabrication Division Floor Beam developmental project for 787-9 implementation.

Negotiated priorities and schedule in DIE exercises with cross fimetional team (M&PT, Supplier Ment, Program Engineering, Tooling, etc.)
Integrated with program to perform risk analysis (Boris, etc.) and then worked to mitigate risks to the program by transferring knowledge
and technology for production integration at TAL, India.

Developed/Provided status and metrics to divisional and program executives.

Shared responsibility with Fabrication Estimating to develop cost estimates for division and program

Fabrication Division focal for T-Hybrid Floor Beams FAA cert hardware and allowabks.

Integrated with SMA/SDT to develop producible test plans.

As the Fab-Cell - 787 Sine Wave - Shop LE, Lead Green Rooms to make sure all aspects of production are accounted for.

Material, component procurement, tooling, programming, ME planning, etc.) Analyzed value stream including capabilities and capacity to
develop interdivisional forecasts, schedule commitments, critical paths and manufacturing risks to program.

Negotiated with other organizations to utilize equipment/process capabilities necessary to complete Sine Wave Fab-Cell SOW.

Loaded and set the priorities in the shop based on participation in developing strategy with all program stakeholders.

Developed Schedule Mitigation scenarios as part of recovery planning exercises in order to meet high level strategies.

Sole Industrial Engineer responsible for technology transfer to production in India.

Independently developed statistical models and spreadsheets to analyze data on tolerances throughout the product lifecycle to determine
that work statement meets program production requirements.

Participated in Design Of Experiments (Using DMAIC) and strategy to obtain the right data and sample size to prove process
capabilitiesMimitations and production readiness.

Analyzed data to define toolng compensation factors for Production tooling.

Participated as a manufacturing producibility representative ina weekly engineering configuration meeting that sets product baseline designs.
Assessed production equipment capacity in relation to takt time as a finction of analyzing rate readiness.

Co-kad product marketing strategy for expanding Sine Wave Structure opportunities to fiture airframe applications.

Industrial Engineer 12/2005 to 09/2008
Company Name 4€“ City , State

responsible for business strategy and special projects utilizing project/people management skills.

Created an integrated system for large package capacity/forecast planning for Boeing's tooling business.

Independently developed and implemented a dynamic Daily Managerrent and Load Chart System.

Developed hands on scheduling tools for production management.

Member of Auburn Site Core metrics and South Site IE Process Council that promotes best practices.

Cone ecl bw. W ie

ATW certification - Utilized lean projects and ran workshops to enhance customer alignment and engagement ATS metrics and systems
focal - Established a shop floor metric package to enable mamgement visibility of actual factory performance.

Developed JE applications for new MES system (Tooling’s ERP).

Industrial Engineering Supervisor 07/2010 to 01/2014
