ENGINEERING INTERN
als
© CH, Python, MATLAB, Git, Bash, R, SQL (basic). Experienced in Linw/Unix and using high performance computing clusters.
Machine Leaming Tools and Libraries: Scikit-leam, Pandas, Seabomn, matplotlib, TensorFlow (basic). (1 built a XGBoost
model that has 77.5% accuracy in the Kaggle Titanic challenge.)
Computational Fluid Dynamics and Discrete Element Method Codes
CFD-DEM, OpenFOAM, CFD-ACE+A®, FluentA®, COMSOLA®, LAMMPS, and LIGGGHTS.
Reservoir and Fracture Modeling Tools
CMGA® for reservoir simultion; FracProA® for fracture simulation and analysis; Saphir for pressure transient analysis.
Experimental and Statistical Methods
SEM, AFM, Confocal Microscopy, Regression analysis, Statistical process control, Design of experiments.

schivor anes
ENGINEERING INTERN 08/2016 1% 12/2016 Company Name State

© Project: Develop a cavings transport model for optimizing hok-cleaning operations.

© Developed a solids transport model for predicting cuttings/cavings bed height during a hole-cleaning operation.

© Incontrast to conventional CFD models that typically take several hours to run, this novel numrrical model can obtain results within a few
minutes, enabling timely optimization of the well circulation scheduk.

Investigated the competitive landscape and designed the commercialization plan for the numerical model.

© Leveraged the experiences from internal drilling experts and aligned with all stakeholders throughout the development process.

ENGINEERING INTERN 05/2016 i 08/2016 City , State

© Project: Optimize diverter pumping schedule for better production performance affer well re-stimulation.

* Built a simulator to model proppant, diverter, and slurry distribution in a plug-and-perf hydraulic fracturing operation.

¢ Derived a simple proxy model to substitute time-consuming CFD-DEM simuhtions for predicting diverter transport through perforation
festa

* Simuhtion time drops fiom 48+ hours to less than 1 sec.

¢ Provided recommendations for pumping schedule design ina fracturing treatment.

PROCESS ENGINEER 04/2012 1% 05/2013 Company Name City

© Improve disphy yield through statistical modeling, process control, and tool modifications.

AN ROL arte Rue NCO A

2012 by completing two specific yield improverrent tasks in merely two months, first time for QMT-TW to award its engineers after
Canina

© Optimized sealing process of interferometric modulator (iMoD) display that led to 52% pre-fimctional yield increase.

© Increased the up time of panel encapsulation station from 73% to 92% by keading two too modification projects involving a group of 5
equipment engineers and 2 external support engineers from Japan.

PROPPANT/DIVERTER TRANSPORT in HORIZONTAL WELLS, UT Austin Aug.

© 2014-present.

© Evahnte the efficiency of proppant/diverter transport in perforated horizontal wells under different slurry flow conditions using a combined
CFD-DEM approach.

Developed a multivariate statistical model to substitute traditional CFD model for predicting proppant transport through perforations at
various flow conditions.

Miveeoln HuisiLenakuemelre seat oeme errant ace

Accurately predicted DAS-measured proppant distribution in a field case with kss than 10% error.

Chu-Hsiang Wu Page 2 DESIGN and SELECTION of GRAVEL PACK and SAND CONTROL SCREENS, UT Austin Jun.

PA RS econ

Develop analytical, DEM, and Monte Carlo models for predicting sand production through gravel packs and sand control screens.
Accurately predicted 6 sand production lab-test results obtained from operators with less than 15% error using the developed model.
Invented a DEM-based approach for extracting pore throat size distribution of compkx packings.

Results show that the pore throat sizes within gravel packs are usually between 1/5 to 1/9 of the effective gravel size.

The findings correspond remarkably well with previous field observations and enable firther optimization of gravel pack designs.

COO UTS ina nnine

© Designed highly mixing-efficient serpentine channels for biomedical detection.
© Devised mixing index to quantify mixing efficiency of two heterogeneous fluids flowing in microfluidic channeb.

pinay

SPE transhtor, Nepal medical assistance group, cofounder of Taiwan Bio-Nano Youth Initiative. SELECTED PUBLICATIONS A- Wu, C.-H.,
Sharm, M. M. 2017. A DEM-based approach for evaluating the pore throat size distribution ofa filter medium, Powder Technology, ISSN
0032-5910, hitps//doi.org/10.1016/.powtec.2017.09.018. A- Wu, C.-H., Shanma, M. M., Chanpura, R. et al. 2017. Factors Goveming the
Predicted Performance of Multilayered Metal-Mesh Screens. SPE Drilling & Completion. SPE-178955-PA. https//doi.org/10.2118/178955-PA.
