RS BRED ONCGH NSE]

Career Overview

10+ years total information technology experience both locally and intemationally with major information Technology and energy companies,
Experience with report all non-conforming parts, rmterials or drawings to supervisor. With assembly and mechanical experience, resolve assembly
problens, troubleshoot malfimetions and defects of final assembly. Report other problems to supervisor to obtain assistance. Build a defect-ffee
servers unit and or sub-assembly. Complete required in-process inspection, repair any defects found. Compkte final inspection docurrentation and
test of equipment to insure highest quality for delivery to the end user. Follow all procedures and processes provided by engincering in accordance
to assembly of unit. Document quality information as required to support quality process. Experience with identify any defects found are
documented and corrected prior to delivery of unit. Experience with Build Quality into all products without exception. Experience with
dailyveekly production scheduk as determined by schedukr. Deep ability to improvise when needed. Profound ability to work with basic math
and algebra. Proven ability to define problems colkcts data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Excellent attention to detail and
uncommon ability to complete essential duties and responsibilities in an efficient and timely manner. Great positive attitude with management and
co-workers and remarkabk ability to work under stress. Effective commaumication and interpersonal skills and strong ability to work independently
or with co- workers and / or managerent as directed. Orderly, flexibke, cooperative and immense ability to follow instructions. Profound ability to
comply with required working hours and be on time and dependable. TECHNICAL SKILLS Manufacturing Quality, Controls and
iSituncoMmse tee ONc Lom AUncM eng nce cree Wodiile Bruel eM Conc gre) CeO nom neuron AMDB Gre ly ccinem
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point), Inventory Control, Data Entry, Assembler Hard worker and team key player. Like to
work with more challenge. High ability for training Mass Storage methods. High leader ship skils. Ability to work wih team environment. Ability to
fix compkx issues (HDD, Cages, and Nodes). Ability to build UPG 3PAR Racks. Ability to work overtime in weekends and holidays. Build
different unites (MS.3PAR.SUPERDOM). Ability to develop his skills. Ability to coordinate with test and build team.

Qualifications

© 10 Years
Cs aioatondiosniy
Cae nase
© 5 Years
AB SoS ene RHEE Coen RCS , seo Test
¢ HP ProLiant Tower Servers (ML): ML310 G5, ML330 G6, ML 350 G6, ML 370 G6 ne
© HP ProLiant Rack Servers (DL): DL 120G6, DL 160G6, DL 165 G7, DL 180/185 G6 Reeser enn
¢ 3PAR Rack and Servers Assembly: a cee
© F200, F400, Storage Systems, T400, T800 Configuration Base, V400, V800 Configuration, EOS nae
Leas 5 5 RBs eB Say ower)
¢ Drive Type: 300 IT Customer Service - Technical support ean
Ceo aid Acre
1g
© , Exceland Access ane
PVE na cy
Cae aig
© 5 Years
° MS Word
Technical Skills
N11 Experience Total Years Last Used
TECHNICAL TEST AND WIP AUDITOR TECHNICAL 10 3
A Sed oimcraned

RET la AU OB OR OTs roa Gen can cl ey AON mmClt Kel

GB 15K Fiber Channel, 600 GB 15K Fiber Channel, 1TB 3G 7.2 LFF SATA Assembly upgrade 3PAR orders regarding customer
configuration (T, F and V Class).

Asserrbly power cables for 3PAR Racks.

Assembly nodes (power supply, Fans, cables, FCALS, GBIC, and Fiber Cabk).

3PAR/EOS WIP Audit: Conducted material inspections in accordance with the specifications for the required material.
Reduce 3PAR/EOS operator error from77% to 9%.

Help to design EOS SAS cabk label point to point diagram.

Provide SAS cable connection for build station 3.

AOAC Del eMsm COR ort cRcaa MESH nC ROL a Omen RICL Ue Ey

Prepared inspection quality test plans to ensure all technical specifications are followed.

Organized inspection procedures for quality production standards.

err eli alecke lnm once lce coterie Rec) alc) Bras eundnecd mscceReresHtne vie B rsliitice

Monitored all production performance of employees and submitted to the supervisor their weekly performance reports.
Monitored the manufactured product and ensured that it corresponds with the engineering docurrents and other specifications.

re ee ee ee ee

Lele aM AU ROP uta) Bm Goes eR CUT LO SMES IC

¢ Assembly process includes fitting, mounting, alignment, adjusting, operational testing, repairs, in-depth troubleshooting and diagnosing, and
Poche aelvam manera
