ENGINEERING MANAGER
Summary
Versatile bilingual Electronics and Instrumentation Engineer with multi industry experience of + 9 years demonstrated ability to lead an engineering
team, and handle multiple projects from conceptualization through fabrication with high accuracy and ina timely manner.
Highlights

© Fluent in Spanish

PEI Honetdosreipriaiiag * Autocad and SAP user

© Work well under pressure © Python and Labview training

© Initiative to work independently « ASMEand OSHA training

CEBU MB concen cena)

schivor anes
05/2014 to 07/2016
Orono ea eta ROU TAN nT ay AGI AEE!

A Lead and assigned the activities of the product engineering multidisciplinary team consisting in 5 peopk, during the EPC project of gas
treatment plant Cardon IV and other projects.

Reviewed third party design drawings and MTOs. Tracked all material to be sent to Venezuch for Cardon IV.

Served as Project Manager during proposal and beginning of fabrication of'skid mounted pressure vessels for Parmaiba Brazil

Supported other departments with estimation of terials for proposals and creation/codification ofa material database in SAP.
Reviewed, and approved P&IDs, Isometrics, fabrication drawings and other engineering documents to be used by in-house manufacturing
neem

* Technical support for the manufacturing shop.

Impkmented department procedures and forms.

© Evahated performance of supervises at the end of year and keep track of vacations/sick days.

03/2012 to 05/2014
Instrumentation Engineer Company Name 14 City , State

* Served as Project Engineer in the proposal and fabrication of pressure vessels being outsourced and the skid mounted in-house delivered on
rere Muyo pede eiela

© Selected adequate instruments and junction boxes for skid mounted pressure vessel during several projects according to P&ID, datasheets
and area chsification

© Used AUTOCAD to modify P&ID and to create one-line connection diagrams for junction boxes.

© Developed datasheet formats for instruments.

05/2010 to 03/2012
Electrical Engineer/Sustaining Engineer Company Name 1% City , State

Oversaw the internal and outsourced manufacturing of new line of sensors used in pipeline inspection tools(ID Discrimination/Deformation
Module and Magnetic Flux Leakage). Provided assembly training and procedures.Continuously evaluated the quality of the sensors and
reduction of the assembly time.

Designed PCB using Altium Designer for a Testing fixture for ID discrimination/deformation sensors

Designed and characterized a power supply for an INS module:including selection of components, prototype, schematics PCB, final test
BireKeoalipee nite

* Performed root cause failure and troubleshooting of sensors.

© Improved the reliability of Magnetic Flux leakage sensors by modifying PCBs using Altium designer

Peseta ner ez0) ce)
Electronics Designer Engineer /Manufacturing Engineer Company Name 1% City , State

Designed the PCBs of two mosquito control box and a solar powered electronic pesticide.

Collaborated with software engineersA to specify the product , estimated material, build a prototype , testing and release it to production.
Troubleshoot and repaired PCB manufacturing in-house

Prepared fabrication documentation for manufacturing (BOMs Schematics, procedures assembly operational and testing ).

Served as Project Engineer in proposals for new project (analyzed system requirements, capacity, cost, and customer needs to determine
feasibility of project)

Modify PCB schematics and layouts using Cadence and Altium Designer to reduce cost of components or to add new modules/fimetions.
© Designed PCBs Testing Fixtures using AutoCAD

PPS OR PAUL
Project Engineer /Electrical Design Engineer Company Name i City , State

© Specified Component, validated product and released fabrication documents as BOM, drawings and technical specification of the Motor
and Motor control of the washer machine,
© Generated a series of tests (DOEs) based in analysis of the variabkes that could affect the performance of the washer machine and its
