MECHANICAL ENGINEERING INTERN
Summary
Mechanical Engineer Professional offering 25 years of progressive experience within a manufacturing setting. Experienced project manager that
negotiates prices for project, created and implemented preventive/corrective maintenance strategies and compkted projects before deadline and
under budget. Maintenance Manager who prioritizes multiple tasks based upon risk and production needs and works well under pressure. Broad
industry experience includes Military, LRV Trains, and industrial manufacturing Highlights Proficient in SolidWorks Facility and plant modifications
Root cause analysis Time managerrent skills Project management Cross-disciplinary collaboration Strategic prioritization Familiar with predictive
Pirshecensibecioe tire bes

Highlights

Auto-Cad, Solid Works, Failure analysis, Microsoft Office, Military industrial settings (Navy Ships) programming, Trained/mentored junior
personal, and troubleshooting mechanicalelectrical syst

schivor anes

Mechanical Engineering Intern 05/2013 to 08/2014 Company Narre State

© Updated Piping and instrumentation drawings in Auto-Cad Performed failure analysis on process equipment and implemented new
maintenance schedules accordingly.

Project Manager for the following projects: Designed and implemented HVAC zone installation for main office and foyer.

Installed new Intralox thermodrive conveyor Implemented projects to reduce water consumption Designed and Implemented new fire
suppression system for oil recovery unit Designed and Implemented updating sizer production.

Mechanical Engineering Intern 05/2013 to 08/2013 Company Narre State

© Designed diesel fixl tanks for 400 and 750 kW generators on Auto-Cad using UF 142 standards.
* Assisted in new design of the generator conversion from diesel fuel into natural gas.

© Project Manager for re-enforcing mobile generator traikers.
© Composed operating procedures for diesel generators.

Electrica¥Mechanical Technician 07/2008 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for the maintenance and calibration of process control and laboratory equipment.

Evaluated and installed engineering upgrades for research, design, and prototype upgrades.

Impkmented new Data Acquisition system including installing and programming 32 new Honeywell chart recorders.

Fixed and calibrated oxygen sensor for updraft of Thermal Oxidizing stack that was said to be un-repairable Calibrated thermocouple and

Watlow process controllers.

© Planned, scheduled and coordinated detailed phases of large-scale projects Coordinated contractors, architects and other project team
members to deliver high quality projects within specified time frames.

Modifications Supervisor 05/2005 to 02/2006 Company Name State

© Installed electrical/mechanical modifications on multi-million dollar LRV's (light rail vehick).

* Created critical spare parts lists for modifications to LRV's Used Citrix drawings for troubleshooting onboard systers.
© Purchased and organized mnterials for LRV's.

© Used PTU for interfacing and troubleshooting Bombardier propulsion, Knorr braking and HVAC systems.

* Wrote all reports on modification and progress timetables.

© Responsible for scheduling trains for modification upgrades and testing.

Marine Electrical Technician 04/2004 to 01/2005 Company Narr City , State

© Installed and wired Electronics/Electrical components on 85 and 65 foot yachts.
© Installed 300kw and 250 kW Northem Light generators, Detroit propulsion engines and all domestic and auxiliary systems.
© Built engine rooms with mechanics from the ground up; including carpentry, electrical, mechanical, and fiberglass work.

Phstics Operator 01/2002 to 04/2004 Company Name City , State

© Operated and maintained Rotational molding machine.

Ci icliccbrc enlace) Beiritetce

© Helped make operation procedures for machines.

© Used troubleshooting skills to solve 4 arm 4 station rotational molding machine problems that included over temperature, plating and wrong
rotational speed.

Project Manager/Ekctrician 08/1999 to 09/2002 Company Name

© Responsible for all coordination and building of treatment plants.

* Finished Royal Roads Treatment plant prior to deadline and under budget.

¢ Initiated and wrote all corrective/preventive maintenance schedules for treatment sites.

© Planned, scheduled and coordinated detailed phases of large-scale projects.

* Coordinated contractors and other project team members to deliver high quality projects within specified time frames Wired and installed
