SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGER
Summary

Experienced software engineer, and hands-on engineering manager with 20+ years of product development experience in broadcast media, and
10+ years of experience in keading development teams (20+ engineers), hiring (10+ offers, 40+ interviews), HR personnel procedures,
performance reviews, and project transitions.

schivor anes

UU RR eracans

Software Engineering Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Visual C++, Windows, STL, OOP, MFC, threads, file maps, ATL, IPC, FTP, TCP, HTTP, XML, JSON, services, web services, REST
API, SOA, media formats and standards, codec SDK and integration, MPEG-DASH, API design and documentation.

* BCD spinoffas Imagine in 2013) Nexio video servers and applications facilitate collaborative workflow in Nexio LAN with video servers,

services and applications running in various nodes.

Media cones from proprietary SAN or generic storage off NAS.

Developrrent and team management, Nexio servers’ applications, Playout business unit: Relocated from IL to CA, took on larger rok, and

video server applications as well.

Led team of 6 from Burbank, team of 8 fiom Naperville, and team of 8 (indirect report) from Beijing.

Introduced peer reviews, repurposed components, and all 3 tears collaborated as one large team

Adopted Scrum since 2014 (ScrumMaster), team of 3 to 6 from Burbank; Naperville office closed in 2013.

Blomitieenlcteerecanc ei reeete mony cialis PM cate tame et ace

Recipient of "Reuse Innovation Award" for IP reuse, major factor to Server business unit tumaround.

Released deliverabks for Nexio Software Suite 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, Global Proxy Suite 2.5, 3.0, 3.5 Initiated, architected and executed SOA

fromconcept to completion to facilitate decoupled UI clients, 2 web services and 10 services, and selected hands-on projects include:

Hercules web service for web player solution based off MPEG-DASH Created C-+++ engine to process URI, handk sessions, and deliver

segmented MP4 atoms (1.264, AAC) Provides dynamic HTMLS player page; JavaScript source based offdash JS.

Supports multiple raster sizes and bit rates; ‘ready to go" and "Just in time" sessions.

Team helped with providing C# web service framework, CLI bridge layer, and device testing.

Published fimetional, REST API, and URI specification document.

JSON services on TCP stack using C++ as part of SOA Created API framework chsses; multi-threaded server side socket classes.

Created header only JSON parser on top of open source "rapid json" for SAX style reader.

Developed new services: Content Manager, Helper, Picon, and Requestor.

Evolved as services: Encoder, GPRX, Helios, MB, Scavenger, and Transcoder.

Guided GPRX, Helper, and Requestor to completion.

Published 10 JSON protocol API documents for 3rd party and in-house use.

Content Manager service for primary-backup workflows Multi-threaded rules based engine to manage media contents between two

Clete

Architected and developed new UMID based solution (gen 2) for new workflow needs and scalability.

Scavenger, Transcoder for low-res proxy management Needed solution to improve legacy products, required regular hand holding,

remained escalated.

Proposed new approach, teamed up, and successfilly wrote two new 24/7 products.

MediaBase DLL, desktop explorer for assets (C++, MFC) Guided to optimize original implerrentation for 200K IDs to meet storage

scalbility needs.

Achieved constant UI performance under few milliseconds regardkss of user operation.

Proposed to introduce "dta-handler" architecture in ftp-server Approach helped to consolidate all media formats as one product build, and

renal iN

© Teamadded one converter DLL per media container format for import and export.

OU Leb)
Software Engineering Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Developrent and team management, Nexio editing applications: Led team of 8 from Napervilk, and team of 8 (indirect report) from
Serer

© Hired, mentored and built core editing team to size of 8, and collaborated with expanded team in Beijing.

© Established development process document for consistent procedures and peer code review guidelines.

© Teamestablished crash dump analysis procedures to help troubleshoot hard to repeat issues.

© Released deliverabks for Video Editing Suite 2.5 Proposed architecture and teamed up to develop server integration modules for video
broadcast workflows.

08/1997 to 10/2005
Principal Software Engineer Company Name if City , State

© Harris Corporation acquired Leitch) Architected, designed, and implemented fimdarental DLL components for evolution of video editing
product, and major projects include (C++, Win32, threads, GUI): Interactive playback architecture Media file reader and writer
componenis, scalable decoder and encoder architectures.

© Video and audio rendering engines Hardware integration modules, critical part of business success in post-production space.

* Interactive picon and waveform drawing components 64-bit and Unicode migration of all moduks with over 4 million lines of code.
