ENGINEERING OFFICER
Obdjective

Looking for opportunities to work in an research environment for creating solutions using digital systems at circuit as well as system level.

brairestbeny
Master of Science : Ekctrical Engineering 2017 North Carolina State University City , State , USA

Bachelor of Engincering : Instrumentation and Control Engineering 2013 Netaji Subhas Institute Of Teclmology City , State , India
Majored with 78.34 %, First Class With Distinction A
Academie Merit Award 2011-12 and 2012-13

schivor anes
Engineering Officer 07/2014 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

Spearheaded a team of electricians and technicians to carry out preventive maintenance of equipment of LPG bottling plant. Role ako entailed
Pies eee kenhecr ens MCB CHES aes “Mia oleMmok ceive) iced

® Maintenance and calibration of equipment such as cylinder gas leak detectors, washer keak detectors, gas analyzers etc.
© Upkeep of electrical panels and control systems.

© Maintenance of drive units, compressors, LPG pumps ete.

© Modified and developed various plant equipments to improve production line throughput.

Operations Officer 06/2013 to 06/2014 Company Nanr City , State

Oversaw the operations of LPG bottling plant production activities.

© Managed workforce on the production line to give maximum production whik maintaining safety standards.
© Optimized the production Ime equipment and maintained regular calibration checks of equipments like quality check machines to produce
yale ocd cu tLceken ind atm

SILOM PAO LU PUPA lank OS MECH

Engaged in various automation and control system design using Distributed Contro! Systems and Programmable Logical Controllers. Leamed
interfacing of struments with Controllers and their respective communication protocols.

Documented and created a report as a reference manual on the technical details of various systems and instruments which was presented to the
Pern ci

Intern 06/2011 to 07/2011 Company Name City , State

Leamed about the various instruments used in different process applications of the petroleum refinery. Knowledge of the use of intrinsically safe
devices in hazardous areas and the ratings of equipment as per the hazardous zones. Interfacing of these instruments with Distributed Control
Systems and parameters of tuning the PID controllers

Published Work
Research Paper: A

LOSE CLEC S Ee UCU LL Le CP Cem Lb CLR ULL eA Ea CCS CASALE a SL
Thermistor Lincarization on Field Progranmuble Gate Array "5 Experimental Techniques Volume 39, Issue 2, pages 234€°30, Jan 2013 A

rN
anna e mur

K. P. S. Rana, Vineet Kumar, Neel Pramanik , Nishant Mitra, Sumit Kumar Shakya: "Some Applications of FPGA in Custom Waveform
Generation and Triggering for Metrology ";Conitrence: 8th International Conférence on Advances in Metrology (AdMET), Organised jointly
by CSIR-NPL and Metrology Society of India, At New Delhi, India, Feb 2013 A

SWseeay

Company Name City , State

Engineering Officer 12/2014

Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) Based Chain Conveyor Tripping System

© Designed a control Joop which was interfaced with a Allen Bradely PLC controler to read the current readings of individual drive units and
provide appropriate tripping signals as per the motor health.
