ENGINEERING INTERN
Summary
To contribute my skills and experience to the further the development ofan organization and achieve growth in my professional career path.
Education and Training

Bachelor of Science : Civil Engineering 2017 San Diego State University , City , State

Professional Project Manager BootCamp 2008 PMP Institute , City , State

NITC PhurbingPipe Fitting Joumeymnn License 2004 Local 525 Phurbing Apprenticeship Hall , City , State

Associate of Science : Airftame Power Plant 2002 Vincennes University/Purdue University ATC , City , State

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Engineering Intern 09/2015 to Current

* Performs complex engineering designs for the preparation of preliminary and final engineering plans.

Aids in creating specifications and cost estimates for the construction and/or improvement of storm drains, streets, sanitary sewers and

Peas Cos mSHE Pt Lac

© Preforms engineering calculations for hydrology/hydraulic structures, land surveys and highway and strect alignments.

Prepares kegal descriptions and grant deeds for easements and street right-of way; participated in right-of-way negotiations and acquisitions;
investigated and checked tentative and final subdivision maps for accuracy, design, completeness and conformance to the local sub-division
ordinance and the State of Subdivision Map Act.

Helps in the design and coordinate in the construction of improvement projects; reviewed improvement and grading plans for composition
and accuracy; provided written and oral information to the public, contractors, developers and other engineers on related issues.

Attends meetings and made presentations to various committees, commissions, professional and community groups; wrote Council agenda
statements, reports and correspondence as required; conducted studies related to planning public works facilities.

Company Name City , State Preload Supervisor 04/2011 to 09/2015

Managed departrent resources to ensure maximum output, accuracy, and efficiency at all time for a total of 7 workers.

Directed daily trans load activities to support account objectives for kvel service, cost management, customer expectations and volume
fpeeniLc tO Ce

© Established and promoted a positive, team oriented work environment emphasizing employee involverrent, pro-active communication, inter-
departmental cooperation and continual improvement on all levels.

Impkmented employee personal development plans as required to ensure the continuing professional growth of departrent personnel.
Maintained a responsiblity to ensure that all employees adhere to safety policies and procedure at all times, operating in full compliance with
department, station, corporate, OSHA, and WISHA requirerrents.

Company Name City , State Journeyman Plurber/P ipefitter- Commercial 02/2007 to 06/2010

* Installed proper plurbing and pipefitting installation on The City Center Project, the largest privately finded jobs im American history costing
a total of 9.2 billion dollars and 16,797,000 sq. ft.of mixed-use complex of 76 acres.

Constructed various types of pipe joints for high or low-pressure systems, including threading, brazing, soldering, welding or lead-wiping of
joints on The Mandarin Tower, a luxury 5 star hotel, with a total of 56 floors and 392 rooms.

Cut, fit, fabricated, and assembled a wide variety ofarticks, materials, and devices, including steel, copper, brass, glass, plastic, cast iron,
corrosion resistant pipe, tile, concrete type piping will providing safety first mentality while working on The Aria Resort and Casino, a 4,004
OT NeLe elec cee Hk gOlin ara

Installed fittings, boilers, hangers, anchors, fixtures and guides on The Veer Towers, a twin 37 story, 480-foot residential tower, that houses
EVA Mts mneusCe rity

© The Veer Towers lean from 5 degrees ffomcenter in opposite directions, which makes it a engineering accomplishment.

Company Name City , State Journeyman Plurber/Pipe fitter 04/2004 to 02/2007

Preformed proper installation of plurbing/ pipefitting installation on The Blue Green Club 36 Time Share located on the west side of The
Las Vegas Strip, a7 floor low-rise that was 14.9 million in total cost.

Knowledge of underground, sewer lines, draining system and all phrase ofnew construction on many small businesses in the greater Las

a Couskes les

Constructed various types of pipe joints for high or low-pressure systems, including threading, brazing, soldering, welding or lead-wiping of
BU ULeRe ber stig OM Lavibece heels

Cut, fit, fabricated, and assembled a wide variety ofarticks, materials, and devices, including steel, copper, brass, glass, plastic, cast iron,
eens see einige cml emuel aca Com A esl catiem

Installed fittings, boilers, hangers, anchors, fixtures and guides.

Knowledge of underground, trim work and installation of fixtures.

Passed the Nevada state Licensure for Plurbing/Pipefitting.

Company Name City , State Helper Plumber 01/2002 to 04/2004
© Aided in the installation of underground, 2nd rough and finish trim with the direction ofa Joummeymen level Phinber
* Ability to Soklered/Brazed Copper Piping and installation of Cast Iron,PVC, CPVC, Stainless Steel, Iron Gas Pipe and Galvanized Pipe.A
