CHEMICAL ENGINEERING INTERN

fe eyfeulmenssel anand
To obtain employment as an entry evel Chemical Engineer utilizing my current experience and education.
Competencies

© Project managenent © Process piping

© Scheduling tools © Microsoft Office

© ChenCad, OAM, MES and EPI © Quulity control

¢ Structural red-lne revisions skills ¢ Strong presentation skills

CP cleee Rune eneetiacet Kec Me Cree ocnotr eng

Experience

0 Weer

Oo es PouuiLeannes ion k@un singh hy ALOIS mss

Intem at AkzoNobel, assigned to the Columbus, Mississippi plant working 30-40 hours weekly in the Hydrogen Peroxide division. Primary duties
include observation of the different processes (hydrogenation, oxidation, extraction, distillation, mixing, and loading of peroxide and its
components). Updating the OAM, MES, and OEE portals daily with informtion from the chief technician. Gathering quotes and product
Secale lt Bom ANCE una Gol cam ig iid xd Se Po iclcO omens eR uN nib) nme ESS AMIE TaNA CSR ITTSTNg
Aiea em toni eo Lape R Ne VENT o en eya Ginn cone ule ing yi) (Com ei) cache ce uses on amen niitentl ite
with a control valve on a condensate tank; adding a differential pressure transmitter to control the tank evel; installing an orifice plate in the pipe to
control the flow into the tank. Responsibilities included obtaining bids for mechanical bor, electrical and instrumentation labor, and DCS
configuration and quotes for instrumentation. The scope of the project was $50,000. - Installing an RF Capacitance probe on an existing sight
glass ona holding tank; replacing a chemical hose with a 316L stainless steel pipe and installing a control valve in the pipe to control the interface
evel within the sight glass. Responsibilities included obtaining bids for mechanical labor, electrical and instrumentation labor, and DCS
Roanoke ee OMIT NAC Theresa ceRcoeleLe gisele] aa SSeCk IRN Oech 18

OTS A0 US

Chemical Engineering Summer School (ChESS Vienna) Company Name 1% City , State

© The focus of the Chemical Engineering Summer school course, ChESS Vienna, was on practical exploration of unit operations of process
engineering in lab scale and touring various chemical processing facilities m Vienna. Additional goals included developing improved
teamwork, presentation, laboratory skills, as well as expanding the student's world view, providing an enrichng educational experience, and
bit eyed ners eer EW lneke ches onomene Koran vol dm needa canbe ka tg

fe yeatiicaluonsy
Menber- American Institute of Chemical Engineers

ee ame tw ew US ee aula BS ices aeons
UA Colkge of Engincering- Peer Mentor

Bron ese aloe RO leslie Lenny

Monitor and analyze data from processes and experiments.

Follow safety procedures to be employed by workers operating equipment or working in close proximity to ongoing chemical reactions.

cy

Improve processes to separate components of liquids or gases or generate electrical currents, using controlled chemical processes.

Troubleshoot problems with chemical manufacturing processes.

uM re rane cee avae sree OAM ake tincdnasenilbecuaikarnimusn sre mieanetscanyenieen elt

regultions.
Research engineering aspects of biological or chemical processes.

© Conduct validation tests of equipment or processes.
¢ Determine causes of operational problems or failures.
¢ Evaluate characteristics of equipment or systerrs.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, OAM, MES, and EPI.
© Working knowledge of SAP, ChemCad, C+, Java.

e Advanced written and conversational German.

¢ Intermediate conversational Spanish.

rick
Education
