TEST ENGINEERING

Profile

Tam seeking the challenging position with a technology company that will allow me to apply and enhance my skills of being Test Engincer to their
fullest potential. Possessing over 10 years of experience in the electronics manufacturing and test engineering environment can bring high level of
responsibility and technical role in your company. In addition, I am eager to contribute my creativity and hard work towards the success of your
company and to the growth of the fast developing field.

Areas of Expertise

Digital/Analog and RF Circuits Design Techniques and Troubleshooting, used Agilent E5061B-3L5 LF-RF Network Analyzer for
Thiele ecpereluniey

Proficient with circuit board and microscope soldering skills and rework
Interpret in reading schematic diagram for AC/DC circuits

View Expert CAD Design software operating experience

TEXMAC Flying probe 9000 series program experience

Agiknt 83480A Digital Communication Analyzer operating experience
Employment Hands on Computer Skills

Python Scripting for test automation

Sohris 10 OS, Linux Mandrake and Red Hat OS Configuration

SQL Server Configuration

UNIX Script & Shell Programming

Networking Essentials

Networking Cabling Cat5e, Cat6 and Fiber Optic

TCP/IP and OSI Layers Knowledge

Windows XP Pro-Win7 Mac OS X Leopard

PC Hardware Installation PC Troubleshooting

PC Software Installation Routers and Switches

(Or) Boone omeeaensd

Network Subnetting, routing and addressing

Professional Experience
Test Engineering Feb 2006 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Perform component debugging on the complex android mobile technology products with Android Debug commands.

Bring up ongoing reliability lab for the android device compliance testing that includes turbke test, drop test, button cycling test, thermal
testing and humidity environment testing.

Troubleshoot and perform final root cause failure analysis on the component level for Riverbed Steelhead, Sturgeons, and Interceptors
AZ Tole tie caleba lncliers ele rstL ce

Responsible to perform fimetional test and system level validation, Report directly to the customer's quality engineering department with final
failure analysis data results on RMA/FA systems.

Manage RMA returns and process orders.

Perform incoming quality check on the RMA systems.

DO earteoB icon mce Nn eae Cnty

Use test equipment tools Digital/Analog meters, Signal Generators, Oscilloscope Tektronix TDS 3052, Fluke 26III True RMS MM meter
to find root cause on the electrical circuits.

Bled ae UB Oasis brad

Directly work with customer's engineers to resolve all test related issues and act as primary technical customer interface.

Prepare and develop test process procedures and disseminate test-enginecring standards for developed test systems.

Measure and control test debug WIP.

Stay abreast of technology trends.

Design, develop, maintain test procedures, and tester software for electronic circuit board production.

NTE ee Lema Le cnoR NEAL OM com CeruunUm ed bateite melee an eclnicce

Review test equipment designs, data and RMA issues with customers regularly.

Support backend production floor with BOM breakdown for Intel X-86 server platform, Created Visual Aids.

work instructions for asserrblies from frontend to backend.

Properly impkment ECO, ECN, Deviations, SPIs and ETN rework on the production floor.

Design barcode labels with loftware design software for asserrblies and subassemblies.

Create MES routes for the assemblies and controlled process verification in the MES system.

Bronze Six Sig certified.

Ut enlom up Berber ce tue ee aly

The 5S's, Kaizen Blitz or Events, QRQC, Workflow Analysis, Layouts & workcell design, Kanban, Simulated continuous flow, De-
bottlenecking, Takt Time and other process related improverrents, FPY reports for test matrix, Test Debug WIP reports.

Applied Lean Six Sigm methodologies to improve production process.

© Work with Test and Manufacturing engineering departients for DFT and developed test programs.

Extensive experience in NPI environment and NPI process improvements, customer's NPI projects portfolio includes McAfee, Riverbed,
HP, Silverspring networks, NEC, Cisco, Pocketfinder, Sunpower & Sable networks.
