SENIOR MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING

Qualifications

Web Handling, Printing, Extrusion, MS Office, Die Design, IPRIME, Coatings, Microstructures, CNC, Polymer Processing, Servo Controls,
Calibrations, 6 Sigma, ASQ stats, Advance Regressions, AutoCad Inventor, DSC and Melt Indexing, Instron testing methods, Corona Treating,
Purps sizing plus many suppliers training sessions. Bedford Ind. Technical training seminars

aaa chiesrates

National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Phi Theta Kappa (Intemational Honor Society), National Honor Society, President or Deans list
Cassa elm

Magna Cum Lauda Managerrent Skill managing lab staffand QA process and documentation, SPC and process capability studies and the
required systems/equipment/process to improve quality and reduce costs.

Incoming mterial qualification and defect root cause analyses.

Review other engineer's data with advance statistical methods to support their projects.

Provide training and work as the contact point to all departments on joint projects.

Communication skill working closely with contractors, suppliers, floor supervisors, and the necessary staff from all departirents.

schivor anes
Senior Manufacturing Engineering Oct 2016 to Current
Company Name

© Started as a Mechanical engineer in the design department, moved to a Manufacturing and Quality Engineer, then process improvement
engineer and now quality engineer supervisor.

Duties included the design of new equipment from concepts to drafting to implementation.

Handling maintenance requests for repairs and/or improvements, new equipment purchases and qualification, systems integration, machine
shop support on tight tolerances machining techniques, printing support, lean implementation, managing lab staffand QA process and
documentation, SPC and process capability studies and the required systers/equipment/process to improve quality and reduce costs.
Incoming mterial qualification and defect root cause analyses.

Review other engineer's data with advance statistical methods to support their projects.

Insure and review drawings for completeness and tolerances.

Provide reports and presentations (writing and verbal) to management.

Provide training and work as the contact point to all departments on joint projects.

Wrote the current SPC program and QC data collection and managerent program

Write reports for suppliers and customers on a number of specific product specification, qualifications, and defects.

Currently acting as the chemist designing new mnteria, FDA, EU, REACH and others regulatory items.

R&D work involving developrrent of theory buikding testing equipment and new materials, determining operating parameters (including the
use of DOE) and designing and implementing production equipment.

¢ A large part of time is spent working closely with contractors, suppliers, floor supervisors, and the necessary staff fromall departents.

Jan 2003 to Jan 2005
Company Name

© Impkmented a database package for the nuclear power plant historical design calculations.

* The new system met the Nuclear Regulatory Commission standards.

Performed programming for volume calculations and determined the volure of contaminated rooms via blue prints on the HELB project to
predict catastrophic nuclear event.

Performed an assessment that resulted in the rewriting of the administrative work instructions.

Developed a number of multi-disciplinary calculations and databases for various projects.

Senior Design - Central Minnesota Tool - 2004 to 2005.

The project was on a new precision design for plastic molding injection where the dimensions and shape were fixed.

Design of Experiments" (DOE) approach was used to solve the problem

Significant time was spent with the operators setting up and running a Van Dom ET 45 ton model.

Worked at Electrolux on process capabilities studies (base frame weldment and forming), in the robotics lab, and provided training for shift
supervisors in SPC through St Cloud State.

Paraprofessional - Independent Schoo! District 287 - 2001 to 2002.

Designed, developed, and implemented databases for tracking student's behaviors.

Managed the coordination of the students, staff, and transportation on a daily basis.

Assisted teaching in college evel courses in computers, automotive, and horticulture.

Manager and Bartender - Sharx Night Club and Sports Bar - 1997 to 1999.

Responsible for employees during high volume business hours.

Ensured proper stafling levels and quality of service alo bartended.

Responsible for daily financial transactions; including reconciliation of tills, managing cash on hand, and general ledger using Peachtree
Sethe

Walia eams RS RU o a sem rum bs DECORA BLE
© Designed, built, and managed the construction of Remissance Fairs, theaters, and large seasonal displays for malls.
