ENGINEERING MANAGER

Profile

Dedicated [job title] with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated by [number] years of experience. Results-driven
Mechanical Engineer with solid product engineering and QA experience.

Saal

Microsoft Office, Pro/ENGINEER, Pro/Mechanical, Solid Edge, AutoCAD, Microsoft Navision, Microsoft Project, Moldflow.
Accomplishments

Few LOC GLE

Customer Interface
Tam Olen eter
= Provided drafting and project set-up support to the communications staff, creating initial to final drawings for two light rail
engineering projects.
Ce Ca On ame akucsuCcOMa clr cieuc co manieel ee Mmmocnmaaratelnacw omer cntbreiee
¢ Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were compkted to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.

Professional Experience
October 2013 to Current
COO NaH LOE Cro uncanraVnnalnow

© Managed the manufacturing and engineering team.

CE rocdinsatiancen nt ROM yar cnonnetnemelindegucebare beard

Supported the sakes team during the project quotation process, by providing technical solutions to client request, lead times and cost
Csi cp Om ee hee

Supervised the creation of fixture submission packages for client approval.

Designed fixtures for manufacturing,

Phan and execute all manufacturing projects, including the preparation of BOM, procurement of material, preparation of production orders.
Liised with UL Inspector in ensuring that all lighting fixtures comply with Underwriters Laboratory Standards.

AO Rus eaaeanL oie ane new Of POs nono ae korcer BoireceireciiecBucm Onan etc ce

Created fixture sampk kits for sales representatives.

August 2005 to October 2013
Company Name City , State Senior Design Engineer

¢ Collaborate with Architect and Lighting Designer in providing cost effective and environmentally friendly Lighting Solutions for unique
Architectural Condition Prepared product concepts and submittal drawings from Lighting Specifications, Ceiling plans and details to support
Sales and Marketing as required to meet project timelines Designed Lighting fixtures that met company's quality and cost.

¢ Evaluated and redesigned existing products for lean manufacturing,

Prepared fabrication drawings for manufacturing and vending, including sheet metal design, optic design, material selection and Bils of
Material preparation,

¢ Supported Product Management in the preparation of Installation instructions and Specification Sheets Supported manufacturing staff during
the fabrication and assembly process Successfillly managed cross finctional project team in unching new product line Liaised with UL
Inspector in ensuring that all lighting fixtures comply with Underwriters Laboratory Standards,

September 2004 to August 2005
Company Name City , State CAD Designer

¢ Analyzed specifications from customer for initial elevator fixture design that will conform to all relevant ASME and Fire Safety Codes.
© Revised drawings based on customer corrections and updated information from fied surveys.

© Check fixture design for required components for full finctionality and compliance with ASME, ADA & Local Fire Codes.

¢ Prepared fabrication drawings for manufacturing and assembly.

© Prepared Bill of Material for production and special material list for vending,

December 2000 to September 2004
Company Name City , State Design Engineer

CEP setkolcelresitorp nae Bile ens Ome ecm ces noe

Designed lighting fixtures that can be easily manufactured at the lowest possible cost based on the interpretation of the given specifications
using CAD software.

Consulted with Lighting Specifiers in relation to the needs of Architects.

Spearheaded the development of new lighting fixtures for unique situations and lighting requirements.

Procured the required raw components/materials for these projects.

Prd ree ON eS Omi acemnnuntctratma cl tice

Liaised with the Manufacturing Department during the production process.

rely clocR coi ed ESTO em uno Mnecge ele aiice ia enrcekenanca resent tiaittm

Colktborated with graphics designer in the production of lighting fixture brochures/catalogs and order processing specification forms.
