PUBLIC RELATIONS DIRECTOR

Summary

Takented PR professional with 11 years' expertise developing and executing all aspects of public outreach campaigns to increase media exposure
PIES signe eee urate Bika Le SUR oe ECL an Ei cel PU LeU Enel LeL Sh
dissemination techniques and methods.A Deep understanding of media relations; accomplished track record of securing live television and on-site

ppeeee a Lom
irene

Se Se CCC LOL MMU attr Reel Cte

CM Vonoredranaces1lers ¢ Strategic messaging

Saibaba CMS roo a Cavey cory

© Integrated campaigns © EmiilmrketingA

Dae uceeutotaio ti PeSrscteorneneiten

Pay necct © Journalistic interviews
schivor anes

Public Relations Director , 01/2016 to Current Company Name i City , State
Assistant Director of Public Relations , 01/2010 to 01/2016 Company Name 1 City , State

Directed the college's media relations activities, including the production and disseminationA of press releases, media advisories, and public
service announcements, .

Enhanced relationships with media to realize increased cooperation and better press coverage.A.

Managed editorial content, design, and distribution of the college's official e-newskitters.A

Conducted media training for college spokesperson and other college personnel as needed. ,

Leveraged technical resources to design and create e-marketing campaign deliverables for the BRCC Foundation A

Transformed internal and external communication by implementing e-marketing strategies. .

Wrote and edited articles, web content, advertising copy, and publications for internal and extemal audiences.A

Proactively sought favorable press coverage opportunities.

Developed and managed the Institutional Advancement budget up to $350,000 for 2 consecutive years.A

Spearheaded the college's commencement exercises for more than 5 years.A A

Coordinated a variety of press conferences including articulation agreements, groundbreaking ceremonies, ribbon cuttings, and special
Biieet neces

Oren Borel a verckern eVucninialteeraneety ers ir chaAval eikenirct inet sw

Researched, negotiated, implemented, and tracked advertising and public relations activities.

Spearheaded and executed PR campaigns for campus events and activities, and greatly increased participation.

Protected the BRCC branded inmge by effectively managing all intemal and external communications materials; revised the outdated
FUT hema nin ecieece rest balmrteeReligen (ec Rael Rerebelce scm tcce

Media Specialist , 02/2006 to 01/2010 Company Name 14 City , State

Developed news releases, media kits and collateral material.

Built effective relationships with the media, including writing press releases and making phone calls to generate publicity.

Oversaw content production such as advertisements, social media, and online PR.

Edited and distributed press releases and pitches to local and national media outlets securing positive coverage.

Developed talking points for press conferences and other events.

Created content for the college's annual report A

Wrote articks for the web.

Gathered, edited, and wrote articles for the college printed newspaper " Good News, and wrote web articles .

Secured camed media placement in local publications such as The Advocate, The Business Report, and the Healthcare JoumalA
Worked in collaboration with ad agency to implement annual marketing campaigns.

erection om annenirnece.y

Served as photographer for all carpus events.A

Assisted in preparing the departrental budget. Initiated bid process for projects, prepared requisitions, and ensured vendor payment.

Coordinator for Institutional Advancement , 11/2004 to 02/2006 Company Name i City , State

Me Le cL ORL cece uit aan COLEUS Loi celta cecal) resources.A
IO ecet Meio CeMMN Ea ZR e ce et mina nUc ari edecimrnede) PCC ie. woe ett ecwe

Assisted with arranging special events on campus. 7

Conducted focus groups with students, faculty, and staff to access effectiveness of the public relations teamA

Coordinated Foundation board meetings (data compilation, agenda preparation, parking arrangements, invitations/catering, etc).
Wrote and edited press releases and public service announcements to promote campus events.

Served on various campus committees (annual fimdraising event, commencement, student recognition, etc.).
