ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF POLAR EXPEDITIONS

Summary

To acquire an executive assistant position with a dynamic company. My detailed project munagerent, writing, creative and communication
experience will allow mv to take a leadership role in managing muttipke responsibilities.

Highlights

Strong digtaV/film photography, photo editing and print design skills *Great presentation skills creating visually appealing and concise
presentations, proposals and brochures *PC/Mac literate: Word, Excel, Outlook, PhotoShop, InDesign, PowerPoint, MapPoint, Leo Software
schivor anes

Te eee 8|

Assistant Director of Polar Expeditions Company Name 1 City , State

* Expedition sakes and procurement: Sold polar adventure expeditions to global clientele and maintained client and vendor relationships.
© Communicated to clients the details of expeditions (cost, payments, what to expect, requirements & forms).
© Developed and contributed to the success of the largest South Pole season in the company's history.

CAN oveisletBicreuesuiccenoriPeRue cn ndiciag ia atruettatce

© Managed and created project/expedition timelines.

PEO elekanllcckosetinntnecelamunecin es

© Produced commission income and built industry-related partnerships.

© Created handbooks, expedition summries, expedition blogs (wrote successful Greenland Crossing blog).

© Digital photography and video.

© Tracked client payments, invoicing, commissions, etc.

CMe biecsetrepra wereld

03/2007 to 01/2012
Designer Company Name 1'/ City , State

* Asan Independent Contractor I Produced direct marketing materials (brochures & catalogs) and established company branding,
¢ Responsibilities included.

© Extensive photo editing and digital photography.

* Created yout, writing and design of successful direct marketing materials.

ORIOL ede)
Executive Assistant/Loan Closer Company Name 1% City , State

© Worked closely with Executive VP/Principal, Assistant VP, CFO, developrrent, analyst, property management, prestigious investors and
third party clients ina deadline-driven setting to ensure successful financing of commercial investrents.
Managed highly confidential information, executive calendar and supervised project timelines.
Photographed commercial properties for use in proposals and finance/investor packages.

Created finance/investor packages that successfillly gained lender financing and investor support.
Managed due diligence involving lenders, third party inspectors, appraisers and attomeys.

Adninistered multiple loan closings in cooperation with investors, attomeys, lenders and titk companies.
Developed mortgage section of database software in conjunction with LeoSoftware.

Drafted agreements and managed details of confidential paperwork simultaneously on multiple deals.
Oversaw deal calendar and coordinated all projects from conception to close.

Maintained extensive closing book library.

Entertained clients at events and managed event planning/organization including invitation designs.

AY AlesyuaeRe ester icacki Ub ge lite be hA0 Or

LT PLUT OR RHPA be)
Public Relations Associate Company Name 1% City , State

Managed event/meeting logistics and travel nationally and internationally.

Organized confidential meetings with hight profile political clients.

Conducted talent management and media for grand openings across the U.S.

Client research and significant participant in strategy sessions.

Asranged media meet and greet opportunities for executive and political clients.

Media outreach: Contacted and placed T.V., radio and print media at prestigious events.

Drafied media releases, proofed/edited proposals and associated written materials.

Created format/compiled data for confidential survey distributed by the Illinois Department of Public Health,

TEER Ont PAU
Tage Coordinator Company Name i City , State

© Managed images (film & digital) for business-to-business catalogs, fliers and newspaper ads.
* Assisted direction of photo shoots.
¢ Retouched low-res inmges and communicated retouching guidelines to in-house staffand print vendors.
