VP MARKETING & COMMUNICATIONS
Summary

Marketing manager and writer offering a comprehensive background in the development and execution of strategic marketing communication plans
across all platforms to drive customer acquisition and retention.

Highlights
Pears oirusaelicice Ma mea coe mite ssuar cn
¢ Brand development © Copywriting
© Multi-media marketing © Direct mail campaigns
* CRM moagenent ¢ Interactive marketing
Accomplishments

Increased sakes up to 80% year over year for 118-store retail chain through ermil marketing campaigns.

reread Bs) Re Soom eon nemen earls emiaberalgeneena le ice

Exceeded customer retention an average of 0.66% with retum on investrrent of 11.6%.

JM dowslee Bees Aine oa keane cm Urn Ne Ralnantas il acco nA UM UE nnarctns ac nben yaa cm
TSE PCI Hoag oticth ees onal Quin elt eicw cea etm

National Award of Merit 4€ United States Department of Transportation, U.S. Coast Guard.

Trademarks for branding from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

berated

VP Marketing & Commumications

Oo rom BR @o i tala ALOI AEST)

Scan one con Ome Ee ag ienautanl sues icant dl neem ent neo tiea rekeerty||
business community,

© Manage all marketing and communication programs.

CRON ted ts pecce olen okoentne mente cam

¢ Create content and ermil marketing, press releases, and social media posts.

Research Advocate
March 2012 Company Name ¥% City , State

© Review grants proposals for cancer research providing perspective and recommendations.
* Present critiques to panel of rescarch scientists at Peer Review meetings in Washington, DC.

Account Executive
June 2013 to November 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Email and Social Media Marketing Management - Researched markets and worked with kad vendors, then executed, tested and analyzed
targeted marketing campaigns using a variety of ermal service platforms for programs that resulted in increased sales up to 80% year over
year for 118-store retail chain.

RA Ca cond les ole cits ad Ole E LCR ean ecics ry oe oes] EOS Pee Cae ORE NSIT EVER cRo caren owe rete caliated

OEE aha som oomcon spre O RUC Loman eele bo earn sensi) os Cerna vaca an Tce ely

of multiple accounts in various industries by executing campaigns and analyzing results.

Project Management a€“ Develop project scheduks, calendars, budgets and timelines and execute new product launches and marketing

campaigns while managing internal staffand external vendors for on-time high quality deliverables. Analyze results and adjust to optimize

Rha necce

Event Management d€“ Develop and execute event plans and work on site at dozens of client grand openings and press events that include

hundreds of people and top government officials.

Internship Program Manager &€ Recruit and manage college interns and company intemship program

Sr. Marketing Project Manager
October 1988 to February 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

* Customer Retention Manager a€ Exceeded corporate customer retention goal by launching multi-channel retention programs geared
Oe eRe Snags coe Rel SO remoguinan OMAN Ze Usb eNiCH TC Relics BHVenuacourenicmace celia

¢ Company Magazine Creator and Manager 4€“ Developed, launched, and managed cross finctional teams to produce the customer
magazin, é€c:MetLife, Your Life,a€ to increase customer retention and referrals, encourage product cross sales, and promote safety to
osha sin ccm Mod rete as ec kea mcm Ne Ron Ore ORalea cms arecmUl Non kananareky errant)
