PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
Summary
[Job Title] bringing expertise in listed equity and index options as well as extensive experience with regulatory inquiries and examinations, retail and
professional trading practices and back-office fimetions.

Diligent and driven [Job Title] who has achieved success in a variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. An effective communicator and
teant builder with strong analytical, management and organizational skills.

[Job Title] equipped with the excellent negotiation skills, market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed
companies to financial success.

Business Development Manager versed in building strategic partnerships through persuasion, negotiation and personal presence.

Business development professional successfill at acquiring, expanding and managing key corporate accounts.

[Job Title] who consistently exceeds company objectives to secure client satisfaction and loyalty.

BS ania}
© Energetic work attitude : een oe
CE Cron cee oncec , ate ene
° Bae es d * Excellent communication skills
Be co GURL LS cers pane
Cae Gosiniacestnl ece(ag ae een rete s
© Excelicnt sales techniques ae eer eran!
PSL UO adosscn ca renee
© Cold calling , ET
A A Strate; Lite)
¢ Prospecting and cok callng - aii ae tne
© Strategic account development caren Tee °
¢ Strong interpersonal skills on resolution
: ease sa © Strong organizational skills
cll Cer rca stants alls
Accomplishments
Increased revenue 312% n2011 «
Increased revenue 136 % in 2012.

Awarded 4€oz Emergent Talent Program 4€ for showing extraordinary leadership skills.
OCMC

* Eamed highest marks for customer satisfaction, company-wide.
Workflow Planning:

* Impkmented new work process flow which increased department productivity.
Process Improvenent

© Created new departmental procedures manual.
OP Coecccene yesiialhomietnhinea Leste

Launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base from [Number] to [Number] custorrers.
schivor anes

Company Name Septerrber 2015 to May 2016 Public Relations Manager

lena El CG

© Organized the company into a formal structure, defined roles and responsbilities for each position, planned the growth of the company in the
coming years, and introduced the concept of Leassy as an extended enterprise.

« Analyzed data to define characteristics of potential customers and fiture strategic allies to ensure the efléctiveness of the marketing

campaigns and corporate approach,

Worked closely with the founders to identify geographical areas to lunch, testing different cities and controlled markets.

Assisted to several events and coordinated meetings with investors and clubs' representatives to pitch and promote the idea, gaining
recognition from potential users and prospective investors.

Company Name August 2013 to April 2015 Special Projects Manager
lena El CG

Worked with the services manager to design and implement a project to increase acquisition of specialized took, and technical training to
Feaetimenilihel slice

© Three months post implementation customers comphints related to general repairs and time of response were reduced by 50%,

© Synchronized the different teas of the company to work towards shared goals with General Motors Venezolana, classifying the car
dealership as one of the top tier in Venezuela and becoming a member of the exclusive "Club del Presidente de GM”.

Worked as communications linison between the company's individual contributors and senior keadership.

© Utilized voice of the workforce to boost engagement and satisfaction levels amongst the employees.
