SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER

Professional Summary
als
ae asi aii
* Administrative support | Meetings
° nee ; , © Office
© Business operations on
+ Cis * Negotiating
COT enumraaned ee
© Senior management ae ie
* Fashion , ae a
" aaa PES ircay so)
© Logstics metres
Work History
SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER , 03/2015 to 11/2020
lena El CG

© Dynamic professional with experience enhancing executive productivity and improving business operations.

© Results-driven and operates well with minimal supervision to meet demanding objectives.

PEN oo cnr Arie lM Looe eS othe eee eats ecicene is Dinil@slas Maisie uel eotnercrcoR Wyllie
effectively utilized with the opportunity for advancement.

© Managed daily business operations for the QVC account including allocations, ventory, purchase orders, sales reporting, analysis, QVC
digital business, and on-air show production.

PUBLIC RELATIONS COORDINATOR , 09/2012 to 03/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Identified and implemented the company's PR, marketing and special event activities at store-level by collaborating with management and
vendors to maximize event strategies.

* Created detailed run-of-show for seamless flow of events and executed all logistics.

© Actively managed the PR budget and cut cost by negotiating pricing with vendors whik maintaining relationships.

MARKETING ASSISTANT , 07/2006 to 08/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Planned and executed all store-level events including fashion productions, sales promotions, charity partnerships, and new customer
acquisition.

© Liaised between all impacted departments and vendors to ensure proper communications and reporting practices for a successfil event
[oye reer em

EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT

© Provided highly diverse administrative support to the CEO and executive team by managing travel, itineraries, expenses, meetings and
ieeap ce cucn

© Managed office buildings by oversecing two receptionists, liaising with the facilities lead and IT team to maintain all areas and facilitated an
office expansion project.

© Planned and executed all office-wide meetings and events., Provided hands-on executive support to senior management by managing day-
to-day administrative responsibilities and handling escalated customer service issues.

* Facilitated a customer outreach program initiated to capture clients from store closures by creating a distinctive and memorabke service
experience, which resulted in 60+ new clients and over S$85k in sales,

SPECIAL EVENTS COORDINATOR

POU socioopunincocunmibecicckacicp cel belmeid thulowatelt sms banl amie
© Conducted post-event analyses to identify key earings, establish best practices, and determine ROI.

Education

Bachelor of Arts : Busmess Administration , 05/2011
California State University - City

Work History

SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER , 03/2015 to 11/2020
lena El CG

¢ Dynamic professional with experience enhancing executive productivity and improving business operations.
© Results-driven and operates well with minimal supervision to meet demanding objectives.
