PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER

Summary

Tama seasoned professional with 30 years of experience in communications, public relations, event plaming and media relations. I have extensive
knowledge of marketing campaigns, sales, messaging, and disserrination techniques and methods. I aman award-winning writer and editor with
multimedia production experience who communicates effectively with target audiences through strategic brand management and PR campaigns.
Core Competencies Project management Sound judgment Deadline-driven Marketing and sales specialist Exceptional writer Proficient web
mmunagement and CMS applications Decisive problem solver Team player with transportation experience

schivor anes

Public Relations Manager , 06/1998 to 10/2012 Company Name ¥% City , State

Lead conmumications professional for nation’s fifth largest truckload carrier, with 10,000 employees and $1.5B revenue.
Researched, planned, implemented and tracked public relations, communications and marketing activities.

Expanded company recognition in the national press in support various departments, including sales and marketing,
Cultivated positive relationships with the community and area media outlets through public relations initiatives.

Organized executive public appearances, lectures and exhibits to increase awareness of U.S.

Xpress as a keader in the transportation industry and as a leading business in Chattanooga.

Planned and organized corporate media and other special events.

Managed all media, press and public relations issues.

Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including company’s crisis communications plan.
Coached client representatives on effective communication with the public and employees.

Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.

Acted as communications laison for internal tears at the company.

Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters, magazines and promotional calendars.

PRG Osa on eo OoloneMuipamerren comand Cemnccenre boketetbedltat tem
corporate communications materiak.

Managed the editorial content, design and distribution of the company e-bhsts and video magazines.

¢ Estimated project costs and monitored budgets.

Contributed to relevant blogs, conferences and events both offAline and online to increase brand awareness and Ied initiatives on company
Facebook page.

Planned and negotiated media buys, including TV, radio, print and digital.

Designed and created marketing collateral for sales meetings, trade shows and company executives.

Managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.

Managed the inAhouse advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.

Established production schedules and communicated project status to stakeholders.

Presented on current promotions to the public at events and tradeshows.

Sports/Feature Writer & Project Development Specialist , 11/1985 to 06/1998 Company Nanx i’ City , State

Eamed PRSA Lookout Chapter award for Best Overall Public Relations Campaign in 2001.

Sports & Feature Writer

Offered daily coverage of sports and special events for the Chattanooga Free Press, the city's largest newspaper at time of my tenure.
Provided coverage of the following major events: Both 1991 and 1992 World Series, the 1991 NCAA football national championship
victory by Georgia Tech in the Citrus Bowl, the 1992 college basketball Final Four and the 1993 Presidential Inauguration.

Interviewed the following nyjor sports figures: Arthur Ashe, Joe Nanuth, Terry Bradshaw, Bobby Or, Chris Evert, John McEnroe, Boris
Becker and Bob Costas.

Recognized by the Tennessee Sports Writer's Association as one of the state's best writers covering high school sports, winning awards in
1988, 1992 and 1995.

Coordinated production of 48-page souvenir programs for Southem Temnis Association Championships in 1991 and 1992.

Project Development Specialist

Responsible for taking a prototype interactive phone service and customizing the computer program to fit the audio.

information and marketing needs of the Chattanooga Free Press and Chattanooga Tings.

Designer and developer of the Infoline phone service, which received an average of 50,000 calls per week during my tenure.

Infoline, featuring audio updates on the latest news, sports and lottery results, entertainment updates, daily horoscopes and a host of other
information choices, became a vital new resource for Chattanoogans, who made more than six million calls to the service in its first three-

RNs

* Coordinating producer for all mAhouse recording on Infoline.
PEM toxics a ructinero omnes sola cro a Peed ataranlaeS nol Cm clem OmuamLUR among a bccn ions Camco

from short commercials to major presentations on health and legal issues; liaison to editorial stafls of Free Press and Times in designing
public opinion polls and other special features.

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Science : Mass Communications Speech , 1 1984 St. Cloud State University 14 City, State , United States GPA: GPA: 3.07 GPA:
3.2 Mass Communications Speech GPA: 3.07 GPA: 3.2
