MARKET ANALYST PROMOTED TO ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF BRAND STRATEGY

Professional Summary

Dear Cristina and team, The second I found out about this position, my I found myself extremely excited. I knew right away this is something I
have to be a part of, and something I'd deeply regret if didn't try. I'm looking to really start my career and be involved with something I can grow
into and invest myselfin long term. I see that in the Customer Marketing Coordinator position, and couldn't be more excited for this opportunity.
Before Zendesk, I was at a marketing company supporting the entire staff with demographic research for target market campaigns. I enjoyed the
marketing aspect and always thought I'd find myselfback in it somehow. Now, I consider myself lucky to be a part of this amazing company, I've
put my best effort into everything given to me and I know Zendesk is the only place I want to be. I amresponsible for coordinating every interview
within the San Francisco office, greeting all candidates onsite, and maintaining an organized status database. As well as my main responsbilities,
Tve also managed our office expansion and filled in for administrative duties when needed. I had the pleasure of assisting in planning our Holiday
Party as wellas other team activities. What I love most about Recruiting is how much personable interaction there is ona daily basis with different
backgrounds and different personalities. I've had the privilege of being trained to always have a poised and appropriate response to every situation,
and guidelines for the utmost professionalism with every phone screen, reference call, ermil, or in-person interview. I recently had the opportunity
to visit college campuses to promote Zendesk. I realized then how much I enjoy educating others and making them too, believe in what we do.
Now that I've found the perfect company, I'mready for the perfect position that combines everything I love and excel in; planning, coordinating
and evangelizing. With my history in Marketing and my current rok, I'm used to supporting an entire team and an entire company. I can manage
multiple projects at once, I'm highly dependable and extremely detailed. Zendesk has made me a more passionate professional and I would love
the opportunity to promote our vision for customer love. Best regards, Zendesk is looking for a Recruiting Program Associate who is ready to
wear multiple hats within Recruiting, The ideal Associate will be skilled in areas of project management, event planning, vendor and university
relations, budgeting, and training, This person will be the “glue” for the Recruiting’s day-to-day operations. S/he will operate cross-fimetionally
across our global organization and with external vendors in order to ensure that we are hitting our hiring goals, all whik keeping an eye on cost per
hire, and of course, candidate experience. Responsibilities: *Partner with the Recruiting Manager on efforts to drive talent acquisition results ina
period of high growth *Serve as the point of contact on headcount matters *Maintain relationships with external vendors and agencies *Promote
and manage employee referral program *Demonstrate subject matter expertise when it comes to our ATS and LinkedIn *Work with Human
Resources to manage immigration needs for new hires and existing staff *Coordinate job board postings “Manage and maintain ATS - run reports,
organize job descriptions, add/delete employee access, etc *Assist Recruiting Manager with tracking the department budget and ROI *Plan and
organize recruiting events such as college fairs, hackathons and meet-ups *Assist with reference calls, as needed *Manage new hire background
check process *Collaborate with Human Resources to ensure seamless candidate on- boarding “Educate new hires and hiring managers about our
Zendesk recruiting process *Create ad-hoc reports and presentations, as needed Required: *2+ years experience ina Hurmn Resources,
Recruiting or Administrative role *1-2 years experience working with an ATS, Jobvite preferred *Basic understanding of the recruiting world - the
tools, processes and data that drive talent acquisition *Passion for driving a best-in-class candidate experience *Ability to maintain confidentiality
*Demonstrated success at developing relationships with stakehoklers across the organization *Exceptional "can-do" and service-oriented attitude
*Strong written and verbal communication skills *Track record of successfilly being able to manage multiple projects, with multiple deadlines, for
multiple owners *High attention to detail and organizational skills *Demonstrated integrity, maturity, professionalism, and sensitivity *Comfortable
with ambiguity *Bachelor’s degree or related experience To be clear, Jamie is responsible for: Being the point of contact on headcount mutters
(meaning, if you have a question as to whether a HM has a seat to open, or the timing of filling that seat according to Finance, please check with
RET ewe)

Core Qualifications

Pitney Bowes MapInfo including TargetPro and MapMarker - Predcitive Analytics Software, Geoscape - Market Intelligence Software, Nielsen
PrineLocation --- Market Structure and Segmentation Software, Microsoft Office/Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Cision Media Services,

A oleclera\ ean ol huey senses a

schivor anes

10/2011 to Current

Company Name i City , State

© Maintain our relationships with external agencies (if we need to approve a new agency contract, or if'an agency isn't playing by the rules,
seek Jamie's help.

© Jamie will work with Legal to get new contracts approved.) Manage and maintain Jobvite (recruiters are still responsible for drafting and
Cera ccm tee RCI Mee MOR em eRcoreGiim och ORD cm em sec §

© Jamie will insure the integrity of our data in the ATS, will follow-up with recruiters should candidates be hanging without a disposition, and
will assist me with pulling reports for various metrics.

© Jamic is also responsible for adding/deleting employees for Jobvite access.) Promote and manage our employee referral program (any
questions about whether or not an employee should be getting "credit", questions about the program or timing of payment, etc, should be
Soe ORlet es

* Ako, Jamie will be monitoring referral closely so please do stick to our SLA of getting back to referrals within 2 business days of them
eaeecroeni ices Oymeelic cert oem

© Jamie is now responsible for pointing out "stale" referrals that haven't been contacted by the recruiters.) Monitor our job board postings

(recruiters are still responsible for postings, but Jamie will monitor to insure that all our LI job slots are full, aren't stale, etc.

Pkase see Jamie if you have a new posting/ad that you'd like to place.

Collaborate with HR to ensure seamless candidate on-boarding (This means that Jamie will be in touch with you should HR informus that

there are issues with a background check clearing.

¢ She will also monitor the reference calls process to ensure that calls are being made and are documented within Jobvite.) In addition the
above, Jamie will also continue to assist me with presentations, event planning, tracking our budget, and educating new hires about our
Free iriihnog sl enero
