INDEPENDENT PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Executive Profile

Accomplished professional with demonstrated ability to deliver strategic internal and external communications. Experienced in hospitality industry.
Highly-skilled in event creation, oversight and management, as well as all aspects of media relations.

Skill Highlights

Event managerrent International Relations

Project management Market research and analysis

eure Res cele Olona mee alice

Deadline-driven MS Office, Social Media pltfonvs, basic HTML through
Pcie

© Exceptional leadership/communication skills Creative
pitching
© Promotional campaigns Experienced spokesperson
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
Public Relations and Event Managerrent: Initiated re-branding and imaging campaign which resulted in 10%-20% increased visitation per year.
Created and managed private and public events for parties, corporate break-outs, weddings, fumnily days and visiting VIP's.
Tnitiated a public relations capital campaign for a non-profit ona tight budget, raising over $20 million in pledges and support.

Gamered first national and intemational coverage for 40+ year old institution, and maintained visibility with more than 40 features and spotlight
listings each year.

Spearheaded new social media programs which increased program sakes 25% within the first year.

Collaborated with local organizations to increase exposure for Palm Beach County to key travel and tour groups Represented clients on Culture
Key initiative to drive tourism post-9/11 resulting in 10% increased visitation and hotel stays Colborated on behalf of clients on tourism initiatives
through the Palm Beach County CVB resulting in record-breaking stays and visitation for three fiscal years.

Coordinated major press events for Jet Aviation terminal opening and Keys to the City with less than three weeks' notice, resulting in more than 20
features and national exposure.

Researched story ideas and created national pitch, resulting in international coverage in more than 15 countries.

Professional Experience

Company Name January 2009 to Current Independent Public Relations Consultant

lena El CG

Provide full public relations services for nearly 20 for and non-for-profit businesses and organizations through the quad-county area.
Services include: Identifying customer needs through market research and analysis.

Defining project and company vision, strategies and tactics.

Research and tracking advertising and public relations activities.

Evaluating and managing new strategic business opportunities.

Expanding product and company recognition in the national and local press to support the sales and marketing tearrs.

Creating and managing special events to draw customers and media attention.

Establishing and maintaining cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer, employee and public interest groups.
Organizing public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to merease product awareness.

Designing web and other content, including monthly newsketters and promotional calendars.

Developing and implemented 5-10 public relations business plans each year.

Working with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.

Establishing long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies to help achieve them

Cultivating positive relationships with the community through public relations campaigns.

Ccrenin UN COM RC MA a TMUNUDeOH ene Unl Peni CeCe CnTUCS Hk neccicn he Rccannn eR velliticcs
investments.
