PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER
Executive Summary
Highly talented professional with more than ten years in accounting and supply operations acquired in the United States Navy, United States Amy,
and corporate environments. Practiced in sophisticated inventorymanagerrentprograns. Trilingual - English, Wafi and Igbo - Global understanding
of world politics.
Core Qualifications

Pam Ovarliorpisiscasnasd

CMInviguats eens © Compenrsation/benefits administration
© Inventory contro! © Policy/program development
Pminviguads ened © Cross-finctional team management
CeO rtncemnisrncci uns ¢ Stafftraining
© Compensationbenefits administration © Staff training
* Policy/program development

Professional Experience

01/2013 to 01/2015

Company Name

Mentored, taught, trained and advised the Afghanistan National Police, National Interdiction Unit (NIU) Logistics personnel with all aspects

of developing organized and effective logistics management systems in accordance with the MOT's Logistics Policy.

© The NIU is the Ministry of Interior's strike force for illicit narcotics trafficking.

© Advised and coordinated logistics support for the entire Sensitive Investigative Unit (SIU) and National Interdiction Unit (NIU) Regional
OBO eculeGalaewoncren@euuasticnly celeb iB Quectamsl a] aul sectees Theme: L108

© The PAE Warehouse in Kabul, Afghanistan is responsibk: for the implementation of Logistics matters in accordance with the company's

Statements of Work (SOW).

Additionally, it is also responsible for the development of property accountability, issue, receipt, and recovery of property issued to the

Afghanistan Logistics Officers and Property Custodians.

Trained, and Advised the Progran’s Warehouse, Sustainment, Property Book, Logistics Plans, Operations and Contract personnel on

Puce ee ane etnealcemenee oie allem cCL OIC

Coordinated logistics sustainment and emergency resupply missions for 530 Afghanistan Countemarcotic elite police force in2 Regional

Law Enforcement centers located in Kunduz and Herat.

Coordinates with quality assurance personnel to ensure that the goods meet an acceptable standard and generates positive feedback from

fora

* Hands on working experience in requirement gathering, reporting, documentation, process mapping, scheduling, planning, and data analysis.

01/2006 to 01/2011
Company Name

LogisticsSupervisorin support of Global War On Terrorism (GWOT)ensuring the acquisitions, shipping and receiving materials for vital
missions in Afghanistan, Affica and Iraq with expertise in Bookkeeping, Accounting, Inventoryand Managerent for the United States Navy.
Contracting Officer for the FederalGovernment with purchase up to $500,000 Reviewed and processed all financial transactions ona tincly
basis, ensuring accuracy, completeness and compliance with all policies, procedures and regulatory requirements.

Supervised and organizedadministrative fictions with respect to inspecting, locating, storing, safe keeping, issuing, preparing, shipping,
rotating, materials return and disposal of supplies and equipment as related to ground supply operations.

Resource Advisor for the Department of Defense. Managed and tracked over S3million allocated to the Navy Seabees.

Procured construction materials and support equipment for the Combined Joint Task Force Hom of Affica to sustain and complete vital
projects in different parts of African continent.

Developed logistical spreadsheet to track materials for Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force Afghanistan in support of Vilage
Stabilzation Operations.

¢ Streamlined efficiency of supply system resulting in S2M reduction in material and equipment for resale utilization by Defense Reutilization
and Marketing Office.

Facilitated movement of US personnel convoy, construction materials, office supplies and support equipment to other forward operating
kas

01/1996 to 01/2006
Public Relations Officer Company Name

© Utilzed languageand knowledge of local culturein leading team of medical Professionals in training Nigerian villagers in health and prevention
techniques as Humanitarian effort Employed contlict resolution techniques to assuage resistance and diffuse crisis situations Amongst
oo ea eMC MPRA RT CeO EO CoC RV Ais nee) ote Les aCe CR NLIPA ELA eteloe Peco

© Brokered vendoring arrangement to procure updated tools and materials to complete construction projects awaiting supplies from United
States.

¢ Reduced project dowrtine fromsix months to one month, enabled continuous workflow and provided win-win diplonutic relationship
aoc PAU MELe CTT Snae MOlncesiraiccn

Education
