PUBLIC RELATIONS & DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE
Summary
Strong software skills including MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Banner, VisiFlow, XtenderSolutions, Cisco Agent Desktop, Cisco
Supervisor Desktop and Adobe Acrobat. Proficient with mainstream social networking sites.

Highlights
Ci teliinestnemeCaesenaea CM srurtonieamearwenicineciiec)
© Team buiking & management © Client relations specialist
© Dedicated to process improvement * Excellent communication skills

© Invoice processing Filing and data archiving
© Managenent ofremote employees  « ~Computer-sawyA

schivor anes
06/2012 - 112015
Company Name i/ City , State Public Relations & Developrrent Associate

© Managed the day-to-day operations of the Public Relations and Development Office.

© Facilitated the planning and execution of annual fimdraisers, including creating invitations, tracking replies, preparing and tracking invoices,
Cloves Teac PU NCB UOM Lee scree leeeliCMmeuiCA Ore Leper caecrnnceine Bircillnea ia gee (aie

Processing donations for the Health Fund and Medical Center, Nursing Home, Medical Center, and Dr.

Nichokss DeRobertis Foundation,

Contributed information regarding events and accolades to the Medical Center's employee newsketter.

Fon cem ea icsuieanraeccureaihepoceneeteesletis oes] cm

Monitored the Medical Centers Facebook pages reviews, submitting positive reviews for the employee newsletter and reporting negative
Ra aC RIM cod atc orm om Tul Lom ran at

Managed the physician referral line.

* Performed other duties as requested by the Vice President of Human Resources/Public Relations and Development.

06/2010 - 052011
Ce ANP LORI HRS ce aig

¢ Provided administrative support including answering calls and filing client paperwork.

Contacted clients in arrears to prevent suspension or cancelation of policies.

Reviewed renewals against previous year's policies and created insurance summary bookkts for VIP clients.
Contacted policyholders to obtain missing information.

Seiiicdoole eke minccmiibiclicnedeslice@binrcmacuen sclcteieets Ce alterel ate

* Provide customer service, such as giving limited instructions on how to proceed with chins.

Cr /PAU SE ULCr #0) 3
Company Name 14 City , State Admissions Processing Manager

Interviewed, hired, trained, and managed employees of the Admissions Processing Center.

© Maintained and administered the admission policies and procedures for all undergraduate and graduate programs.

Recommended and maintained the policies and procedures conceming all aspects of the college's computer systems as they related to
BCom

Assisted in writing and editing admission correspondences to applicants and students regarding their admissions record and standing,
Coordinated with an outside agency to nnil correspondences to applicants and students.

Managed the Cisco Phone queue for the Admissions Processing Center.

Managed the testing of system updates as they related to admissions.

Accountable for the accurate and timely processing of admission records and matriculation status.

01/2002 - 06/2004
(Oo INANE t LOUVAIN FICr Ate cele greece cna Biceeg

© Created and maintained VisiFLOW accounts for all college employees.
© Trained new employees and managed weekly work schedule.

CNP cosiCet Ried seh alec te tesie can mue late

CEN coscethiclitnemil «orm ecoreibinalecarectealteteen(n

© Quality assured work performed by the staffand student workers.

© Developed and distributed a manual ofadiission processing policies and procedures for the Admissions Processing Center.
© Continued to perform the duties of the Senior Admission Processing Clerk as needed.

PLU PAU ty
COO NAN ben AAO MISHRA PACS Oty react OL aed

© Trained new employees and student workers.
CP ACOO CIE rientm Riana neha E Ke
