PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Summary

Experienced public relations, sales and marketing professional with expertise in the technology, financial, consumer and healthcare industries.

renee
a * Multi Task Abilties
iS Lah a Proven Sales Success
¢ Direct marketing campaigns | Sa ee cere)
© Public relations expert Pan en eee en
ONE Cae CM Cores ik@iirensnikenncrs
Experience
We be Nabe ce@ecuintg

June 2005 to January 2016 Company Name - City , State

© Managed PR programs for AccordSQA and GatherWorks.
© Secured inclusion of SmartScript and SnurteLoad in Dr.Dobbs and SD Times.

Inside Sales Representative
March 2008 to June 2008 Company Name - City , State

© Identified and called decision makers within targeted verticals, while educating prospects about key features and benefits of software;
secured four qualified leads in first two weeks in position.

Direct Sales Representative
December 2007 to January 2008 Company Name - City , State

© Sok more than $8,800 in products in one month to more than 100 new accounts, while developing positive rapport and relationships with
more than 800 new accounts in three territories.

© Confirmed two participants to a monthly Web training seminar.

© Developed campaign ideas for marketing, including initiative for promoting seminars; new sales support literature; and new product
bail ecm

© Provided key feedback for streamlining processes for sales operations and efficiencies; mailings; and updating client contact information.

© Solicited key feedback from clients of interest to marketing, sales, business development.

Account Manager
January 2004 to May 2005 Company Nam - City , State

* Lead PR strategy, client relations, and PR activities for AccuRev and Bowstreet.

© Identified and pursued new business for the agency.

© Increased AccuRev's budget by 150% and expanded Bowstreet's PR program to include a separate Partner PR component.

* Launched Bowstreet into a new vertical market, the travel and hospitality industry, positioning its new product, Syndication Factory, in the
Parle ms

© Secured key coverage for project work with deNovis' $22 million financing in the Wall Street Journal and VentureWire; and WiFiMed's
move to Massachusetts, with front page technology business coverage in the Boston Business Journal

Marketing Communications Consultant
Noverber 2003 to December 2003 Company Nam - City , State

© Directed public relations and marketing projects for global provider of economic research and consulting services.
© Leveraged industry news to secure inclusion ina Washington Post story for Global Insight's top energy economist.

Program Manager
January 2000 to January 2003 Company Nam - City , State

Managed communications programs for established and emerging companies at senior-level, boutique PR fim

Broadened and deepened relationships with local and national media and analyst commumities.

Wrote press releases, bylined articles, briefing documents.

Determined messaging for positioning and repositioning clients.

Redesigned website for ATV and created new presskit and marketing materials to complement updated imnge.

Conducted national, consurer book launch for CenterWatch under 3-month deadline.

Secured roks for ATV general partners at MIT Enterprise Forum, VentureOne, Toronto Venture Fair, IT Financing Forum.
Oliveri na rcp Le hela onnGely late nPCe ees lislieaMML Eset e eM mor Lede
Secured cover story about CEO of Acurian in top industry trade, Phanm Voice.

FXcust a oxoaniite
