PROPERTY MANAGEMENT ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Dedicated Public Relations Specialist with vast experience mamging external public relations and media agencies. Skillfilly manages multiple tasks
and meets tight deadlines in high-pressure environments.

als
CRB siieral beP OnurSiesree ms oct MM Our LecL Eun ained
© Computer skills Cae Olersctumaedeen et
CREO eiem \yetiies Cie alageree cy
* Strategy development * Informtion gathering
© Social media coordination © Strategic Planning
Cee (ectBraseeyics © Social media marketing
Work History

Property Management Assistant , 01/2018 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Introduced prospective tenants to types of units available and performed tours of premises.

Communicated with clients and tenants while offering strategic solutions to remedy problerrs.

Communicated effectively with owners, residents and orrsite associates.

Generated professional networks by engaging in professional, industry and government organizations.

© Conducted thorough research using diverse resources to assist professional staff with routine and special project tasks.

Public Relations Coordinator , 08/2017 to 06/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Identifying clients' needs through market research and analysis and developing forward-thinking strategies.
Analyzing clients' objectives and interests in order to create meaningfil relations with media and public personas to utilize for campaigns and
projects.

Creating proposals for various activations and events.

Developing and cultivating ambassadors for campaigns.

Researching and organizing event elements, including venues, guest speakers, influencers, etc.

Executing and monitoring performance of campaigns to boost brand awareness and profitability.

Analyzing the results of campaigns and reporting observations to the client through our post-event reports.
PDieNitneetne Rel cients ece Lace ete CCM cel Tm ny eM ce cieckesebatancMrireme sil et edt ees] cM
Liaising with journalists to pitch and secure the necessary media coverage.

Monitoring media coverage

Maintaining an up-to-date media list

(Or ieee em necmlneRcee Recess solu ne ccs

Faculty LiaisonTextbook Supervisor , 04/2015 to 06/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Strengthened merchandising and promotional strategies to drive customer engagement and boost sales.

Developed strategies to study trends in customer behavior, so as to anticipate future opportunities for growth.

Responded to requests for information from media or designated appropriate spokesperson or information source.

Drafted press releases detailing relevant newsworthy information and supporting brand image, and worked with news media to spread
Fires Lelice

Oversaw professional social media messaging through content development, follower engagerrent, social listening, trend analysis and by
leveraging competitor research.

Increased revenues and supported business goals by developing public relations strategies and campaigns.

Actively listened to customers’ requests, confirming full understanding before addressing concems.

Led projects and analyzed data to identify opportunities for improvement.

Resolved problems, improved operations and provided exceptional service.

Stockroom Supervisor , 09/2013 to 01/2015
Company Name a€“ State

© NYC - Mens Shoes, Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.

* Maintained established levels of goods based on sales forecasts and demand to fulfill orders on time.

¢ Maintained strong vendor connections, including arranging pricing and delivery structures and managing specific shipment or paperwork
eoneciicy

brairestbeny
Criminal Justice Bronx Community College - City , State
Associate of Arts : Video Game Design Southem New Hampshire University - City , State
