INSURANCE SPECIALIST

Summary

Accomplished communicator who mediates effectively and uses negotiating and persuasion skills to achieve consensus. Proficient in account
mmnagenent, training, project management, and building strong relationships. Proven ability to streamline operations, educations, and troubkeshoot
problemareas. Demonstrated history of successfill administration and effective issue resolution, while providing high-quality leadership, and
maging individuals from varying backgrounds.

Skills
© QuickBooks
© Expert employee training
© Spreadsheet management POS systems Cam iiieLcem nnererescs in
* Microsoft Office proficiencyA AAAAAAAA ¢ Advanced clerical knowledge
¢ Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge Medical Billing © Microsoft excel
Microsoft Excel certified Administrative support specialist. ¢ Marsha systemFosse system

schivor anes
Insurance Specialist 04/2017 to Current Company Nan City , State

Processed applications, payments, corrections, endorsements and cancellations.

Developed, implemented and monitored new underwriting guidelines for the agency.

Compiled coverage and rating nformtion in an accessible format.

Nie nicte rm Gminicrenubalhepornelaloi ca oninaenaiiiiionele omy cd
Researched coverage and premium options and supplied clients with the best coverage availble.
Finalized and nnintained all types of personal lines insurance policies within the agency.

Front desk agent 12/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

¢ Dispensed guidance, direction and authorization to carry out major plans.

Reviewed sales price and operating costs.

Ensured work was accomplished in a safé manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.
sAleLeeclonneecbineltinecs

Peetiuiceb ici pecoH netic UCM MMCea Koseuivedteicelbemrrsneieg seed ties

Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client.

Interacted with customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses and expedited orders.

Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mnil, e-rmil and fax.

Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper fimctioning,

Public relations 09/2011 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

* Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.

© Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.

© Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.

* Evaluated and mamged new strategic business opportunities.

© Expanded product and company recognition in the national press to support the sales and marketing teams.
© Organized public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to increase product awareness.

Billing and Coding 07/2010 to 08/2010 Company Name City , State

© Obtained information by contacting appropriate personnel or patients.
Organized files by color codes Entered information into computer databases.
Retrieved requested files and delivered to appropriate personnel.

Reviewed files to check for complete and accurate information.

Processed and routed incoming mail,

We bee Nate hts BROLIN PAU MRO ore sola NOUN mmc!

© Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.

© Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.

© Organized public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to increase product awareness.

© Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.
© Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.

Education and Training

High Schoo! Diplorm 2011 Jones Senior High School

Business Administartion 2017 Southem University City , State , United States

Personal Information

Majorette (twitler/ dancer) Volleyball Affilations Walk of Life (St. Joseph Hospital) Willing to relocate: Anywhere Additional Information Won
employee of the month in March 2016
