TAX COLLECTOR OFFICER

Professional Summary

Entrepreneurial Marketing Officer A passionate about building productive relationships with clients, partners and team members. New customer
acquisition expert who emphasizes a mix of online and offlme marketing strategies.
Core Qualifications

Kerley eer nee rele og

Press Rekase Customer Service

Media Event Planning

Speeches Editing

Social Media Marketing Media Strategy

Business Planning Strong management skills

Market Analysis Marketing Commumications

Pelion RGIao ewe cees i)

Peat eR elated

Power Point Project Management

Coreen elem iil unemelbs Caste)

ep cincin ccm Date erasd

Retailng Persuasive Communication

Staffing Corporate Communications

Ethics Internet, PC, Widows, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 8, Operating System Office (Word,
Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook). Mac IOS, (Pages, Numbers, Keynote)
Photoshop, Facebook, Twitter, Instagramand ennil.

Ig Para ep Dr aisie Tete Sen

PN aleme Ney ees esl cog

NW csib asco

Strategic media placement

Interactive marketing

Channel strategy

Brand development

New customer acquisition

Stakeholder relations

schivor anes
01/2013 to 01/2016
Tax Colkctor Officer Company Name

POU ore cccnl@ ect bencianncwelnal cited rece ch obi uicl ewe aectib a eckce vos) Med CmelLccmsth eg ctce

© Selected accomplishments: Certificated collector in photo enforcement system Maintained the highest level of quality control and ensure that
staff members took the best possible corrective actions base on proven collections methods Director of the Renace Homeless Shelter

(2012 2013) Municipality of Yauco Establish alliances with nonprofit Organization.

Ec aleeemi Mel ecu meal eRe eeaiizale ote

Supervise the direction of the organization including the strategies and policies.

Selected accomplishments: Prevent Individuals and Family's to becoming homekss Increase the homekss outreach project ina 80% Able
to provide high standards of financial control in a 60% Member of the Coalition of Homekss People of Puerto Rico Launched campaign in
favor of homekss people 1.

01/2010 to 01/2012
Public Relations Officer Company Name i City , State

© Municipality of Yauco Developing and implementing communication strategies for the organization, and advising management on
communication issues and strategies.

* Coordinated monthly and quarterly marketing and community events, such as Jobs fairs and health fairs

© Selected accomplishments: Establish alliance with twelve community boards Maintained relationships wit all media sources including
journalists and news persons Wrote and distributed a community news ketter to help promote events District Office of Puerto Rico,
(eu eccR MONCH coy

UPR e2P.0rT
Communication Officer Company Name it City , State

© Manage internal and external communication including social media, creating and executing commumications strategies Selected
accomplishents: Implemented strategies to develop innovating communication tools.
* Media Monitoring (Clipping) to establish strategy to achieve or goal.

CU SPA0 ER Oktay P201 0)
Journalist Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Amalvze and colkect information throush various modes such as nersonal interviews and news briefines fo nrenare news renorts.
