SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE

Experience

10/2011 to Current

Senior Account Executive Company Name i City , State
10/2011 to Current

Senior Account Executive Company Name i City , State

Serve as day-to-day contact for senior evel Microsoft clients (e.g

collaborate, strategize and counsel on approach to business problem and/or storytelling goals) Oversee strategic storytelling efforts in major
metropolitan markets that aim to grow consumer perceptions of Microsoft and its positive impact ona commumity (e.g.

© markets include New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Boston, Los Angeks etc.) Integrate with internal and external stakeholders on
messaging, narrative development and communications plans support a holistic storytelling approach (c.g.

PR, social, product, marketing, stakeholders etc.).

WEL Totes ahr RRO Lom liborecmn acre clechee a cuikncuorcnnogccu enter narldeceron cen Ucarece a
Ae) eb tnc erie \

Manage junior evel team members, offer career coaching and mentorship Managed and grew Microsoft Office brand ambassador program
(eg

which worked to drive brand awareness, credibility and shift consumer perceptions through notable consumer lifestyle bloggers and
influencers via online and social campaigns Drove strategic campaign development and execution for Microsoft Office events and key
seasonal monnnts (c.g.

Ce ne erV abla a Rca nee) ae

10/2009 to 10/2011
Public Rehtions Associate Company Name 1% City , State

Se rcs note iieds Baber lole init Om Clie Oc eS Ocul AUB CosccioMmNtnlexe inc (uim ele
sentiment monitoring, political analysis, building and maintaining relationship with statewide nonprofits and other stakeholders).

¢ Managed media relations and executed ongoing awareness campaign for an alternative youth education program (Oregon National Guard
Youth Challenge Program).

© Mamaged healthcare association, Oregon Society of Physician Assistants (e.g, membership recruitment, conference planning and
execution).

Tedesco ees)
Assistant Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Managed team of up to 10 sales associates (e.g, scheduling, sales coaching and retail operations).
 Ensured that associates are successfilly marketing the Fossil brand.
© Coached associates on sales floor; trained new associates on company values and sales expectations.

TAU AR eet
Assistant Manager Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Promoted to peopk manager; managed team of 80-plus employees; sought and recruited brand reps (c.g, conducted interviews, hired and
ked new employee orientations).
© Worked as visual manager (c.g, supervised visual and marketing layouts and brand presentation).

Education

[tno Ab 0c)

B.A University of Oregon i% City , State from the School of Journalism and Communications

Skills

Dye hee Cee NAL ONCAN TSA HMI Cameco BTS CCU mT edB la cMm RL eCsSUICm Ny aes) | O)ii oem @ Cam coa Ulin en mB CarN RSS) coe
San, scheduling, strategic
