OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR

Professional Profile

Skilled and highly organized professional, leveraging operational and interpersonal abilities developed during education and experience to excel in
administrative operations. Operational Support: Track record of contributing effectively to productive operations, supporting goals and assisting
mmnagerment in daily fictions, event planning, and marketing efforts. Strong organizational skills and eye for detail; able to accurately manage
records and files, as well as proofreading documents. Communication Strengths: Proven ability to develop positive relationships with both
customers and team members. Abie to provide customer service by phone and in person, clearly presenting information and answering questions,
as wellas promptly resolving issues. Consistent success collaborating with team members on daily operations and special projects. Computer
Proficiencies: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint) and Web Expression, Constant Contact, and Internet research and
applications. Current education in Technology Management and computer skills certificates; adept in spreadsheet, database, and presentation
developnent. Key Strengths: Demonstrated commitment to high performance and exceeding expectations, as well as identifying and
recommending potential improvements. Able to quickly eam and excel in new responsbilities, as well as adapting skills to changing needs. Proven
success in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments, multitasking to manage competing priorities.

Qualifications

Results-oriented

Quick leamer

Microsoft Office

Self-directed

Strong problem soher

bere) Ernest

Dedicated team player

Fundanentals *Office Administration *Supervision

aaa chiesrates

Promoted to Office Administrator II after 24 months ofemployment.

Successfiilly planned and executed corporate meetings, lunches and special events for groups of 20 + employees.
Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and teanrplayer attitude.
schivor anes

Office Administrator 01/2011 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

© Support Senior Managers and other staffin administrative procedures.

« Answer phones and transfer calls, facilitating communication between customers, contractors, Warehouse Clerks, and Pick-up and Delivery
WW Blast oe

COS eee) Wisc com bani hreaineelcce imei acre mace clLeceint Bree renee neces

Collaborate with customer service to successfilly address problems and ensure customer satisfaction.

Maintain documentation, including invoices, facility work orders, purchase orders, and personnel records, as well as processing electronic
payroll entries.

Submit terminal invoices to Senior Manager and corporate office.

Prepare reports, graphs, and presentations.

Pie ece mec aletreeoetiy stew ome ibm

Stamp and meter outgoing mnil, as well as coordinating express shipping for customer COD checks.

Coordinate with vendors on facility and equipment maintenance.

Organize interviews for potential employees.

Effectively multitasked to manage time-sensitive priorities in high-volume environment.

Strategically managed warehouse supply ordering for terminal to maintain within $10,000.

AP a UAH ROU AU PE Oe cna Ni eel Val

© Develop skill in key office technology applications, including spreadsheet, database, and presentation development, as wellas Web design.
© Research company information and prepare reports and presentations.

CAE Ovlsleolcem eurelemecel ence

© Conducted extensive research on company history, products, and services, presenting results in class.

® Colkborated successfilly with team members on brand analysis project.

Public Relations Intern 08/2009 to 05/2010 Company Name City , State

Supported Chamber President and office staf

Managed front desk reception, communicating with customers by phone and in person to provide information on wekone center and local
Pe cmtoueaniteemrerem tat icee

Assisted in planning events and coordinating marketing operations.

Filed and organized operational documents and customer correspondence.

Maintained and updated client directory.

Prooffead e-mail communications.

Assisted in organizing auction event, raising more than $25,000 dollars.

Consistently evaluated office operations to recommend potential improvements.

Created volunteer application form
