SSIS

Executive Profile

Media relations pro with compelling pitching skills, delivering top tier media and publicity results for clients. Placed media stories in thousands of
international venues across multiple continents, including the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, Peopk, Sports Illustrated, USA Today, Time and
Newsweek. Booked client appearances on NBC's Today show, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, David Letterman, Good Morming America,
Oprah, and many more. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communicator, proficient in creating quality written nnterial, with published
articles and bylines in dozens of magazines and media outlets. Large-scale intemational special events management, positioning and publicity expert
for Future Capitals World Summit & Expo (Abu Dinbi), the World Summit on Innovation & Entrepreneurship (WSIE, Dubai), the US-Arab
Economic Forum with Colin Powell (USA), and more. Bi-culturally insightful strategist, delivering marketing communications programs that
support growth in international markets, with experience in the Middle East & North Affica (MENA) regions, and in Central America. Innovative
branding executive and savvy problenrsolver for regional, national and intemational clients across multiple industries, including economic
developnent, travel & tourism, govermrent, energy, technology, education, financial, healthcare, and sports & entertainment. SKILLED
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS STRATEGIST AND PUBLIC RELATIONS EXECUTIVE with significant and progressive experience
developing, managing and executing integrated marketing and PR campaigns for a broad range of regional, international and global clients,
industries and events. Proven Ieader in brand development, project management, intemational media relations, multi-cultural marketing, special
events, team building, and collateral development. Partial Client List Global Organizations Sports Marketing Healthcare PPD Clinical Research
Facility, Pfizer, American Institute of Healthcare & Fitness, Medical College of Ohio, Environmental Health Perspectives Financial Capital Bank,
Fifth Third Bank Government, Travel, and Tourism Environmental Health Perspectives magazine, Michigan Economic Areas of Expertise
Marketing Communications Strategy Corporate Communications Brand Development & Auditing Brand Message & Image Development Multi-
Cultural Marketing Special Events & Launches Project & Team Management Idea Generation Public Relations Campaigns Regional, National &
Global PR Publicist & Company Spokesperson Press Conferences & Media Tours Media Training & Developrrent Collateral Writing &
Developrrent Website Content Social Media Strategy & Content

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

© Directed all PR efforts, including organizing press conferences, managing special promotions, serving as media spokesperson, managing
celebrity appearances and writing media releases, sponsorship, and grant proposals.

¢ Managed media relations, sponsor relations, merchandising, co-op advertising, television syndication and sponsor fulfillment.

© Successfillly pitched and placed a remote feature on The Today Show, and won a Gold Award for the "Best Press Kit" from the
International Festivals and Events Association (IFEA).

Professional Experience
President Jan 2006 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Anindependent marketing & PR practice helping SMEs meet their business needs.

* Conduct brand audits and develop results-driven business strategies to help clients define, manage and reach their business goak.

© Develop and execute integrated marketing communications programs, special events and PR campaigns for multiple clients in various
prelim

* Provide creative oversight and development of key messaging, brand image, Web site content, and marketing collateral to effectively
position clients among the media and their target audiences.

Vice President Jan 2011 to Jan 2012
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

« A Startup company formed to capitalize ona constitutional amendment in Honduras that allowed the creation of new cities with sem-
independent governance systems.

© Developed strategic marketing communications campaign and multi-cultural messaging for key audiences and international media to facilitate
cross-national communication and ensure global awareness of the project.

* Created innovative community relations program and bi-lingual presentation to engage and nurture relationships with Honduran president
and government officials, business leaders, and select media in Tegucigalpa.

© Managed vendors and provided creative oversight for brand development, logo, Web site development and content, and PR partners in
losis Paton ey

Director of Brand Jan 2004 to Jan 2007
Company Name i City , State

OS liicsrecsiisincaununary melanins lel emi aneicmelnaiionomied keectii0

© Developed brand strategy and award-winning PR campaigns for the agency and its clients in the fields of healthcare, financial services,
sports marketing and business to business services.

© Managed the PR staffand budget, and worked closely with company president to position and launch their sports marketing division.

© Improved company's market position by successfully introducing and managing the market planning and RFP processes for agency clients.

Career untces

Director of Public Relations & Agency Associate Jan 2000 to Jan 2004
Company Name i City , State

© Worked with president and chairman ofan intemational chamber of commerce to enhance economic exchange and cultural understanding
