FNGOO)O NPB D CNM YAN IND

Professional Summary

Tama social media and public relations professional, experienced in creating direct-to-consumer and intemal communications for global brands. I
amatso the founder of @Wandering_for_Eats, a foodie Instagram brand with over 3.5k followers and multiple partnerships with local businesses

in Hudson County, New Jersey.
Skills
© Marketing strategy
. Sr Been eee a eset ea Dat eeiatg : initia
© Copywriting Photo Editing Microsoft Office Suite yer
i, “ * Microsoft Office Suite
¢ Content i. ae
© Photo Editing
° ecu rr id
° 0) it © Proposals
. ea arenes
uid * Recruitment
° el © Research
aad Sacre
. Financial nee
© Leadership eet
iia ae Rel osc 0101
Car atite cy
Work History
CTO Cah @tievang
Company Name

¢ Organically increased Instagram following over 200% ftom 1k to 3.5k in the past four months, and achieved an average engagement rate of

Va

Continuously growing followers by optimizing my social media strategy.

Collaborate with brands and local restaurants on sponsored posts, including creating content and copy, photo editing, and quick and

informative engagement with the audience ofeach post.

* Produce weekly sponsored d€cesnack hacka€ videos published on my Instagram Story in collaboration with a local food delivery service,
and provide weekly analytics reports to the brand's marketing manager.

© Research local restaurants and create value-added content for daily Instagram Stories and Feed posts.

Account Representative , 03/2019 to 05/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Developed campaign mterials including social media plans with paid Twitter ads, program announcements, pitch letters, and satellite media
tour alert copy for multiple Jolmson & Johnson pharmaceutical brands.

© Created internal communications for Janssen, including daily media monitoring reports for C-suite executives, company-wide emaib,
LinkedIn articles published by leadership, training videos, and internal television slides 4€¢Provided updates on running projects and set
Fe hqua scneReerl SiR ae. dae Lael sat ioe

© Compiled research on pharmceutical brands and their campaigns to find new business opportunities.

Managenent Trainee , 06/2016 to 10/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Led operations of 4 CafA© departrents concurrently, including overseeing 4 Team Leaders and 30+ employees.

¢ Successfully planned and led CafA© operations for Super Bow! 2018 and Catering operations for Thanksgiving 2017, increasing sales
40% year-to-year and ranking #2 in the company for sakes, respectively.

© Trained 10+ managers and 50+ employees for 2 store openings and led tears for the first month of openings.

Hun Resource and Recruiting Inte , 01/2015 to 12/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Created and implemented social media network growth plans for 5 Financial Advisors via LinkedIn.

© Secured over 10 interviews per week for Advisor candidates, via ermail marketing strategy that I curated.

© Founded the Wonen in Finance Intemship to drive recruitrrent of entry-level women Financial Advisors.

CE orci Rd amuatnm ion cn er euntib eds Om emoiielneReesne cies nuiemcaniice nom SUB Une
brairestbeny

Master's Degree : Communication and Media Studies , 05/2018

Rutgers University - City , State
