ig
DIRECTOR, INFORMATION SYSTEMS PACS ADMINISTRATOR/IS SYSTEMS ANALYST
Summary
Thave developed a solid history of mamging multiple projects and employees simultaneously while implementing workabk strategies with a
constant focus on the future of the company. The combination of my proven success in IT Managerrent, Project Management, PACS.
development and implerentation, with the communication skills developed as a Public Relations Manager creates a rare kvel of proficiency and
problenrsolving ability which will complement the success of any company project or departrrent.
BS ania}
CREO) Os Ore) 1M Bs)
* Windows PC and Server OS platforms through current, MS Office, MS SQL Server 2000-2008, UNIX, Linux, Internet Explorer,
Adobe Photoshop, FrontPage, Dreamweaver, Flash, PowerPoint, Photo Finish, PageMaker, WordPerfect, IMAP4, plus many others..
* PACS/HIS Related: CPSI - All modules of HIS, ChartLink, ClientWare, EMR - All versions of ImageLink PACS software and server
systems (directed development)
© NonCPSI - McKesson PACS, E-Film, Philps iSite, Sectra, GE Centricity - Current GE, Philips, Toshiba, Siemens, Konica, Kodak and
Fuji radiology modalities (US, CT, CR, MR, etc), AS400, HMS, SpeechQ, MModal DocQRoute, Kronos, HMS
« LETTERS OF REFERENCE & MATERIAL EXAMPLES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

Accomplishments

¢ As the Director of Information Systems for South Bakiwin RMC, I was responsible for leveraging all technology, security and

communication resources within the hospital and its 6 outlying properties.

This position required coordinating with IS Leadership at our corporate parent, Community Health Systems, and balancing the same with

Jocal Administration.

Early in my tenure, we were able to develop a new Ievel of communication and cooperation between Nursing, Financial, Administration,

Physicians, IS and CHS Corporate.

I sat ona number of committees both within the company and the community to maintain the cooperation that allowed us to advance.

In addition to successfilly developing and mentoring an exceptional IS team of 6 during my two years in this position, we implemented the

first three phases of Electronic Medical Record through the hospital and owned physician offices, completed a new data center

implementation, conversion to fiber backbone commumications and digital phone system, Windows 7 upgrade for over 800 users and total

systems upgrades in the clinical departrrents.

© This facility was shifted to a higher level within the CHS network of 250 hospitals and awarded numerous national accolades from third-
EI vecRU eR Oven RU ML LRU Ln Lecw nae MMT RCossHnLCneLemiclarg

schivor anes

Divcutommieensuei bey a rroe PAA OM waterline hms olecwatral sd

City , State Company Name / Aug 2012 to Jul 2014 As the Director of Information Systems for South Baldwin RMC, I was responsibk: for
leveraging all technology, security and communication resources within the hospital and its 6 outlying properties. This position required coordinating
with IS Leadership at our comporate parent, Commumity Health Systems, and balancing the same with local Administration. Early in my tenure, we
were abk to develop a new level of communication and cooperation between Nursing, Financial, Administration, Physicians, IS and CHS
Corporate. I sat on a number of committees both within the company and the community to maintain the cooperation that allowed us to advance.
Tn addition to successfilly developing and mentoring an exceptional IS team of 6 during my two years in this position, we implemented the first
three phases of Electronic Medical Record through the hospital and owned physician offices, completed a new data center implementation,
conversion to fiber backbone commumications and digital phone system, Windows 7 upgrade for over 800 users and total systems upgrades in the
clinical departments. This facility was shiffed to a higher evel within the CHS network of 250 hospitals and awarded numerous national accolades
from third-parties due to some of the changes made by my department and team I was brought into South Baldwin Regional Medical Center as
the facility’s first IS-based PACS Administrator. Affer initial reorganization of the PACS environment and creation of PACS related support
procedures and documentation, my responsibilities quickly expanded to IS projects where I identified productivity improvements that could be
mde. Some of these projects included: Becoming the 24/7 dedicated technical resource for all Radiology fimctions, meaningfil use implementation
coordination, fileserver redesign for more stable and productive use, network and system optimizations where needed to improve efficiency,
outlying clinic improvements to encourage "single-company" relations, and a number of others where needed. My primary focus has always been
providing the necessary tools and support for the constant improverrent of patient care.

Manager, InageLink PACS

City , State Company Name / Jun 2006 to Jul 2011 My hiring position at CPSI was as a Senior Project Manager in the ITS Special Projects
division. After only 3 months in this position, I was recruited into the ImageLink PACS division as an Implerrentation Project Manager. Before
being promoted to Assistant Manager then Manager of this division, my primary responsibilities were system install scheduling, preparation and
compkte onsite implementation. The three week onsite implementation of the ImageLink system entailed; coordinating server placement and
networking with hospital IT, directing the installation ofall server and reading hardware, coordination with all modality vendors to establish
DICOM communication with the new system, integration with CPSI and other vendor HIS, Radiologist and staff training and conversion of data
from the previous Radiology system A number of these sites requested that we perform the conversion of data without involving the previous
vendor. Success in these situations required developing an in-depth familiarity with numerous systems, including: McKesson, GE Centricity, Philips
iSite, Ortho View, E-Filmand Spectra PACS systems. Because responsibilities included development planning with Programming and travel with
Saks to assist in promoting the ImageLink product, I acquired additional familiarity with these competitor systems in order to keep InngeLink
current with the needs of our customers and provide my employees with training relevant to their implerrentations. This broad spectrum of
involverrent with multiple PACS systems left me knowledgeable on their use, tools and configuration. CPSI of Mobile In September 2006,
TnageLink was in use at 27 of CPSI's 950 hospitals nationwide. Of the 101 sites added during my time in InageLink, | implemented 58, either
