PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER

BS ania}

Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, WordPress, Salesforce,
MailChimp and Basecamp.

schivor anes

08/2014 to Current

We be Nast eromucltios

* Brother Grand is a California based duo that blends psychedelic-folkk rock with a twist of film-score soul.

© Manage media relations with local and national press, create press releases, invite and host press to events.
© Create marketing material, such as press one-sheet, social network flyers and monthly newsletter.

* Run national tour campaign; includes booking, social network promotion and media outreach.

¢ Team Giselk.

CUP Otevang
Marketing Director

Team Giselle consists ofa large group of Giselle Ayah's friends who have banded together to help in her battle with cancer.

The team raises fimds through a variety of events all put together by volunteers.

Create and execute marketing plan for annual series of fimdraising events (cancer benefits).

Manage marketing sites, such as Resident Advisor, Nitevibe, SF Gate, SF Station, Facebook, GoFundMe.com, 32auctions.com, etc.
Project lead for fimdraising events - run weekly meetings, manage staff, serve as onsite coordinator, and drive all projects to completion.
Develop talent lineup (bands and DJs), manage all sound logistics, and work with venue management.

Creative and content management - work with designers to create event specific flyers (print and digital) and t-shirts, as well as develop
copy for promotional items (websites, flyers, etc.).

Manage street team, work with local radio and TV stations for on-air promos.

Developed monthly newsletter to communicate monetary goals, health/treatment status and upcoming events, as well as healthy (vegan)
recipes for Team Giselle commumity.

US @racans
Public Relations & Marketing Manager Company Narre it4 City , State

© Bay Area mative with over 7 years' experience in public relations and marketing, specializing in B2B technology, specifically video/television
Breen ichem

Experience with company rebrands, website overhauls, international expansion campaigns, and crisis communication.

BhckArrow provides advertising and data solutions for next generation TV.

The marketing team handles all public relations, corporate, partner, and product marketing, reporting directly to CEO.

Notabk projects include company rebrand, website overhaul and international expansion campaign.

Actively engage, cultivate and maintain global media relationships, manage speakerships, webinars and thought leadership pieces.

Create press releases and supporting documents, receive necessary approvals from key stakeholders, round up press for briefings and push
rekase on the wire and social networks.

Create and execute annual marketing plan, including crafting of high level messaging and managing the marketing budget.

Research, plan and execute all corporate events - trade shows, conferences, and internal events.

Specifically, two major conferences with 12k+ in attendance; national and international.

Create demo mnterial, show messaging, and briefs for intemal teams and press.

Work with technology partners to develop joint marketing materials, such as press releases, data sheets, event sponsorships, and speaking
opportunities.

Manage corporate website, blog, and social network sites - write copy for sites, create graphics, and maintain website with up to date
material such as events, news and product releases.

Curate and distribute daily news from industry brief to intemal governance team, PR firmand social network sites.

© Manage creative agencies, PR finns and bié-coastal executive assistants.

© Brother Grand.

brairestbeny

yA)

De Anza Colkge, Marketing Management Certificate

2005

Associates : Art San Jose City College Art

pinay

Running, hiking, yoga, playing guitar, singing (in the shower), collecting records, dancing and reading.
Additional Information

© HONORS & AWARDS Leading Lights Finalist - Company of the Year’, Light Reading, Noverrber 2012 OnMedia Top 100 Private
Companies", AlwaysOn Media, February 2013 Best in Class - Advertising Website", Interactive Media Council, August 2013 100
Companies that Matter Most in Online Video", Streaming Media, October 2014 INTERESTS Running, hiking, yoga, playing guitar, singing
(im the shower), collecting records, dancing and reading,
