FOUNDER/STRATEGIC ACCOUNT DIRECTOR

Links

PACA name CTUETsTmCeeT

Professional Summary

To utilize my expertise and international experience as an Entrepreneur, Strategic PR & Digital Marketing Professional, and Creative
Monon

A dynamic professional with over 10 years of experience and a strong background playing a vital role in the development, managenent,
growth, and retention of key accounts and clients.

Service-oriented leader dedicated to fueling revenues, enhancing client's experience, and achieving top brand loyalty.

Highly adept in performing within high-pressure and deadline-driven environments, driving fill project lifecycles with a focus on high-quality
Cldi aril eom

als
© Management and Operational Leadership * Key Account Management
© Critical Thinking and Problem Solving © Project Management
© Networking, Business Development, and Stakehokler Relations ~~» Research, Data Analytics, and Reports
© Detail-Oriented and Results-Driven Ree AU ctsBtnlonm re ae nan
© Creative Thinker and Effective Writer PEO enor R Penis Om cre Besiuly
© Strategy Development & Strategic Planning « Articulate Planning an Effective Communication
© Higl-impact Proposal Presentation Pe ME aN eR Comer c
Work History

Founder/Strategic Account Director 08/2016 to 10/2020
(Oo ANE CaO VARI HICem rhonda

Responsible for the overall Operation and Management of the Agency specializing in Integrated Public Relations, Strategic Commumications,
and Digital Marketing Services.

Developing overall strategy, conducting market and competitor analysis, coordination with clients and media - overall media strategy and
execution guidelines for high-level projects - consultation on corporate strategy development - networking and business development -
media and govermrent relations and oversecing creative projects.

Built and strengthened industry partnerships to improve product placements, amplify coverage, and maximize the effectiveness of marketing
Ritsu com

Determined target demographics and devised strategic marketing initiatives to reach target audiences.

Pei P eb lete eel ante eTickOe Me gry ccc em Men nm seme Brule UE Ca Oe GOB Dcsiue one mm Ome a Mnerbe) ciute
project tasks meeting timelines and exceeding expectations.

Managed relationships with high-profile clients and translated marketing and social media needs into results-driven strategies.

Visit waww.hyvemyammar.com see full Agency Profile and Project Portfolio.

Daher Na eu PA CRM PAPC)
Oo ANE eH Cat Ol VARI HICem yo clitdly

Was responsible for - Testing and evaluation of products ranging from Automotive to Computers.

Attending Shows & Fairs, Media Events, Press Conferences, Product Launches, etc., - Preparing, editing, and proof-reading the news,
articles, photos, videos, and product Reviews - collaborated with visual designers to develop and implerrent visual elements for the Print
Magazine and Website - Coordinate within Managerrent Team for strategic planning of the Magazine.

Assigned stories, led content development meetings, and reviewed compkted stories to guide the execution of concepts and tone.
Devised attention-grabbing headlines and summaries for each article, determining the readiness of written pieces, made changes, and
approve final versions for publication.

Worked with graphic artists, post-production team members, and other specialists to produce captivating and successful content.
Developed and optimized online and print strategies to maximize coverage, advertiser finding, and subscriptions.

Establishing & maintaining business relationships with Partners such as Mercedes-Benz, Ford, Land Rover, Samsung, HTC, Asus as well as
chents for advertising purposes and customers.

Helped launched Myanmmr’s First & Only, International Standard, Hands-on Reviews based Magazine.

Established a reputation as one of the most reliable Product Reviewers in Myanmar.

Procurement Assistant 04/2010 to 12/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Provides procurement, logistical, and administrative support to the HQ supply team in the acquisition ofa wide variety of goods and

Roa ee

Reviews, records, and prioritizes purchasing requests and obtains additional information as required; determines the availability of vendors
and fimding sources; monitors status of existing requisitions, maintain contact with suppliers to ensure timely delivery of goods and services.
Produces tender documents such as Request for Quotation (RFQ) and more complex ones such as Request for Proposal (RFP) and
Invitation to Bid (ITB) based on the nature of requirements and cost of procurement involved; Collaborate and coordinate with all parties
