ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT FOR COLLEGE ADVANCEMENT & PUBLIC RELATIONS
Executive Profile

I've worked in higher education administration for 7 years, predominately in advancement and public relations at both the university and community
college kevel. In addition, I've taught or authored over 20 unique college courses primarily in the business discipline

Currently, I have the privilege of serving Mississippi Delta Commumity College as the Associate Vice President for College Advancement and
Public Rehtions. In this rok, I serve as the Chief Advancement & Chief Commumications Officer reporting to the College President. A member of
lecdee gree rer ONCE OLR CTES LCOwAU COM ECO R eat een thee ures cane Olina

As the Executive Director of the MDCC Alumni & Foundation, Inc., I have overall responsibility for advancement at the college including alunmi
affairs, annual giving, major gifts, records, planned giving, donor relations, and events. I also have responsibility for public relations including college
marketing, communications and news.

Professional Experience
Company Narre City , State Associate Vice President for College Advancement & Public Relations 07/2009 to Current

eS ero) ob ome ge COM He reco aera Co tnUmr Tne Bea Uchine
Executive Director ofthe MDCC Ahimi & Foundation, Inc.
Company Narre City , State Director of Development 07/2007 to 07/2009

Major gifts findraiser and responsible for the multi-million dollar comprehensive campaign; Coordinate fimdraising efforts among Academic Deans,
University Vice Presidents, Board Members, and Prospective Donors

Significantly increased overall findraising success while cultivating the largest gift in the university's history (S3.1M)

Company Name City , State Adjunct Instructor 08/2006 to 05/2007

Courses taught: Principks of Management (Undergraduate Level; 220 students per class); International Business (Graduate Level Team Teacher)
Company Name City , State Instructor, Assistant Basketball Coach, Webmaster 08/2004 to 05/2006

Courses taught 4€* Economics; Personal Finance; Advanced Computer; Web Design; Business Law for College Credit

Other duties: Assistant Coach (Basketball); Webmmster and creator of school website; Student Council Advisor; School Newspaper Advisor
(Certified MPSA Teacher)

Education
MBA : Management and Marketing 2005 Delta State University , City , State , United States

RRC.

BBA : Management and Marketing 2004 Delta State University , City , State , United States
Grae Perec ii cee Orel e BAe Glcad

Received The First Diploma having the highest grade point average of the undergraduate class
RCO. CO hor Re Oy nied

Doctor of Education Degree : Higher Education Administration Delta State University , City , State , United States
Coursework and comprehensive exams completed: Decerrber 2012
Core Accomplishments

Mississippi Delta Community College Alurmi & Foundation, Inc.
Increased annual contributions by 500% since becoming Executive Director

Total annual giving averaged $72,000 for the five year period prior to my employment. In the 2013 fiscal year, annual contributions exceeded
$350,000.

As of June 2014, total pledges receivable anticipated through 2024 exceeded $420,000. Prior to 2010, pledges receivabk had not exceeded
$100,000
