ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR

pinay

World Endeavors International Volnteer Program, Northem Thailand ApritMay 2006 Assisted Thai teachers and government officials ina
primary school for underprivileged children with the goal of introducing new ways and means to improve the facility and educational experience.
Undergraduate Writing Consultants Program Fall 2003 Recommended by professor because of high academic achievement, outstanding writing
ability, and effective communication skills. Encouraged students to improve writing through individual and group tutoring, University College Peer
Advisor Program Fall 2003, Spring 2003 Developed relationships with freshmen by providing support and assistance through the difficult transition
period in both the academic and social arenas. P.R.O. - Public Relations Organization of URI Spring 2003 - Present Founding member ofa
recognized chapter of the Public Relations Student Society of America.

Professional Summary

Skills

advertisements, advertising sales, brochures, Cancer, client, clients, database, direct marketing, logistics, Director, mailing, market research,
marketing, materials, online marketing, press releases, Programming, public relations, Publicity, researching, sales, sales development, strategy,
supervisor

Skills

Work History

07/2006 to Current

Associate Director Company Name

© Manages direct marketing communications for advertising sales and public relations initiatives.

* Manages marketing, operations, and logistics for all of Technology Review's event business, including the annual Emtech Conference at
Wien

© Directs all public relations activities and media outreach for Technology Review's annual special projects, including the TR35: The Top 35

Innovators under 35, the TR50: The Top 50 Most Innovative Companies, and the TRIO: The Top 10 Emerging Technologies.

Handks sales development for sponsorship sales including market research, pre-qualifying prospects, and creating sales materials.

Set strategy and coordinate all deliverables for media partnerships.

UPliltee OR IPA LH
Marketing Assistant Company Name

¢ Researched effective marketing venues to reach target audience and then implemented these plans, both online and in print.

© Created print and online advertisements as well as product line brochures to be used in mass mniling activities in order to generate interest in
poate a

© Qualified customers as potential buyers at boat shows, answered product questions, and provided necessary follow-up with clients to
encourage the purchase ofa sailboat or powerboat.

* Maintained the client database and managed customer relationships before and after sale.

© Oversaw online marketing activities for direct supervisor as well as the four additional offices of the company.

Yee bem atte rom nari

Anrrican Cancer Society Spring 2005.

Aided the Media Director for Rhode Island in researching, promoting, and implementing current and new cancer-awareness programs.
Created press releases and worked with local media to gain coverage of programs.

As the URI Relay for Life Publicity Chair, promoted the first-ever Relay For Life at the University of Rhode Island, which raised over
$50,000.

teed te)
Event Coordinator Inter Company Name

* Assisted student organizations with all aspects of on-campus programming from start to finish.
© Individually generated the Student Programming Handbook, a comprehensive and user-friendly guide to on-campus programming,

PXcGreoeslPiloeraben

¢ LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE, Ar eB Decco
International Volunteer Program, Northem Thailand April May 2006 Assisted Thai teachers and government officials ina primary schoo!
for underprivikged children with the goal of introducing new ways and means to improve the facility and educational experience.
Undergraduate Writing Consultants Program Fall 2003 Recommended by professor because of high academic achievement, outstanding
writing ability, and efléctive commumication skills. Encouraged students to improve writing through individual and group tutoring. University
College Peer Advisor Program Fall 2003, Spring 2003 Developed relationships with freshmen by providing support and assistance through
the difficult transition period in both the academic and social arenas. P.R.O. - Public Relations Organization of URI Spring 2003 - Present
Founding member ofa recognized chapter of the Public Relations Student Society of America.

brairestbeny

May 2005

Bachelor of Arts : Public Relations English
LO ince e ree Cire rIC
