SPECIAL EVENTS COORDINATOR
Rivera

Marketing and public relations professional with over five years’ experience in campaign management, strategic media communications, social
media management and event planning, seeking position as Marketing Coordinator with mik + honey.

¢ Excellent verbal and written commumication skills

© Sound knowledge of marketing principles

¢ Market project management-motivated, confident, multi-tasks, creative, innovative and energetic

© Social media sawy

Highlights
¢ Excellent verbal and written communication skills ¢ Market project mamagement-motivated, confident, multi-tasks, creative, energetic
CEetne@erevecedesranccnneg nner) Pius slbeesn\aay

Accomplishments

Conceptualized and launched the [Campaign name] marketing campaign, which ked to a [Number]% increase in sakes.

Initiated groundbreaking PR campaign for a television company, which secured [Number]% additional public interest compared against earlier
efforts.

ReNeeditetoen einem epaslcoca ecco Miri vedi wielcuas yee pce cucmwulibbe cece erica Purely
Naat ince ierhand peered ieekelaia

brolae ane
Arcus Pace are repes yg
June 2014 to Current Company Nanr - City , State

Be ores binen nun ntnct cues marlin abet RCH ieca ab beee Ceci MuiNAMOncii ramen \e\iocnine hts emt eu lelt a

© Cultivated positive relationships with the community through public relations campaigns.

CEES cobecdaenicrenrenioiedel «sce Pad ect hin erlckuninleiencen ance nib uuriimrenutcael aaa inal nce
© Managed official company page on Facebook to facilitate mteraction with supporters.

¢ Coordinated monthly and quarterly marketing and community events, such as [Exampk].

Administrative Assistant
August 2012 to June 2014 Company Name - City , State

Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.

Sai ValtceBtreB irl soae bene ou ee IneCR see naLCs

Planned and organized corporate media and other special events.

SSH bosP onceredycanwemin uate eminence ou ea ebtoronanalnaiy

Planned and negotiated media buys, including TV, radio, print and digital

Managed the compkte redesign and launch of the company's website in [Number] months.

Created an official company page on Facebook to facilitate interaction with customers.

Managed all social media prograns, including Intemet forums, blogs, social networking applications and message boards.

arcane Ren rarncang conan on ns lee eanaloe ee nicedp na soni ionce@ encore auuedrne kato ai oeBrenc tiie
strategies to help achieve them.

¢ Estimated project costs and monitored budgets.

¢ Edited and distributed press releases and pitches to local and national media outkts, securing positive coverage in multiple publications.
Tracked negative communication about the organization on websites and blogs and developed strategies for addressing it.

Cr ee

Public Rehtions Intem
March 2012 to July 2012 Company Nam - City , State

¢ Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.
CMA WicrcrtneKane ects rett ecw om pias mletucm i welicae iar p
© Evaluated and managed new strategic business opportunities.

¢ Edited and distributed press releases and pitches to local and national media outlets, securing positive coverage in multiple publications.

Social Media Intern
May 2011 to September 2011 Company Name - City , State

moa Cy Se en Ces ” oe
