ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Summary

A dedicated and focused administrative professional who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to
achieve project goals. Results-oriented tean-player eager to bring strong administrative skills to company in need of top-level support.

rN

brairestbeny
Master : Public Relations 2015 Full Sail University

Public Relations

Bachelors of Arts Bachelor of Arts : Spanish, Philosophy, Media studies 2013 Mercer University
Marketing, Public Relations and Joumalism coursework

Presentation Skills workshop

Coursework in Business, Communications and Advertising

Associate of Arts : Philosophy 2011 Georgia Perimeter College
Student government representative
Pele cnn ew Caan ten waite

Highlights
* Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge

Ce eda ii boaty : aerial
* Competent in Adobe Creative Suites Software (InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop) peereetes
* Adobe Acrobat XI Pro csenipde
Payer i Caer seas Cena Clave eyereng
" ee 7 s © Problemresofution
a © Meticulous attention to detail
© Schedule management
schivor anes
Company Name State Administrative Assistant 01/2013 to 10/2014
© Designed web and other content.
* Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
© Handed all media and public relations inquiries.
© Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel fictions and calculations to develop reports and lists.
* Served as professional representative of the CEO to executive clients, investors and board members.
© Published and Designed corporate newsletter. prepared and edited articles. designed graphic presentation.
© Edited Website content including newsletter and blog posting production using Adobe creative suites.
* Created, delivered, edited, and optimized marketing materials.
CMe grrincmineodiatbeceriicapemelicennaeeutin stom
© Reviewed operating practices and implemented improverrents where necessary.
© Coordinated project-based work Prepared and edited correspondence, communications, presentations and other documents.
© Designed and maintained databases.

Company Name State Public Relations Specialist 01/2012 to 09/2014

Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.

Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.

Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.

Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.

Worked with management to identify trends and developments capable of influencing PR decisions and strategies.
Managed editorial content, design and distribution of external company documents.

Organized PowerPoint presentations, website content and designs etc.).

Company Name City , State Marketing Assistant 01/2012 to 01/2013

© Contributed to relevant blogs, conferences and events both off-line and online to increase brand awareness.
* Helped developed contingency plans and alternative solutions for all projects.
