APPLECARE CPU ADVISOR
Summary

My goalis to establish a rewarding career in customer service and data entry using my skills in excel proficiency and organization, while being
collaborative with a team to serve consumers to provide a positive customer experience.

BS ania}
* Microsoft Office proficiency © Tine management
© Excellent commuication skills © Customer service-oriented
© Microsoft Excel certified © SelFdirected
© Filing and data archiving * Exceptional telephone etiquette

Accomplishments

Reduced technical escalations to managerrent by 95% to only 2-3 per day.

als

Advertising, Budget Maintenance, Data Entry, Graphic Design, Marketing, Office management, Research, Phone Support
schivor anes

AppleCare CPU Advisor
RACE OROt cna Ge aN En LO NES

Receive inbound calls to provide the customer an individualized experience educating the customer on how to use their Macintosh (Apple)
products most efficiently.

Collaborate with customers to improve user experience with software and applications; Resolve technical and computer operating system
chess

Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate using iLog/iDesk case-logging tools.

Identified and resolved system and account issues.

Worked with team to represent Apple positively and meet customer expectations.

Adhere and Comply with Appk's business conduct policy; maintain integrity, honesty and respect.

Acquisitions & Public Relations Coordinator
May 2014 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

© Conduct and organize researcl+relevant content for use on the YDM social media outlets for other means of marketing & advertising,
Contact small businesses and corporations in the Greater Charlotte area to inquire about their marketing needs and acquire sales for Your
Design Market products and marketing services to build and establish a firm client base.

Eliminated outdated records by sending the records to be scanned.

Asrange and schedule appointments between the client and the graphics design team

Host Your Design Market product hunch parties introducing latest promotional deals to attain clientele.

Respond to business ermil inquiries.

IO cleP oni se oUce Om cee CMd ace E GrineMtbcOOUCrLeRChic Re ccm ace oucnin Greats calaice

Ofescob lune ne meanness merece Nich oud cL rrekoweuiat bana le daar ice (el On

Write and mail response ketters.

bS fekstescy
March 2009 to July 2009 Company Name 14 City , State

Provided a warm and welcoming environment for guests.

Assisted diners with seating as needed

Worked with team members to encourage guest satisfaction.

WET nb eee Re cone it ene

Maintained contact with kitchen staf, management, serving staff, and customers
Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup
Rectified guest complaints.

HO aiipceRonalnereatneeel ele meeeiiaae kbp eo R Ute

brairestbeny
B.S : Business , Present University of Phoenix 1 City , State GPA: GPA: 3.0

Business GPA: 3.0

B.A: Communication Communication Media , May 2007 Oakwood University 14 City, State GPA: GPA: 3.0 Communication Commumication
Media GPA: 3.0

High Schoo! Diplorm : 2004 Vance High School!

Additional Information
