DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

schivor anes

Peto wen ensynlsino

Oo ra mAN Ret ren aoe sian terete Sms

© Manage annual Walk For Wishes which exceeded revenue goal of $440,000 in FY15 and is expected to raise close to $470,000.
Assisted with securing and renewing more than $140,000 Walk For Wishes event sponsors over a goal of $120,000 for FY15.

© Introduced the company pyramid online fimdraising platform into our Walk team efforts and increased one teanis goal ftom $14,000 to
more than $32,000.

cog ra nea ce OmnmcR com Lce mice er ea Ri noniObrene simi nycn ler rere eck Bel aas Og
them in our pre-Walk w Develop budget for specific development projects each fiscal year based on actual revenue and expenses from the
previous year, and track monthly progress.

Collaborated with Erin Ehlers, Sr Manager National Events and Brand Campaigns to implement "best practices" including free registration
and a modified version of the Walk Day Experience.

Led the Wish Ball, Detroit live auction conmittee which exceeded its revenue goal of S75,000 to just under $100,000 in its first year. Af
Created talking points for auctioneer. a1 Worked with committee to secure attractive packages for audience. 4 Identified compelling
wish stories to "lead" each package. 4 Followed through on each package for proper tracking in Raiser’s Edge, acknowkdgments for
purchasers and in-kind donors, and implementation of each package.

Maintain our Kids For Wish Kids and Third Party Events fimdraising programs by implementing "best practices" provided by our national
office. A—|} Worked closely with extemal events on BBB language and guidance. ia—| Review collateral and provide feedback to ensure
materials reflect Make-A-Wish Michigan brand guidelines. 4 Tactfilly declined event proposals that did not meet our standards. Aa
Impkmented new intemal guidelines for license agreements to ensure proper documentation for audit purposes. 41 Continue to foster
growth of online fimdraising for these programs and Ied the team through the transition to Luminate Online.

Marketing Manager
May 2004 to October 2006 Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Arranged all event logistics including securing contracts with vendors, facilities, parks and rec and police.

© Attended all events to direct event day activities, volunteers and ensure top level satisfiction of all event sponsors and vendors.

* Created all Running Fit ads, event flyers and applications using Adobe InDesign.

© Created weekly e-newsletter and e-mail list ofrunners, which has grown from 1,500 to more than 10,000.

CB Germ e ice Lobes Omics om VoncUnY ambi As claorclbe med kB Plime sme Ubi ie PAN Ong)

2006; The Legend trail run by 17% from 2003 to 2004 and by 35% fiom 2004 to 2005; Dances with Dirt Ultra Marathon by 36% from

PAU Reel ltae

Prior to my employment Rumning Fit was losing an estimated 50% ofall their co-op advertising fimds duc to inactivity and improper

submissions. At the time of my departure, Running Fit was using 100% ofall available co-op advertising dollars.

© Running Fit created two new events under my direction The Flat with Dirt 5 & 10K trail run and the Super SK run. Both events exceeded
our goal of having more than 300 finishers and have become annual events.

Wee bee asthe orem ica ures lace]
September 2003 to June 2004 Company Name if City , State

Worked closely with Pfizer to ensure sponsor recognition for the exhibit "Microbes: Invisible Aliens Amazing Allies" which was made
possible through a grant fimded by Pfizer.

Wrote press releases, inaugural intemal newsletter and copy for Web site. Revised the Museunis media kit, media list and membership
aan

Collaborated with the graphics, development, outreach, education and scouts departments on a variety of projects including event planning,
phone surveys, research, demonstrations and ticket give-a-ways to local children's organizations.

© Teamed with outside organizations to plan, promote and implerrent programs and events such as the 2004 Ann Arbor Family Days and
2004 National Volunteer Week.

Evaluated all previous marketing efforts including media coverage in print, intemet, television and radio as well as compose a detailed list of
corporate and local sponsors and partnerships.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Public Relations, Marketing , 2004 Eastem Michigan University i City , State , US 1999 to 2004 Eastern Michigan
University Ypsilanti, MI Bachelor of Science Major in Public Relations/Minor in Marketing

Indiana University Lily Family School of Philanthropy 14 City , State , US August 2011 Indiana University Lilly Family School of Philanthropy
Phoenix, AZ "The Principals and Techniques of Fundraising" Sponsored by Make-A-Wish Arerica

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Teamed with outside organizations to plan, promote and implement programs and events such as the Ann Arbor Family Days and National
Volunteer Week

Skills

Fundraising, Audit, Best Practices, Budget, Docurrentation, Its, Progress, Proposals, Marketing, Public Relations, Adobe Indesign, Ads,
Advertising, Contracts, Finishers, Indesign, Logistics, Satisfaction, Event Planning, Excel, Microsoft Word, Outlook, Powerpoint, Publisher,
Training, Word
