MANAGER
Summary

As a recent college graduate with a degree in psychology and a miner in business I posses over 5 years of experience in various fields and
customer service management. Throughout the years I have undertaken several jobs positions and intemships. These placements have enabled me
to develop not only specific industry experience, but also valuable and transferable skill sets in the fast-paced sector of management, marketing,
and public relations. Being an exceedingly motivated, and astute individual, I seek to apply my current skill sets, some of which are strong
visualization skills, communications, leadership and organizational skills to the rewarding field of event plaming. Where I can bring my zealous,
strategic values.

brairestbeny
Major-Psychology Minor: Business Mercy College May. 2014 Bachelor of Science : Psychology City , State

Relevant course work in Developmental psychology, Cognitive psychology, Historical psychology

schivor anes
Company Name September 2011 to Current Manager
lena El CG

Oversee staff, reservations, and great customer at this trendy Manhattan restaurant.

Phan shift schedules for staff.

WWOniG mente retubeatalieeccHtne brats

Maintaining equipment, adhering to health and safety precautions, making sure the kitchen and dining areas follow health code standards,
keeping records of these practices for health inspectors, solving employee or customer problems.

SE ZeN esp reer banUieliia aucun ohonecct Hats ema Leen] Mo essere oes Aatatcelicoloi ely emrccke) aes
media outlets such as Instagram, and Facebook.

Company Name January 2015 to May 2015 Intem
lena El CG

Support design and development team in the fashion accessories hats departrent.

Update line sheets according to changes made to sampks.

Track, organize and prepare sample orders for various sales, marketing and photography departments as needed.
NiPenccMiy ze yestiaeirenareil@ralcui ia meor aban iecPach em rc incincaeneamtledliilcn

Research popular hat trends for the season.

Develop trend boards to be shown to potential buyers and displayed in showroom,

Research and compik color trends for the upcoming season and match to color pantones.

Demonstrate keadership skills, assertiveness, and intellectual curiosity.

Company Name Septerrber 2013 to August 2014 Ticket Office Manager
lena El CG

Supervise box office and online ticket sales for concerts, sports, theater, and other events at various venues in the Northeast.
Track ticket inventory and place orders for ticket printing.

Maintain records of ticket sales and complirentary tickets given for particular events.

Generate and analyze weekly ticket sales reports using Microsoft Excel.

Respond customer to telephone and email inquiries.

OS eletP can eccro coer ecm NCES CRU Ube beeen kee set eermeniacctiee

(Cdnonlimne brane bpceRa ane mm UCR Ce

Increased online ticket sales through ermal, and telephone marketing.

Personally generated over 20,000 (25%) in ticket sales.

Company Name Septerrber 2011 to May 2014 Clerical Assistant
lena El CG

Processed paperwork and payroll for 15 tutors.

Coordinated with tutors to ensure adequate coverage for students in the program

Tutored students in English, History, Spanish, and Regents Exam preparation.

Developed probkem solving skills and context clues awareness for newly immigrating students with language development difficulties to be
pi onere ices eR ecancko atte

¢ Partnered with teachers to evaluate and create a more personalized leaming curriculum to meet cach individual student needs.

Ovi in gNeeer cn om ER OBS acc com eB anos NaaLencyaiccuece let)
lena El CG

¢ Supported clients marketing initiatives related to social media campaigns, press releases, direct mail, email communication, and events.
