SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER

Summary

Creative and dynamic commumications professional with experience in events, customer service, media and public relations, marketing, and
Firetree

Highlights

© Project management © Deadline-driven

* Exceptional writer PEGI emccuy com uated
Ce Olesiaccbi eRe iis 4) a mY Uc cekestiielayiad

© InDesign experience SES ee nt

schivor anes
01/2014 to 01/2016
Senior Account Manager Company Narre 14 City , State

© Developed custom public and media relations strategy for a variety of clients integrating pr, marketing and social media for maximum impact.

CMA eCmecciurceMatliocmeRecirlotiae Be vecoe cel ciiectseamerae am lite ecm Ome at lcm

© Provided updates, serve on committees, and interacted with clients to advise and customize public relation strategy and tactics to achieve
peers

© Coordinated, managed and executed public relations events; tracked media activity; and problem+solved for public relations and crisis

ben

Served as liison and representative to media and community.

Managed website content both Baker PR and clients.

Clients included Lord & Taylor, National Center for Adaptive Neurotechnology, Compkexions Spa, The Port of Coeymans, Creatacor, and

Seren

01/2012 to 01/2014
Developrent Senior Associate Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsible for fimdraising efforts for individuals at every level; manage and redesign membership benefits prograny coordinate and manage
NSH e

Developed relationships with donors to achieve financial goals.

Managed all details of fimdraising events to include budget, negotiating contracts, managing vendors, organizing volunteers and staff to
execute events, timeline creation and management, and coordination of communication among departments, guests, sponsors, donors, and
Sele

Oversaw reception and receiving Ine event featuring President Clinton in October 2012.

* Wrote and designed various findraising publications in conjunction with creative/marketing department.

01/2010 to 01/2012
Development Manager Company Name i City , State

Responsible for fimdraising efforts to include events, sponsorships, grants, year end giving, and gift solicitation.

Directed public relations events - assist in coordination and execution ofannual conference, gala, and golftournament.

Organized and produced Anderson Center video.

Managed website revision.

Conducted research to identify grant opportunities, and wrote and submitted grant proposal.

Managed admissions department: responsible for conducting interviews and tours; coordinate admission process, liaising among fanily,
school district, and related parties; and represent Anderson Center at conferences and marketing opportunities.

© Wrote, designed, and edited public relations, marketing, advertising, and fimdraising publications.

CO Fedele Cone ese ce)
Senior Account Executive Company Name i City , State

Assisted in the creation of public and media relations strategy for a variety of clients.

CMA eCmecciurceMatliocmeRecirlotiae Be vecoe cel ciiectseamerae am lite ecm Ome at lcm

© Provided updates, served on committees, and interacted with clients to advise and customize public relation strategy and tactics to achieve
peers

© Clients included Rent-a-Center, Beech-Nut, Invenergy LLC, NYS Rental Dealers Association, Community Health Foundation of Westem
New York, and Niagara Falls Bridge Commission.

01/2003 to 01/2007
Public Relations and Membership Company Name iA City , State

¢ Developed public and media relations strategy for second largest non-profit in Colurbia County, NY
© Wrote, designed, and edited pr, marketing, advertising, membership, and fimdraising publications.

* Managed membership program and database; developed and executed special and fundraising events.
CME Eley comes ekeela casa
