INTERN, CLAIM REPRESENTATIVE, HUMAN RESOURCES GENERALIST, PUBLIC AFFAIRS LIAISON SUPERINTENDENT
Executive Profile

To secure the role of Corporate Communications Manager in an effort to utilize exceptional verbal and written communication techniques to
impkerent and advance the organization's strategic goals Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Experienced implementation of
institution-wide changes to promote and encourage inclusion, respect and dignity for all constituents. Highly skilled in creating a palatable business
case about the benefits associated with diversity and inclusion. Proven capacity to collaborate proactively and diligently with stakeholders, while
furthering the organization's diversity and inclusion goals. Dynamic interpersomal, analytical, organizational skills.

PROVEN COMPETENCIES:

Leadership, Relationship Buikling, Strategic Business Focus, Self-Improvement, Teamwork, Decision Making and Judgment, Adaptability,
Tnclusiveness, Agile, Quality, Accountability, Customer Focus (intemal and external), Work Ethic, Resourcefiness, Communication (verbal and
written), Critical Thinking, Flexible, Initiative
Skill Highlights

* Project management

© Leadership/commumication skills © Employee relations

¢ Human resources Casa seneriica cae

Rae ciheewtinetent acti © Customer-oriented

CaN ocetsvonnotnais

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
Project Management: A

¢ Initiated organization migration efforts which resulted ina more streamlined enterprise

Human Resources: A
Spearheaded new employee engagement

Staff Development:
Launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff
Mentored and coached employees resulting ina 12% increase in productivity.

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Intem, Clim Representative, Human Resources Generalist, Public Affairs Liaison Superintendent 05/1988 to
feTsvang

CO itccvehuolLomla pes CistiaeokOnaribe eure

* Job responsibilities include developing goals, strategies and action plans that encourage unsurpassed customer service, while focusing on
employee satisfaction and retention levels.

© Tamresponsible for selecting and developing high quality, customer-focused managers and employees who will assist the company with

Blo ares CRS enl orb ere ecueltcm

Additionally, I am directly responsible for implementing diversity and inclusion programs and initiatives for my section.

Whik at State Farm] have orchestrated the planning and implementation of transitions and redeployments.

My experience in the Human Resources Department provided in-depth training with conflict resolution issues, personal and confidential

matters and impkmentation of diversity related programs.

Ako dealt with a wide-array of legal and personnel issues.

My human resources experience equipped me to handle extensive guidance counseling issues, career counseling issues, and other training

lal sem

Company Name City , State Public Relations Intern 01/1988 to 05/1988

Interned with Oprah Winfrey's production company in Chicago, Illinois.

This unique and memorable opportunity accentuated my writing, speaking and creativity skills.

Responsibilities included interacting with affiliate television and radio stations, drafting promotional materials and responding to fan mail.
I was offen called upon to make verbal and written presentations to affiliate stations.

This experience enabled me to develop phenomenal public speaking and presentation skills.
