MARKETING COORDINATOR

Skills

PUM iNe ences cee mui Ol OM Ue oa CemCnicl Meme oUsit Mel ule e@oclinomar stun Cerium islicennorttclgy ccm
marketing, marketing collateral, materials, newsletter, online marketing, press releases, production manager, Research, saks, script, stories, video,
SMe os Come ho

schivor anes

OO Ca ek etevang

Marketing Coordinator Company Name it City , State

© Campaigns.

Created the hashtag #CPRstrong used on social media to promote awareness of HealthStrearts 3 millionth HeartCode BLS compktion.
Designed script and production direction for Talent Managerrent's video, Accelerate Developrrent.

Formed copy for direct mail pieces and enmil campaigns for HealthStreants first account-based marketing campaign.

Proficient at developing and delivering external communications, promoting awareness to customers about new products and upcoming
NSH e

Increase product visibility to new and existing markets by authoring copy and providing design direction for digital marketing strategies.
Manage the creation of print and online marketing and sales collateral, overseeing the approval process and ensuring content meets brand
Ernie icin

© Generated a record high of 340+ registrants for a 15-minute product demo by modifying tone of voice and visuals used in online
Baan atm

Efficient with Pardot and Salesforce for managing account databases.

Oversee website updates by editing and ensuring clarity and visual appeal.

Collaborate with production manager, graphic designers, and vendors to ensure deadlines are met.

Oversaw rebranding process for Franklin Covey, a new HealthStream partner, by ensuring materials met company standards and checking
for grammar and visual appeal.

01/2014 to 01/2016
GTA emC EOL en aia @ee sctiveN ler aOlv mmr

* Consistently ranked in the top five for case closures).

¢ Received recognition in the Customer Service Spotlight.

© Helped develop a best practice document used by over 4 million subscribers.

* Provided solutions and step-by-step support to healthcare administrators, educators, and clinical staff.
01/2013

Public Relations and Marketing Intem Company Name 14 City , State

Interviewed hospital professionals for feature stories and press releases.

Prepared marketing collateral promoting hospital events.

Oeics M ena tebe ecy

Assisted with various commumity events, including the chikdren's health and wellness fair, monthly blood drives, t-shirt drives, and Christmas
activities for the hospital

Tour guide of the medical campus for new hospital donors.

Designed, selected topics, and wrote monthly employee newsktter.

Researched and collected media clippings for analytical and historical purposes.

Managed public and employee inquiries Special Projects Hispaniola Mountain Ministries, Starkville, MS 2013 Campaign to Improve Donor
Relations.

Performed a SWOT analysis for both internal and extemal factors.

Created the survey to validate results completed by 150+ volunteers.

Identified notification and follow up methods preferred by donors and stakeholders.

Performed a target public assessment.

Identified primary and secondary publics for HMM to target to get new donors.

Research methods: journal articks, survey.

Identified goals, objectives, strategies and tactics to achieve desired outcomes.

Provided multiple ways to measure the eflectiveness ofeach goal.

Created a timeline detailing when and how to approach potential donors and appropriate follow up behavior.

Education and Training

vA}

BA : Communication-Public Relations Marketing Mississippi State University Communication- Public Relations Marketing Magna Cum Laude
3.8/4.00 3.66/4.00
