MANAGER

Professional Summary

Talented individual with a educational background in Economics from the University of Califomia Irvine, seeks a career in the financial sector.
Extensive knowledge in management, Microsoft applications, and economic theory. Alvays committed to approach tasks with tenacity and
attention to detail. Very dependable and willing to take on added responsibility to kam and grow with every employment opportunity. SKILLS |
Critical thinking ] Customer service-oriented 1 Strategic sales knowledge | Articulateandwell -spoken | Training development aptitude | A ce urate
and de tai le d 1 Quick learner | Excellent planner and coordinator

als

Work History
alr ame CAO PAOLO CS
Company Name 4€“ City , State

1 Trained staffand administered performance evaluations to track employee development.

1 Analyzed budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.

l Implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce tumover.

1 Prepared payroll.

1 Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.

1 Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

Puvabnto ac omens ciemensrcreameorsn cre alta anew om

® iConductedwecklywalk -throughs with the store owner to discuss interior visual displays, including store window presentation.

Public Relations Manager , 05/2010 to 04/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

1 Cultivated and managed relationships with key clients, vendors and community partners.

1 Coordinated and participated in promotional activities and trade shows.

1 Directed the hiring, training and performance evaluations for marketing and sales staffand supervised their daily activities.
1 Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.

1 Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls whik recording accurate messages.

CO invcteseriecew om ier tumalieicreeucaeslelne Re iar) paeLaem

Saks Associate , 09/2009 to 03/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CMe Pave cieteeb erties roe elias Len ier Denice ibaa eaine com

Ce eDorreisiricebiccrneRenixe erecta ecm

Pe RG cake ennindnoadnlectkulc nunca

© ] Helped customers with questions, problems and comphints in person and via telephone.

© 1Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays.

* ] Developed positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service.
© | Trained and served as a peer coach for new sales associates.

g, 06/2009 to 09/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Audited new customer files to verify medical necessity and satisfaction of coverage criteria.

* ]Contacted patients regarding unpaid and underpaid accounts to resolve any issues.

© Improved timely paying of bills by developing flexible payment plans for patients.

© | Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incompkete patient charts.
© | Verified and created chim numbers by communicating with various insurance companies.

f, 08/2007 to 06/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.

1 Verified and created chim numbers by communicating with various insurance companies.

] Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incompkete patient charts.
1 Contacted patients regarding unpaid and underpaid accounts to resolve any issues.

1 Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls whik recording accurate messages.

CO invcteseriecew om ier tumalieicreeucaeslelne Re iar) paeLaem

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : Economics , 1 2013

LO rena zee @rlil er seen On NMS)

GPA: I National Society of Leadership, received September 2013. | Deans Honor List for six consecutive quarters (2011-2 013 Economics |
National Society of Leadership, received September 2013. I Deans Honor List for six consecutive quarters (2011-2 013 [Independent Research
Reiieiigena eae Haeel dats Buca nag
