MARKETING AND PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
Summary

Enthusiastic and creative Visual Designer with exceptional flexibility and resourcefiulness.outstanding time management and prioritization skills in
compkting time-critical projects.Adept at managing heavy workloads while focusing on designing creative, visually-appealing graphics. Excellent
CO elma MaNe Ea one nso nas aie p cee teckOnOninima crap et ram Maem een gusset pew shia srtecel
once aie

Pann
CE Grle)nexecessiu
Ollinxiiculeny
yUigehveat ot)
Budgeting
Aomoowmciieentcta emia tetcy
eioieBicly
vet sinmacin ents so) [Nt
Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Flash, Acrobat), Quark Xpress,
Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Atoms aE Ourr SA Genuimeenced

Experience
Company Name

Pu WU apd latent cee acl Rta rme vee illncwe Eipedcme ar Caner dah neva nee bury ecm

Flash Web Denns and Web Banners: Design, layout and development of online applications such as Interactive Demos and micro sites for
ee sleeve tnecnnC MN (ne ecceel acl eey

Developed narration/ scripts, Flash programming,

Designed "Rice Cooker” point roll banner campaign.

Product Packaging: Design and layout of retail packaging for a variety of Sanyo products such as Hello Kitty Toaster, Cofleée Maker, and
Waffle Maker; Encloop rechargeable batteries for breast cancer awareness.

Blister retail packaging design for Eneloop Wii RemoteTM Charging System to be sold at Costco.

Packaging design, layout and production for Air Washer TM - air purification system to be sold at Bed, Bath & Beyond.

Py rce es COuMa esl oro ew UANOCCbew NYS

Highmark Funds Print Collateral: Design, yout and production of marketing collateral such as brochures and investment kits for their
individual investment products.

Designed direct mil campaigns for their Asset Allocations Funds.

Sete iB Caen esc m ero cee OR mira ecg cre basin cea icc iNeninvaNeme estan m AUR hoa ears Oise
Countrywide Print Collateral: Design, layout and production of marketing collateral such as brochures, investment kits, fact sheets, posters
and direct mail campaigns for Countywide Home Loans, Countrywide Capital Markets, Countrywide Security Corporation, Countrywide
Asset Management Corporation.

Developed and designed branding guidelines for Full Spectrum Lending (a member of the Countrywide family.) Oversaw strategic

Ce oul ceoicteE Ce NOlECe Se steslsacl MW coubssnapsclanaSoymecit mene ae ora Rcsue ep ENn ee Sritezvaind
BU ar coraty

Ove lcdmnesimowicccsu re uciM a ee bamanlivdece tae lines

Web Design: Designed and supervised the rebranding and development of the new website for WestemBagel.com Product Packaging:
Design and layout of retail packaging for their new and existing product line.

Marketing and Public Relations Manager
AEP eR OR Gis ron eGo sian ctit

© This position lies within the Advancement Department and is responsible for art direction, design ofall print and digital publications and
CATE ea eT RESTART ocd LO MON Tu looe la LOnMCTOD em ae urine Une cls eae |e

Design and supervise production of school magazine, three issues per year; admissions rmterials; brochures; annual report; invilations;
prograns; merchandise; street banners; other projects as assigned; and event photography Implemented and maintain a social media
presence on Facebook and Twitter.

CREO ee rtnCl ERTS ES CRIB NOG LCM

© Manage outside vendors for printing, photography and writing,

Manage budget and calendar.

Partner/ Creative Director
January 1995 to January 2011 Company Name i City

¢ Responsibk for Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral.creative / art direction of client collateral.

¢ Managed office budget, client budget and supervised a team of eight desment of advertising and marketing campaigns.

* Coordinated and supervised multi-disciplinary team - designers, programmers, copywriters, photographers, illustrators - to ensure strategic
and creative development, and integrated consistency for client's brands.
