(OO) BUDA U TCC hse
Summary

Energetic and persuasive Public Relations Specialist offering expertise in public speaking, advertising and media relations. Seeking employment
with an established company which will utilize my skill, creativity and enthusiastic approach while allowing me to grow as an individual and firther

strengthen my abilities.
bs hranianie
© Microsoft Office Ce tora ositenwynad acd
Cases AU oem crn cctne © Skilled Typist
© Strong Editing Skills * Telephone Skills/Multi-Line
© Project Management Cea canes Bane Sia
CEB eseors My rhncrireeOrcler sr ma Me Oleccrer anaes
© Graphic Design * Search Engine Advertising
¢ Expert Computer Knowledge CMA oulemiy celal
© Analytical Skills © Photography
* Profit & Growth Strategies
schivor anes

Content Strategist Jan 2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Create outlines, storyboards, graphics concepts, prototype page layout.

Edit copy for writers and provide feedback to visual design team.

Act as project manager and simultaneously manages several projects.

Handk all SEO techniques, and responsible for executing all online marketing campaigns.

Responsible for ALL content management, social media tools, photo editing software and Office software
Responsible for writing a minimum of five news articles daily.

Assisted with and coordinated all public relations events for the launch of the website.

Public Relations & Marketing Manager Mar 2013 to Current
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Create in-depth marketing proposals for restaurants.

Impkment strategic and community-building campaigns, promotions and contests centered on increasing in-store visits to our clients!
restaurants, build brand loyalty for Marion Restaurant Guide and the growth of our online brand.

Research followers, organizations & influences to grow fans & build engagement of our website & social media platfors.

Plan & execute all events hosted by the Marion Restaurant Guide and for clients.

Work with all departments to identify trends and developments that influence Public Relations.

Design and maintain all web content, graphics contents, promotional videos, email blasts and email newsketter.

Work to develop & maintain relationships with company sponsors.

Successfilly handle multiple advertising budgets simultaneously.

Oreo enve@uecinlomey Aube ROR ers.
Company Name i City , State

Set up over three hundred active B2B accounts and maintained a positive work relationship with cach client over the course of their
eo islae

Establish an maintain cooperative relationships with representatives of the community.

Actas the Digital Marketing Manager for all social media & online marketing,

Created a myriad ofad campaigns to promote our clients using Facebook, AdWords, Twitter, LinkedIn and more.

Responsible for the graphics needs for numerous clients, including designing logos, business cards, websites, fliers and more.
Worked as a Project Manager for over 100 businesses, providing sales and marketing expertise, handling budgets, and overseeing projects
HisutasrcenLenmonenenl

Expanded product and company recognition in the national press to grow sakes and enhance marketing.

Organize public events, contents, parties and more to increase product awareness.

Oerer Aarau onaoristevevic al CanmlecBr peed

Responsible for all administrative duties, including answering telephones, handling computer equipment, faxes, printing, data entry,
spreadsheets and more.

Project Manager | Advertising May 2010 to Sep 2010
Company Name i City , State

Successfilly managed a sales team of 15 ona new city-wide project.

Encouraged local businesses to support their community by advertising on banners displayed city-wide.
IO eerreh ase acl Maren ehiet RM once Ona cck can ee a\U cre ote

Designed logos for many businesses.
