GENERAL MANAGER

Professional Summary

Manager with seven years of experience coordinating office management and special projects with a high degree of efficiency. Serve as point
person for Directors, staff, clients, and vendors to ensure proper lines of communication. Maintain excellent communication skills, problem
resolution abilities, and a high-level of confidentiality. Excellent Customer Service, Accounting & Basic Book-keeping, Processing Payroll, Client
relations experience. Analytical & detail oriented with a proven record for producing quality work in strict timelines. Exercise Independent
Aeneas nie Ml E ERNE ave to eounien temo PON MAO eunir sheet Omi Ge bes inlingenyic tirana
SS

Work History

LONE Cl a Eten en @iriavang

Company Name a€“ City , State

-Responsibilities: Reviewing correspondence & writing responses; Assisting the Director of the institute; Manage and plan special events

and conferences; Train & Supervise other staff} Oversee the purchases & maintain office supplies & equipments; Schedule appointments;

Assisting in the Recruitment process, Taking care of marketing the institute so that we get good no.

CM etncce katana

 Maintainng appropriate records of student's progress and development ; Making the schedules for the staff members; Checking the log-
books of the teachers from time to time and giving appropriate feedbacks.

¢ Responding to walk-in inquiries and inquiries over the phone.

* Coordinated projects and events exercising ability to improvise, improve procedures, and meet demanding deadlines.

Pee eo ec corel bn acc Reomiirelce karts ne namueiinuleslceisine basins ycatea

¢ Pknand coordinate corporate luncheons, and develop presentations for related on-site and off-site meetings.

Pee Oeesiniceml acre gouods| Cone Pieciican ecm cn henner eb inant oe

¢ Oversaw daily office operations for staffof [Number] employees.

AN ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT & PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER, 11/2003 to 08/2009
Ooi rina N liner OME

© Teaching: To teach the Multi-lingual specialists English Grammar and teach them techniques to avoid errors in writing English; marking work
and giving appropriate feedbacks; researching new topic areas and maintaining up-to-date subject knowledge.

Editing : Prooffead every file for English grammur, sentence structure, punctuation and general content before the files are uploaded and sent
to USA head office.

Continuing Education: Conduct seminar classroom education; conduct exercises in grammar, punctuation and sentence structure.

Feature Anrrican cultural notes.

Provided Administrative Assistant to the General Manager.

Organize the details of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas and itineraries.

ACHIEVEMENT : Was promoted to their sister concem company as the Center-Manager, Aakash Institute, Guwahati by the Directors
after a year’s time due to my hard-work and dedication.

A Ghilabainep vane eneer ne Regia since Lon

Responding to reviews & correspondence.

Drafting and Correspondence.

Preparing presentation in Power-point.

Assisting the managing Directors.

beoty tlecelhncetneweCen nunc eee

Peay ec unee Ne B ans

Make Travel arrangenents for the Director.

Responding to multi-line phone systems & directing them to appropriate Departments.

Company Name
CENTER-MANAGER , 10/2003 to 09/2008
Company Name a€“ City , State

Oversaw daily office operations for employees.

Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.

Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.

Created company's first employee manual including training and development.

Gee RLoncona ker omincBrmncn nian OMe gi acess) iace

Planned and executed all aspects of office headquarter move.

Managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly project team meetings.

Prepared program operating budgets, budget reports and other financial performance reports.

Education

Bachelors degree : Law, 1 2000

MASTERS IN ENGLISH LITERATURE FROM GAUHATI UNIVERSITY -
EASY

SS ailg
