DIRECTOR
Executive Profile

A spirited and motivated leader able to handle multiple projects simultancously. Abke to mentor diverse, competitive managers into a mutually
Syed hina cole Reneainln eis noes CaicLU Mp a CaUnee Ruste ileslce py ancmr ame ACM TMNT Cate) UGE Tan eect oon
Parola neaeySan reach eRe eon NOC ALOE

SSIS

Communications, Editor, Event Planning, Special Events, Director, Fundraising, Graphics, Brochures, Catalogs, Marketing, Marketing Plans,
Materials, Mentoring, Newsktters, Presentations, Processes, Public Relations, Recruitment, Strategic Plans, Supervision, Website, Annual
Reports

Professional Experience
Sinem OPA PAO @Ta varie
Oe sata Nr lep ek Os MES Co

WW atieeH Exe vero mores atom eben cunealone dre Cony cnek ann

¢ Responsibk for developing marketing plan and mnterials to recruit students by working with the Director of Continuing Studies and the
Marketing committee Manages the Kansas City Metro Center facility and supervises all clerical and part time positions Coordinates with
HM e ReneS ON ceel ce aA om LCR UND cel Coe riiegae cred kere P bana ronesurcarencene bat
other events Works independently to recruit students to attend the Metro Center by making contact with business and industry, working
Sanches uigealccemo ee kit acmarn comet namin Remy ee CouUee lem ucliee keane ee)
support recruitment and alumi efforts in the greater Kansas City area.

Online Facilitator 03/2008 to 09/2013
Oeste Oh NAMES]

Bente ccronins Omi aGeiermnetene Rael an

© Responsible for developing the syllabus and facilitating various communication chsses.

© Courses taught include but are not limited to: Mass Media Overview & History, Information Products and Presentations, Communication
Processes, Informtion Strategies, Information Sources, Communication Variety and Foundations of Interpersonal Communications,
Foundations of Mass Communication and Essentials of Managerial Communication.

Public Information Coordinator 09/2006 to 06/2012
Company Name City , State

Directed and supervised school district's communications program.

Manage award winning website, which includes daily updates to 7,300 pages.

Create graphics, track analytics, and manage 14 website coordinators.

Responsibilities include adding major enhancements to website; such as flash movies, archives, blogs, videos and podcasting,
Serve as co-editor for the district's Facebook page.

bao es oR Sce SCO ESL NL

Bil nnd en einemcceranne Ke mlnnia em bene yin

Deliver bi-weekly training educating vohmteers about District and YouthFriends policies.

Coordinate annual and special events which recognize or involve teachers, students, parents and volunteers.

Design, write and approve various marketing mediums which includes flyers, brochures and messages for the mass notification system.
Manage 12 coordinators for the district's YouthFriends Mentoring Program

eB pea ekiinake sd belie renncitenl gene ceiluneg beri qneceace cence yer chicas ones ieuc lice
Compkte yearly process to receive a grant from Kansas City for the Foundation.

Cr }

Public Relations and Alunmi Affairs Coordinator 01/2003 to 09/2006
Company Name City , State

Coordinated public relations, marketing and find development for the college.

© Produced, wrote and approved various marketing mediums, such as newsprint, intemet, annual reports, catalogs, strategic plans and
Dede

© Served as Editor-in-Chief of quarterly newsketter distributed to 3,000+ alumi, faculty, and friends of college.

© Developed and maintained Public Information website, and produced annual report and strategic plan.

¢ Organized chss reunions and aku events.
