PUBLIC RELATIONS DIRECTOR
schivor anes

UO rep asthe Biceielg

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Developed a media plan for 4 company divisions Developed and fostered relationships between the media and division heads Created and
distributed press releases for 4 company divisions Significantly increased visbility for 3 of 4 divisions Promoted company in3 kading
publications that had not previously published articles about CadmusCom

Polo Specialist
Company Name i City , State

© Received outstanding response letters from clients for excellent customer service.

© Exceeding presale goals for upcoming sale events.

© Receiving high marks for working with fellow employees and customer service during a recent job appraisal.

© Nard to the Bloomingdale's Super Sellers Club.

¢ Appointed mentor to assist newly hired associates.

© Appointed Loyalist Leader to mentor associates for a new marketing program Created an atmosphere where sales associates worked as a
team that resulted in increased Ralph Lauren Polo sales in the Men's department.

FXcust a oxoaniite
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Created press releases for nonprofit organizations including New Jersey Nets and Devils Foundation, The Cherry Blossom Festival and the
Construction Industry Advancement Program CIAP).

Promoted the 26th Annual Cherry Blossom Festival which was covered by News 12 New Jersey, ABC News World News Now,
WNET-TV documentary, "A Walk through Newark" and NJN News.

Two New York area television stations- WABC-TV and WNBC-TV-did weather remotes at Newark's Branch Brook Park covering the
festival.

Placed CIAP to participate ina discussion conceming construction job opportunities on WWOR-TV's Black Experience, a Sunday public
BYTES boa

Developed and executed a publicity campaign for CIAP'S newly launched summer construction camp for elementary and middk school
students which was covered by three Philadelphia broadcast stations- WPVI-TV, WCAU-TV, KYW-TV-for their 6 p.m

Pee

Other outlets that did a story included Comcast's CN8 News, Philadelphia Inquirer and the Courier Post.

FXcust a oxoaniite
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Created story ideas to pitch for such clients as Medallion Financial Corp.and Hearts on Fire, a diamond whoksaler, that resulted in
placements for programs such as Power Lunch and Entrepreneurs Now as well as articks in The New York Times and Fortune Magazine.
© Wrote by-line articks for The Business, Labor & Community Coalition and Onlight Inc.that were published in Real Estate Weekly.

iYebaNastberonyrenaics
Company Name i City , State

© Launched a public relations program that publicized Rutgers College of Nursing faculty research resulting in positive coverage in such media
outlets as The New York Times, Associated Press, USA Today, News 12 New Jersey, WPIX-TV, and WBGO-FM.

Developed and implemented the college's first faculty e-newsletter.

Assisted the dean with her speeches for the following: Bioterrorism Conference, college commencement, and Rep.

Rush Holt press conférence on his nurse faculty fimding bill.

Promoted the college's annual Bioterrorism Conférence which attracted coverage fromNJN News, WCTC-AM, Bergen Record, Herald
News, WMBC-TV.

Successfilly publicized Dr.Rachel Jones's HIV cell phone video project which resulted in national and intemational news coverage as well
as increase traffic to the project's web site.

Oversaw public relations budget for the College of Nursing and stayed in budget during entire tenure.

Riewpaccera aie
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Launched Rutgers College of Nursing’s public relations program

Developed and implemented the college's first faculty newsletter, Promoted Dr.

Rachel Jones' HIV/AIDS video research project nationally and internationally in print, social media, television and radio.
Oversaw the colkege's public relations budget and stayed in budget during entire tenure.

Assist clients with their purchases.

Develop and maintain a client database.

Promote excelent customer service.
