MARKETING AND SPECIAL EVENTS COORDINATOR
Summary
Detail oriented, organized and personable Event Coordimtor relocating from the West Coast. In depth understanding of the value of planning and
confirming details of events to ensure success. Brings over 6 years of experience and lessons Ieamed to ensure all ekements ofan event come

evel rameter nay
Core Qualifications

* Vendor and subcontractor negotiations/relations © Prioritization

© Corbination of big picture thinking and attention to detail += © Clear communications with all parties

CMe eat weciieme nine © Tire line of required actions for successful eventA
als

© Desktop Publishing Software: Microsoft Office Suite
© Tech savvy and able to leam new software quickly and efficiently

schivor anes
AU UR retavans
Marketing and Special Events Coordinator Company Name 1% City , State

© Plan and manage weekend seminars, social retreats, fimdraisers and gala dinners from concept to completion.
© Design all marketing materials, brochures and fliers for conferences and events.

© Developed marketing strategy based on knowledge of establishment objectives and market characteristics.

© Maintain and update company website on a daily basis.

08/2009 to 12/2009
Special Events and Public Relations Intem Company Name i’ City , State

* Worked on media planning and corporate budget mamgement.

¢ Created and maintained the company's calendar of events.

© Communicated with many vendors and publications on PR events
* Assisted in planning retail and wholesale events nationwide.

OS PA0 UREN P2010)
Bronx and Central Park Zoo Special Events Intem Company Name i City , State

© Shadowed Special Event Coordinator on multiple special events such as the Annual Gala and Corporate Outings.
¢ Assisted event sales manager in walk-throughs and day-of-event logistics.

11/2007 to 02/2008
Ye bee Nastte row ior Or cen LOIS MES HIc)

* Expanded website traffic through implementation of public relations support.
© Contacted potential clients through internet blogging.
* Represented and promoted the company to potential clients at media related event.

UT PAU RRS)
Assistant Manager Company Name iA City , State

© Pitched creative and original ideas to clients on a regular basis for potential events.
© Met customers needs ina fast paced environment to maintain positive client relationship.
© Designed and built sampkes for events and arrangements for sale.

brairestbeny

2009

BBA: Fashion Marketing and Special Events LIM College 1% City , State GPA: 3.74 Magna Cum Laude
Sign Beta Delta International Honors Society Member
