COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

Seasoned communications pro and results-driven communications strategist with award-winning writing and editing credentials, proven successes
in media relttions/pitching, and longtime experience in Web and social media content.

als

© Superior verbal and written communication skills» Brand development and management
* Excellent media contacts « Amlytical thinker

© Crisis communication * PowerPoint presentations

© Web content Caracas @bhecoritee)

Work History
Communications director , 09/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Responsible for all internal and extemal commumications for non-profit agency providing counseling, shelter and services to 90,000
Pennsylvanians each year.

Media relations/government relations/fimdraising.

Web site design and content/social media (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest).

Annual report/statewide fatality report/publications design & content.

Developed and managed communications strategies, plans and budgets.

Planned and launched innovative, creative and effective communications campaigns, such as a press conference to honor domestic violence
victims at Capitol Rotunda which resulted in participation by govemor and 19 Iegishttors and statewide media coverage.

Oversaw and adhered to the communications department budget.

Communications director Pennsylvania Auditor General , 01/2005 to 01/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for all internal and extemal communications for department of 750 employees serving 12.5 million state residents Issued more
than 300 press releases each year, plus media inquiries Web site design and content/social media National award for "PR ona Shoestring"
& honorabke mention for Web site Special assignments reporter, Pittsburgh Tribune-Review (2004-2005) Focused on in-depth background
reports on topical political, economic issues Higlt profile breaking news such as President Reagan's state fimeral Recognized as business
writer of year by Pennsylvania Society of Professional Joumalists for coverage of US Airways' bankruptcy.

Chief communications officer , 08/2001 to 04/2003
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for all internal and extemal communications for Fortune 700 intemational toolmaker with more than 14,000 employees in 64
Fu IB siCa CM La ence OC oetrslivam relia Ol nes

© Speechwriting, annual report and other executive communications, community relations, government relations, corporate philanthropy.

© Served as the primary point of contact for incoming media calls, including requests for meetings and interviews with company executives and
rece

* Developed and managed communications strategies, plans and budgets.

Vice president , 02/1998 to 08/2001
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Speechwriting, annual reports, crisis communications, government relations.

© Marketing communications and strategic planning.

© Bluc-chip clients included Firestone (Explorer tire fiasco), HealthSouth, Visa.

© Developed key messaging, branding and positioning statements.

© Planned and launched innovative, creative and effective communications campaigns, such as Os-Cal bone supplement, placing former
Olympic skater Peggy Fleming on ABC's "Good Moming, America"A

Manager , 12/1996 to 02/1998
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for all external communications for Fortune 500 natural-gas utility with more than 350,000 customers in Pennsylvania and
Maryland.

CRE (ctibrl sco Muriel ram el sLencMmLelicierans id “1uetcm esti cain ts

© Public Utility Commission as a model in the state.

© Developed and managed communications strategies, plans and budgets.

¢ Created and implemented external and internal communications strategies for key company initiatives such as energy deregulation and retail
comeing om raltiesl iit)

Editor/Reporter , 09/1985 to 12/1996
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Pe nC et ent Pee ee ne OM eons
