PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER,
Shapers

Public Relations knowledgeable about planning, creating and impkementing campaign strategies and media relations placement. Together with
Public Relations team, we specialize in developing and implementing strategic communication programs of the company.

My backgrounds are in journalism. However I also have expertise in the fied of Public Relations. With that knowledge, I know what journalists
need to, especially in terms of what they need to make your brand get included in their media. Of course, the company was able to get a good
brand inge and ultimately can increase sales

Shannan
¢ Public Relations Strategy
¢ Marketing Communications
© Media Rehtions
© Relationship building expert

© Project management
Pe gostsciiarezetsieg
© Organized ard efficient

Accomplishments

© Initiated a Public Relations campaign for non-profit ona tight budget.
¢ Initiated groundbreaking Public Relations campaign, for the company, which is more effective, compared with previous efforts.

Experience
Public Relations Officer
LOO aM CeO ROr ina Ger eines ALONG

¢ Increase and strengthen the company brand images as a leading herbal phanmcy company in Indonesia and workiwide, also as a company
that provide a good quality herbal and medicine products to help people living a better life.

Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics,

cee Loom Lone tain Lane cemtuemilaxceBo Menor any lecs

Enhance company recognition in the national press to support the sales and marketing teams.

Planned and organized corporate media and other special events.

Developed and implemented public relations business plans each year.

Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.
Managed the editorial content, design and distribution of the intemal company newsktter.

Managed all media, press and public relations issues.

Estimated project costs and monitored budgets.

Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including project timelines,

eae

SOHO #BetterU A
Health education program organized by a phanmateutical company, SOHO Global Health. As per its name, SOHO #BetterU has a vision to

support a better public health. SOHO #BetterU alligns with SOHO Global Health commitrrent as a pharmaceutical company thus focus on health
education.

May 27, 2015
Early Investments, for the Sake of Better Elderly Days A

OIRO aOR UR Acne BOS

March 5, 2015
Be Aware of the Danger of Deafness due to Mid-Ear Inflammation A

ORL ANE RLU OL Ue Sm Ore eS
