Daiana Rocha
Summary

Public Relations Specialist knowledgeable on planning, creating and implementing campaign strategies and media relations placement. Forward-
Ranh ieg yee eccena me on nee Roem icoagecucnccsiberiiciacenskrue sree abuetcor aaah Quel or es arnrea ect cme EL canoe
Pee ocou ana buna lab aniben ene Reese ethene ib cme eeu a EB alc Male ndcee ibaa il picts er Rul TE)
demonstrated history in campaign development and execution. Senior Communications expert with emphasis in Audio-Visual content creation.
Anpk experience developing special events and creating strategies to propel brand image. Organized in coordinating events by contacting media
representatives, preparing written materials, scheduling photographers, booking locations and video/graphic design of collateral and materials.
Proficient in business writing, speech writing and marketing messaging, Excellent mterpersonal relations and public speaker.

Sag

Aid

DH ANNCHO RY iid

Journalist

20+ Years of Experience in ¢ Public Spokesperson

Communications CRB aa Geecetialew

Savvy Social Media Manager = *- Marketing Strategists for Audience Growth and Retention

Audio - Visual Content ¢ Tech Sawy in cutting-edge video/editing equipment and software inc, DSLAR Cameras, Adobe
[ercloiuuibecs Premier, Adobe Photoshop and After Effects

Strong Research, Writing and

Editing Skills

eared

01/2008 - 10/2020 Public Relations Specialist Company Name | City, State

Delivered information from the City;'s goverment office to the members of the public by preparing and presenting press releases, video
stories, public service announcements, media campaigns, and social media content.

Served as liaison between elected officials, city employees and residents to address fitture city's business goals and strategies

Attend to Commission meetings and keep a close record of new and proposed government policies

Assisted elected officials with the preparation of messages, brief and create opportunities to address their constituents.

Monitored and tracked data of campaigns, brand image, and social media's preferences to

BU otaaicsl nective Benn ZR en

Established and maintained cooperative relationships with community, business leaders,

consumers, and public interest groups to synchronize strategic business plans to address all of the

Pini cate) «lane poccs

SWE cocl ors te on meu otosncuslton sees is aid
PEE Quen Pedonapcrecem lob aterceievieiun corkorp i iekeosr lettre yclal acc

No wteccra ls moneeqnaenecp naa ce

08/2004 - 07/2005 News Anchor - Interim Executive Producer Company Nam ] City , State

© Presented local news for Univision's affiliate KUTH for the 6 p.m and 11 p.m newscast.

Served as Interim News Executive Producer, supervising and working closely with writers, directors, managers and technical crews
throughout production process.

Developed news story ideas and assigned topics to teams of reporters, producers and editors.

Devised and implemented strategies to create new revenue streams and cut operational costs.

RETA Uo ed CNV Eek CoipmineRConni ives eylcs cee oued Ob ecgsnl cote) santo ual ote

Set and managed production scheduks according to strict deadlines.

Hired and oversaw remote interstate news bureaus and production crews.

Evaluated reporter stories, shaped content and helped improve overall work quality through carefull review, detailed editing and constructive
$e orsCe

03/2003 - 01/2004 Tekvision Host/News Reporter Company Name ] City , State

News Anchor /Reporter for 5 pm and 10 pm WJAN-41 newscasts.

Responsibke to produce daily assigned stories, sports segments and collaborate in the production and writing of the newscasts as needed.
Maintained up-to-the-minute knowledge of breaking news stories and responded to emergencies at any hour.

Presented, produced and edited daily news or sports segments.

Shaped narrative on key issues through effective storytelling and knowledge of public opinion.

Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

Oo leoetceR bret Co oul veka Cm NCL SICeN OSM ce

Developed a in-depth understanding of South Florida community affairs and issues.

Seek constant story kads and interview opportunities with political and social personalities,

03/1998 - 03/2003 Television Producer - Reporter Company Name | City , State

Writer for national network newscasts, Noticiero Univision, Primer Impacto and Despierta America.
