BILLING SERVICES ASSOCIATE

Professional Summary

Detail-oriented and versatile government, commercial, and non-profit billing professional with proven ability to efficiently manage multiple
ELS CRs ecteat Leese pe xCoa ce eat uncelee becuase etreRe oer Ke lonaies lec me eles Aes EBS ocn teat
verbal and written Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite communication with all executive levels (including SharePoint) and PeopleSoft Dedicated
to process improvenent High customer service standards Meticulous attention to detail Time management and positive attitude

A Sea tmcraned

ESIC Yo a eecw ates Cd

September 2012 to Current Company Name

r e ry a

Oversee all aspects of billig operations performed by the Office of Society Services (OSS) staffinclding, invoice generation and
ChSiveteon mesures remecsnomn Biante sie sl uesinee ee

Serve as the subject matter expert on the systems used to process billng services including netFORUM, LaserFiche, Media Services Group
WSO PCR his cee cen oem remake bamictl@ inl ehicete Git ecekssi (atte

MO cao AMV UCU Ce Noxc cl MES SO ed one ENaC RUE aces Reo Lovins vans Ow COOe ie race led
Raa woe

On ecranl een eB Lobrncoslect aa edeceeyncriionm Paco Michio arcing rene geonctas rar
OSS manager is out of the office.

PSivetocReolinacle Mend eROR THAN UPStelinge gence ecules ipes obec acca, ood son urecralc

Ay oR Boers bel reccn once Obese) Ceellhnkeeiosne caine niravarilnad

BSH rasbreseisle Keel incom (om linker ane rre Rue cee RES a Rercea hee ated

Leading this effort, the teams average compketion rate was 94% for the year 2014, representing an improverment over the year 2013 rate of
84% and well in excess of the established baseline of 75%.

Exceeded expectations of providing resources and training to the OSS team to accomplish assigned billing tasks for ACS publications,
publications’ advertisement, and other miscellancous billing,

Once became knowledgeable ofall billmg processes and systems utilized, department operations were streamlined and documented through
Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).

Created a service level agreement spreadsheet on SharePoint to summarize the measures of each billing service/project.

Was awarded in Septerrber 2014 for supporting the transition ofa billing project known as ACS AuthorChoice.

MT eee Rey econ sunoleluorKecmircie el coli MO) se NOCK ce GMonl cRuemitisce iy yamine bf
creating workflow charts and customizing sales transaction reports.

Introduced new Records Retention/Scanning service to the Office of Society Services in January 2015.
Poca Roe ONE e ona ORC OMrencH Lens om colP Ow umranomatade lex ior enero ard

hard copies into digital format.
MNase BOE RY or ect i Miho KE acess ielndmice Deas Ric CEN eryoew oem 2) a

(orcn@cae enue Gorell
July 2007 to July 2012 Company Name

Manually generated, reviewed, and processed 70+ goverment and commercial client invoices ona monthly basis utilizing Maconomy X
Blooper easly

Types of contracts for billing included T&M, CPFF, FFP, and Cost Reirburserent.

Interfaced daily with Project Managers to ensure final invoices were in compliance with appropriate contract guidelines and regulations.

OW Cine Bina helocR one eeeMni ancl LOM hie eemcr atom atch anicelt Meany Bone CMr eR bei aati rsly coe

I rececruc Meer cee nenecccm (elena Cartnccm

Prompt tumaround time with processing invoices once approvals were received from Project Managers Assigned tumaround time for
processing invoices after receiving edits from Project Manager was 24 to 48 hours, but consistently prepared final invoices within the same
CEN Ree cows vince) ence all

¢ Provided with the opportunity to prepare budget trackers, which was originally prepared by the Senior Contracts Administrator.

Because of the ability to eam the manual billing procedures and accounting system in a very short period, was assigned to compkte monthly
budget trackers to include with invoices.
Nominated and received the June 2011 Employee of the Month award.

e Established high credibility with Project Managers, which allowed them to ask for assistance with other aspects of finance (acted as liaison

between Project Managers and Accounts Payable/Reccivabk).

Internet Billing Coordinator
May 2005 to July 2007 Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Managed 45 federal government agencies ensuring their internet billng and account information were presented accurately every month.
© Audited accounts to ensure the nodes were attached to the correct mobile telephone numbers.

evele abbot akuete eos recttcos ocicenlninebiccnca limes cum muraetlcusklmeycoutieeticc en Rats
identified and incorporated successfillly.

PPC eiceanmcried ee nanl os

Processed exceptions (missing and/or incorrect data) to guarantee that customers were correctly invoiced through the intemet system in
order for companies to receive payment for services rendered.
yore neuer eMe a Com Ae CaP ane lM elo R MEd ilineeencanice
