ADMINISTRATIVE CLERK/ PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER.
Summary
Recent Biol University Communication Studies graduate with experience in HR/ Training and Development, recruitrent, billing, event planning,
and education. Seeking opportunity to work ina collaborative environment to build professional experience.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : Major Rhetorical/Interpersonal Communication, minor Biblical Studies May 2016 Biola University City , State

Communication chsses tackled topics of large-scale interest and delve deep into providing legitimate argurrents and proofs. Studies resulted in
honing of interpersonal and public communication skills as well being adaptive.A

Learned to analyze human behavior, asses work culture, develop case studies, research, perform text analysis and more. Averaged 18 unit course
EUAN noes ee ete NTR Le) od leu coctcedeus dl ee nectietkancice

Resulting in preparation to enter any workpkce.

schivor anes

Administrative Clerk/ Public Relations Manager 08/2016 to Current Company Name City , State

Manages an average of three hundred active members on a daily basis. Actively engages in...

© Recruitment

© Outreach

© Trainings

ry Bilng

® Telephone inquiry incoming and outgoing.

Organizes mediumscale events. Assists all members and staff in logging sensitive information.A
Works directly under business owner, coaches and other staff members to develop strong interpersonal relationships with clients.
Youth keader 02/2016 to 03/2017 Company Name City , State
Responsibk for teaching an average of fifteen high schoo! children every Sunday. Assisted youth group in leading discussion based keaming and
bain
CMe arson emcee lor rutie ence roa baned or Ee phe
© Engaged in questions of morality, ethics, and issues today.
« Allowed participates to formulate methods of critical thinking.

Aided youth with life lessons, tools for the future, and room to explore ideas. Overall acted as tutor and aid when needed.

Hurmn Resources & Training and Developiment Inter 09/2015 to 06/2016 Company Name City , State

Access Services Para-transit organization provides transportation to disabled commumity. Working directly under Metro Services Access is state
and federally finded project which gives a cheap alternative to those who qualify.

© Operated directly under Training and Development Manager as well HR director.A

© Created several training programs for company internal usage.

© Wrote multiple (RFQ)'s Request for Proposal Forms.

* Outreached for large scale job fair

¢ Acted as main kad for multiple Human Resources projects such as new hire employee material compilation and distribution.
© Updated over one hundred employee files containing sensitive and confidential information.

CMe mocier sparc binanikoeal ithaca

Operated within several different departments within Access Services to compkte whok hosts of tasks varying from Human Resources to assisting
orca WAN

Realtor Assistant 03/2014 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

€< Keller Willians is real estate team that handks probate, trust, and various aspects of Real Estate.

© Entailed various work hours spanning from Morday to Sunday.
© Transported sensitive information to and from law firms and Realtor Offices.
Assisted in hosting open houses for possible buyers and real estate agents.

© Cold Called clients and handled telephone inquiry regarding details of estates.

© Regularly updated new client information in computer system

Worked directly under Mary Alimda to complete various tasks within short period of time.
Student Voice 10/2012 to 052014 Company Nanv City , State

Served as a student's recruiter for Biol's Multi-Ethnic Parent Advisory Counsel.

Worked directly with Provost and several departments heads to better establish recruitment goals and make necessary changes for incoming
Rina

Personal outlook provided the counsel on social and cultural environment on campus to better target incoming students.

Counsel established a effective means of communication between several department.

Hosted large-scale outreach events such as commumity breakfasts where incoming student and parents listed to my personal outlook as well
as university president, provost, and several top school official.

Participation in counsel fostered established means of communication between students, departments, and others. Resulted in better retention and
