COMMUNICATIONS CONSULTANT

Ritanersag

Client-focusedA communications professional with 10 yearsA of intemal commaumications, marketing, and public relations experience. Committed
to producing results that deliver a unique blend of creativeness, strategy, and influence to advance company goals.A

BKednelasl aig

Healthcare industry experience supporting health plans, hospitals, and medical groups.

Experience in internal, external, and executive communication.

Proven track record in communicating compkx clinical issues and industry trends.

Demonstrated experience in successfully developing and managing communication programs that connect physicians to new healthcare
solutions.

Cr a

Experience
OMe een nec MAC LOnrcne Goi tiene cL OSES HI.

e

Provides complex communications consultation, with an emphasis on writing care delivery related content for broad intemal, extemal and
VeXan nek can acon

Supports senior executives in high-profile speaking engagements including Kaiser Permanente's TEDx talks (10,000 livestream participants),
Institute for Healthcare Improverment National Forum (5,500 attendees), and Kaiser Permanente's National Quality Conference (1,000+
Bl Canacy

Le ocolcckirecccicaiiel branes uietneledngerecciiieiulonmu ends bream nermcaveienckelvam narra gcse
Authored materials designed to articulate Kaiser Permanente's technological advancements in Ekectronic Health Record systems and Clinical
Libraries that help to mformclinical decision making.

Built a communications fiction for the organization's research and development division to internally and externally elevate best clinical
Puctatees

Leads communication activities designed to promote and accelerate the use of newly available clinical technologies to physicians.

Leads monthly commumity of practice calls bringing together communication kaders ftom 8 Permanente Medical Groups to share best
practices, surface care delivery stories, and cross-promote resources.

Serves as the national program leader im marketing strategy designed to showcase the organization's clinical advancements to large broker
BineRan  vrmuce race

Developed platform for cross-sharing public speaking opportunities among national communications team to elevate physician executives at
healthcare industry events.

Led the planning, development, and execution ofa change management communication strategy in support of research and developrent
Colne

© Serves as an advisor, strategist, and writer for senior physician executives, including the Chief Quality Officer.

Develops send-all ermils designed to inform, motivate, and engage more than 200,000 Kaiser Permanente employees.

e

Marketing Communications Specialist 06/2015 to 08/2017 Company Nae City , State

¢ Created ckar and simple communication materials that empower members and prospects to make the best care decisions possible for
fnatcd wees nama iLcm

Put together cohesive communication plans and marketing collateral in line with brand messaging and strategic objectives.

Project managed first kp.org cause-based marketing campaign that outperformed established benchmarks by 125%.

Led cross-fimctional teams to draft a variety of communication materials that help members navigate the complexities of their health plan.
Served as communications consultant and strategist to 22 medical facilities on matters that impact patient care.

Supported Legal department to ensure compliance with annual regulatory notifications to members.

Internal Communications Specialist 05/2013 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

¢ Produced comprehensive communication materials that connected employees to strategic and operational goals.
© Authored weekly employee newsktter with readership of 4,600.

¢ Responsible for the creation and posting of daily content on employee intranet page.

¢ Served as kad project manager for communication ofa $300 million renovation at regional medical center to reduce impact to operations.
© Wrote on behalfof the Regional Hospital Administrator to align employees with organizational and care delivery initiatives.

Public Relations Assistant 08/2010 to 04/2013 Company Name City , State

© Researched business needs, goals, marketing strategies, competitors and industry trends to guide public relations presentations and plaming,
PEW hlsincckieeslbnes se uneviicd meet sesucceencnaane una iibO) NaRBieen er M reno nnee a hyve eb veceatia nied aes

¢ Supported meetings and press conferences for clients and business partners.

© Supported the development of press releases and media kits.

Education

Master of Communication Managenent, M.C.M. 2016 University of Southem California City , State , USA
Bachelor of Arts : Communication 2012 University of Hawaii City, State , USA

Bachelor of Arts : Psychology 2012 University of Hawaii City, State , USA

Board & Leadership Experience
