PUBLIC RELATIONS EXECUTIVE

Professional Summary

A highly skilled public relations, communications and special events executive with 15 +years of public relations, business development and
operations experience. She has strong strategic thinking and planning skills; able to achieve goals with high efficiency and within tight parameters.
Outstanding interpersonal management skills; establishes rapport and credibility quickly. Ms. Alexander has excellent team and project leadership
qualities. Highly articulate with written and spoken word, quick thinking, and possesses sound judgment. Ms. Alexander maximizes her business
eflectiveness; and is experienced with managing and working with databases and software including Excel, Power Point, Outlook and Cision.
Skills

NW csib asco

Strategic management

sSCarrim syste sii

Maneietmo walt

Strategic Thinking

Excellent Planning Skills

Outstanding interpersonal & management skills

Work History
We bee asthe ow oxoatia ss PALA Tacetg
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CRUMP rR Ae Le ccCM UTE gery nec mL AMCs MICE enera betta nea SelB ies et Ce eoeacalicMm sie tos
or ocPUeOar anaemic tl

© Responsibilities also include creating, implementing and executing creative press campaigns & special events for recording artists,
pec eM nia an rIne line erlicce OR a ECR iL aBcRy oi CRC iBLnienauet sive) sca Rd ly Wed onnsmauars
Petesttonr ana

© Delegate tasks and oversees staff which includes: associate publicists, managers, coordinators & executive assistants to enhance their

publicity skills and involverrent in local publicity efforts along with promoting appropriate performances.

Works directly with clients, creating and implementing targeted marketing plans and pitching clients for media coverage.

Pitch all rajor market media, building relationships to increase client's visibility in the marketplace and create new business opportunities.

Rehtionships with key players in the celebrity market - talent, publicists, agents, managers, stylists and editors.

Create accurate budget estimates for client's long termand short term campaigns.

Strong understanding of social media and social media trends.

Prepare bi-monthly status reports of media activities which included press clippings and press analyzes of media coverage.

Create campaigns for special events, award shows, showcases or other event-related press.

Pitched and secured media coverage in local, national, international media outlets for television and film productions.

Assess new business leads, and participate in pitch development and/or presentation.

Senior Director 08/2000 to 08/2002
Company Name €“ City , State

A-AAAAAAAA Responsibke for creating and implementing press campaigns for all high profile artists: Create and impkerent full national
campaign for these artists: K-Ci & JoJo, Jodeci, Chante Moore, Jesse Powell, KeKe Wyatt, Jaguar Wright, Archie, Magic Johnson Music, Nicci
Gibert (Brownstone) and Steve Harvey as well as coordinating music press for films: Two Can Play That Game and Brown Sugar.

Di aesvslbem

Senior Account Executive 09/1993 to 08/2000
Company Name 4€“ City , State
