PUBLIC RELATIONS MARKETING MANAGER
Summary

Driven Public Relations/Marketing/Media expert bringing extensive knowledge of media production, messaging, communications and dissemination
techniques and methods. Excellent oral and written communication skills with demonstrated success in developing impactful strategic media,
marketing and public relations plans. Superb writer and editor who communicates efléctively with target audiences through strategic brand
mmnagement and PR campaigns. Public Relations Specialist with 20+years in marketing and PR. Poised and competent team builder and natural
keader who thrives in fast-paced corporate environments.

Highlights
* Promotional campaigns
© Relationship buikingexpert ¢ +Motivated team player
© Project management Cr acounasiisiazarrang
© Copywriting and copyediting ¢ +Direct marketing campaigns
© Deadline-driven ¢ Excellent written and verbal communicator
Cae ese s Rue © Start-up background
© Sponsorships ¢ Microsoft Office Suite expert
© Exceptional multi-tasker ¢ Enthusiastic team player
CME Dees ea ue) cneeiies © Selfdirected
© Persuasive negotiator Cay letbra abe)
© Organized and efficient
Accomplishments

Hired, trained and managed a team of [Number] successfill product managers. Launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer
base from [Number] to [Number] customers. Initiated groundbreaking PR campaign for a television company, which secured [Number]%
additional public interest compared against earlier efforts. Initiated a public relations campaign for a non-profit on a tight budget, raising over
$[Amount].Nominated [Company Name] products for awards and successfully captured [Number] major industry awards.Led [Company Nanv]
to receive the [Award Nan] Award in [Year].

schivor anes
07/2009 to 08/2011
Public Relations Marketing Manager Company Name iA City , State

Develop and implement communications strategies.

Work daily with a broad range of press outlets covering television, music, business, marketing, politics, entertaimment, digital media and advertising
Draft and edit press releases and by- line articles to high standard consistent with company messaging and editorial guidelines.

Develop phan and execute social media activity Create electronic press kit and manage all aspects of press kit Develop and implement consumer
promotional campaigns.

Includes establishing and managing all vendor relationships.

Manage relationships with a variety of media including tech, business, local, and vertical and across media types including blogs, online, print and
broadcast.

Manage and attend media related events.

Develop and mintain good working relationships with the media Aincluding local and national newspapers, trade magazines, radio, and television.
PDs errant ears reel Rth ino

Compose key message points for executive and talent interviews, and create internal and extemal communication/messaging.

Provide counsel to executives on messaging and media relations.

Work with management and administrative staff to support the writing and development of strategic communication pieces for the company.
Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics. Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations
activities.Evaluated and managed new strategic business opportunities. Expanded product and company recognition in the national press to support
the sales and marketing teams. Established and maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer, employee and
public interest groups.Organized public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to increase product awareness. Designed web and other
content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.Coached client representatives on effective communication with the public and
employees. Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.Cultivated positive
relationships with the community through public relations campaigns. Managed all media, press and public relations issues.Estinated project costs
and monitored budgets.Conferred with production, graphic design and web-design personnel to coordinate production of corporate
communications materials. Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including project timelines.Coached kess experienced
public relations staff members on corporate communications practices. Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on
