PUBLIC RELATIONS INTERN

Summary

Anbitious, service-driven student , looking to apply my education and experience to a job in Sports Management. Areas of proficiency include
communication skill, people skills and a

als
Coan eel eon ociineh sires
Picola ielticaiac| © Communication skills
CBRE lig © Foreign Langage

schivor anes

Ub) rem oath enw Cn cenny

May 2017 to August 2017 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Established and maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of commumity, consumer, employee and public interest groups.
© Targeted specific clientele to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.
© Successfillly aided in the establishment of'a new and upcoming Franchise.

Riewpaccera aie
May 2013 to May 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

© Completed all cleaning, stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales area.
© Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
* Provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientele.

Counselor
June 2011 to June 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Identified signs of emotional developmental problems in young students.

© Referred residents and families to commumity resources to improve well-being and quality of life.

© Educated families and community members about domestic violence.

CRY (0) e(oeB coca Co ote (a nm

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts : Communication, Current Sports Management Texas A&M University it4 City , State Communication, Current 3.481 Sports
Managenent

pinay

Volunteer, Special Olympics, October 2015- officiated teams, collaborated with different furrilies, managed scoreboard *Community Relations
Volunteer, Texas Rangers Triple Play Gala Event, Summer 2016- handled auction items, organized seating arrangements, assigned various jobs to
peopk, advertised event, consulted with players and tended to their needs Leadership Positions *Public Relations- Decorations committee, Delta
Delta Delta, Fall 2015-current-Assisted organizing St. Jude philanthropy events, contacted different companies for supplies, promoted upcoming
events *Chapter Development- Intramural chair, Delta Delta Delta , Fall 2016-current-Uphold the obligations of Membership, participate in
officer training and transition activities

Skills

Strong communication skill, clientele, organizing, People skilk, policies, Public speaker, quality, sales, Self motivated

Activities and Honors

National Honors Society of Leadership and Success *Member of Delta Delta Delta Professional Summary Personable student who works
diligently at building effective relationships with clients and staff members. Highly deadline-driven. Motivated and detail-oriented who is flexibk,
Monsees treB eel re anes erisluebalnUr Rooney mere mune lame cecciiiem

Additional Information

© Volunteer/Service Experience *Vohmteer, Special Olympics, October 2015- officiated tears, collaborated with different families, managed
scoreboard *Community Relations Volunteer, Texas Rangers Triple Play Gala Event, Summer 2016- handled auction items, organized
seating arrangements, assigned various jobs to peopk, advertised event, consulted with players and tended to their needs Leadership
Positions *Public Relations- Decorations committee, Delta Delta Delta, Fall 2015-current-Assisted organizing St. Jude philanthropy events,
contacted different companies for supplies, promoted upcoming events *Chapter Development- Intramural chair, Delta Delta Delta , Fall
WU Teeter eicceieence der eociemniaeclce imeem nnenernemieticc eee any bed
