CLIENT SERVICE SPECIALIST
Professional Summary

Results oriented business professional with a successfill track record in the areas of Strategic planning; implerrentation and operation of programs
within set time frames; volunteer management,

Proven ability to see the &€cebig pictured and quickly isolate areas for improvement. Strong analytical and problem solving ability combined with a
solid understanding of team work. Ability to communicate well with individuals at all levels of the organization.

[Ov erGon earn)
© Personabke professional with quick kaming
skills
* Ability to effectively work independently and © Flexible team player with the ability to effectively prioritize and juggle multiple
witha team concurrent projects while still making deadlines
© Excellent Communication Skills- Written & © Strong logical & analytical thinker with demonstrated talent for problem solving
[orc © Thrive on challenging tasks in office enviromrent.
© Highly organized and dedicated person with © Confident, hard-working individual who is quick to assimilate new concepts and
Frecs VALU helen meet challenges
© Highly motivated self-starter who takes initiative
Alp reuiislehec ars oe)
Professional Experience

Client Service Specialist Sep 2012 to Current
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Responsible for the analysis, troubleshooting and resolution of second-level service desk incidents Plan and manage program implementation
for new clients; facilitate on-line registration for members and ensure all eligble members have access to website.

* Manage administrative/database fimetions for health screenings, resolve screening issues and maintain accessibility of member accounts.
Work with implementation & account managers to plan on-boarding of new clients, also ensure all account requirements are met before
foroneeeg hues

Research strategies to enhance client relationships Facilitate and ensure loading ofall eligible members into database, within 24 hours.
Stream all processes to ensure scahbility and position company for doubled growth; maintain competitive market operations while
accommodating client customizations.

Public Relations & Event Planning Intem Sep 2011 to Jun 2012
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Led various project management life cycles inclusive of planning phases, event planning and management, and outreach program
implementation; supported project execution via management and maintenance of foundation database.

Facilitated recruitment processes and supervised performances for qualified volunteers supporting signature events and fimdraising efforts;
adapted to intensive scheduling requirements and maintained efficiencies in performance and program execution.

PesuretRunera mise cMieceenliacekicl Lens ioranlsueelmeley «atk anticr rs nor Leneariciiicgeciieescihe Be)
organizational programs and initiatives.

Solicited donations from sponsors by means of products and services.

Wali cahr COC a CCMA BECO Pret OL
Company Name i City , State

© Oversaw Customer Rewards Program development, execution, and Jong-term management, which enabled motivational incentives to high-
performing clients, resulting in increased company loyalty; key facilitator for design and implementation of marketing concepts and materials.

© Managed and muintained client database systems, and oversaw communications and reporting fimetions for proactive aliguent of
companywide goak.

© Improved personal production with concurrent task management and added value to marketing strategies with consultation and new
neue

© Gained subject matter expertise regarding Prinaj product line to facilitate proactive management of client issues and expedited resolution of
key service issues.

Public Relations Associate May 2009 to Jul 2010
Company Name i City , State

Orchestrated design, implementation, and ongoing management of multiple custorrer relations training programs in individually tailored
compliance with client specifications; pro-actively reviewed and restructured programs to align with evolving needs and resolve unforeseen
ben

© Monitored pending hits and clips and assisted compilation of quarterly media reports in support of senior staff decision making,

© Responded to and managed media inquiries and requests; secured expert resources and co-developed press materials and reactive media
responses.

Cultivated and grew beneficial relationships with media entities and third party organizations to streamline liaising and communicative efforts
