MANAGER OF PUBLIC RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATION

Summary

Creative thinker, who is not affaid to work outside her comfort zone. Motivated team player, results orientated with a focus on achievement.
Seeking to develop her career and is currently looking for a suitable position with an organization that values diversity and hard work. Areas of
Expertise: project management Administration and Management Conilict management Youth programming Critical Thinking Spotting opportunities
and identifying threats Personal Skills: Judgment and Decision Making Team Player Social Pereeptiveness Active karner Adapt to working in

diverse environment
BS ania}
CGuinlveriiunaiiag
* Progammmnagement © Amilytical thinker
Cr ateleriaictrcstcoyn) © Spotting opportunities and identifying threats
© Conflict management © TeamPhyer
* Youth programming COP cea RECUR IMAL MC RcCE Leen ette end

schivor anes
Manager of Public Relations and Communication Nov 2013 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City , State

© &€¢Led the development and implementation of overall Public Relations Strategies

&€¢Developed proactive relationships with government, the media and other stakeholders.

© &€¢Managed the organization of Group VIP visits and arranged meetings requested with authorities including President's Office, Prime

Minister's Office as well as Ministry of Oil and Minerals and Attend Group VIP meetings.

© &€¢Managed and supervised the content of the Company's website

&€¢Supervised the establishment of advertising and publicity materials in stands/exhibits required in the Company's participation in relevant
conferences

4€¢Integrated Public Relations activities into overall promotional campaigns to support the Company's objectives and collaborate with other
cross-fimetional divisions/departrrents for this end. 4€¢Established positive professional ties with Public Relations personnel in sharchokder
companies to ensure consistency and alignment of PR messages and initiatives.

Team Leader Democracy and Govemance Jan 2010 to Jan 2013
Company Name i City , State

Served as a democracy expert tracking all levels of policy, technical, developments, Iegislative and legal changes in the democracy and
governance aremas affecting USAID's activities and objectives in Yemen.

Advised the USAID managerrent team on projects developments and possible programmntic impact.

Drafied concept papers, designed documents, project papers, terms of reference and other relevant documents for proposed new activities.
Provided input and analysis towards the development of the USAID Yerren overall democracy and governance sectoral strategy.
Oversaw and managed US government investments in DG and monitored and evaluated implementation against contractual obligations.
Areas of work include gender equality, anti-corruption, elections, parliament, civil society, peace fil conflict mitigation, and youth civic
engagement.

Assisted in the design of the USAID's "Yerren Stability Initiative" aimed at tackling root cause of violent conflicts in the tribal areas through
provision of economic opportunities for youth, vocational training, and peaceful conflict mitigation skills and took.

Worked closely with Key government offices including: Supreme National Authority for Combating Corruption, High Tender Board,
Central Organization for Control and Audit, Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Planning among others, Parliament, Supreme Commission
for Election and Referendumand Ministry of Local Administration.

Managed key USAID projects with the following impkerenter: NDI, IFES, ADRA, Save the Children, MSI, UNDP and Partners for
Perea alzed

Liaised with donors and embassies representatives to advance the Democratic reforms agenda for Yerren.

Public Affairs Specialist Dec 2000 to Nov 2002
Company Name i City , State

Developed and implemented the Democracy Smull Grants program which fimded local nor-state actors in Yemen in the areas of education,
gender equity, youth, economic development and democracy.

Organized and impkmented cultural programs and provided follow up on all educational and cultural programs.

Cultivated a solid network among public institutions and leaders in the civic sector around the country.

Designed the capacity building training for NGOs in remote parts of Yerren.

Supported the fimding of key civic projects including: Children Parliament, NGOs Directory in Yemen, First Educational Yerneni Cartoon,
Children Library, and Women Income Generation project and Youth Community Participation.

Was awarded the Foreign Service National award of the Year 2003 for high achievement in the outreach to the civil society and positive
outcome and impact of the program

Child Project Officer May 1999 to Nov 2000
Company Name i City , State

Served as Pmiect Officer in the Community Based Rehabilitation and Inclusive Fducation nriect for children with disabilities.
