VP, PUBLIC RELATIONS ACCOUNT DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

Dedicated and experienced communications and public relations vice president with a proven track record of success in the areas of food, retail,
tourism, technology, science, biotechnology, healthcare, retail, non-profit and goverment. Media relations expert with history of securing
pkcerments in top publications and outlets. Highly regarded for leadership and execution of award winning public relations and integrated marketing
campaigns.

als

Work History

VP, Public Relations Account Director 09/2006 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Strategize, direct, manage and oversee day-to-day and long-term communications and public relations activities for high profile accounts

CreE elec Oa VMS ecco elec ROEDER Murty ea Sre imu nii) cas R@icsias Mec @atr en esti]

Cookies, Pretzeimaker, Hot Dog ona Stick, The Maryland Stem Cell Research Commission, The Maryland Technology Development

Corporation, Nobel Leaming Communities, Inc., and The Center for Eating Disorders at Sheppard Pratt.

Create, execute, and manage local, regional and national integrated marketing, media relations, public relations and branding campaigns that

meet specific communications goal.

Demonstrate expertise in the areas of written communications, editing, media documents and press kits, feature and speech writing, message

points, newsktters, interview coordination, internal and extemal communications plans, crisis communications and response, website copy

and maintenance, marketing collateral pieces, and social media posts.

© Serve as spokesperson and on-call crisis management and response and strategy expert.

© Secure placements in consumer and trade media outlets.

Tops hits include the front page of USA Today, The Today Show, Studio B with Sheppard Smith, Fox & Friends, Newsweek, and

Huffington Post.

Pitch, organize and schedule media tours with client spokespeople.

« Advise and streamline internal communications processes and procedures for clients and offer council for commumications best practices.

© Work with MGH's internal research team to conduct and evaluate quantitative and qualitative research in regard to brand awareness,
Corot emis acabecinedneiehi ein

* Lead and manage staffto ensure accuracy in writing, consistent account messaging, and client and media interaction.

Recrutt, hire and mentor department new hires and oversee the MGH intem program.

Playa key role in MGH's new business process including responding to RFPs, meeting with potential clients and presenting ideas and

concepts for new business wins.

Dispky department and account leadership and success through swift rise in MGH management structure.

© Promoted fromaccount coordimtor, to account executive, to account manager, to account director to current position (vice president,

PU em oslberrecelieiicnes Bis Ula ccs

Public Relations and Marketing Coordinator 01/2006 to 08/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Wrote and drafied press releases, media alerts, pitch letters and articles for Marketing Edge clients.

© Coordinated correspondence regarding press releases including the scheduling of interviews and appearances.
* Created advertising taglines, copy, image selection and ad layout for Marketing Edge clients.

© Charged with the task of handling publicity and marketing efforts for books written by Marketing Edge clients.
© Included frequent correspondence and contact with the media and major corporations.

* Drafied proposals for potential Marketing Edge clients in regard to public relations and marketing strategies.

Intern 07/2005
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Worked with the Govemor's speech writer developing and writing speaking and briefing points for the Governor's public appearances

including important announcements regarding the State of Maryland and press events.

© Researched in great detail information and details regarding many of the Govemors speaking engagements to ensure accuracy and precision
in each speech.

© Developed a keen sense of the Govemors writing and language techniques and the ability to reproduce those styles in speeches.

© Charged with the sole responsibility of creating and organizing a speech archive for the Governor's personal use that followed the span of his

political career during terms in the House of Delegates, United States Congress and as Govemor of Maryland.

aT Pat
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Researched and provided support on Iegishtive topics that were of interest to the Govemor.

Wrote policy briefings for the Govemor's staff on various kgislative topics.

Constructed informational binders for the Govemor and his policy staff on issues facing the State of Maryland.
Included in-depth research, interviews and preparation of materials.

Forehead enlist dranraaat CRN ltLen@ ocean
