PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER/ VICE-PRESIDENT
Summary
Well-endowed in taking on leadership positions, both inside my area of specialties and outside Delight in and highly adaptive to changng
environments of both work and pace. Stemming ffom4+ years of educational leadership and customer service I am well versed in communicating
and working with others to in collaborative situation to find a solution to a problem, but can also work confidently and efficiently independently.
Always looking to set higher academic, professional, and personal goals, and work passionately towards achieving them Excellent customer
service skills. Able to answer questions and assist people ina friendly, professional manner. Anticipate customer's needs for a welcoming and
customer-focused environment. Excellent organizational and time managerrent skis, ability to prioritize and meet deadlines under pressure. Unique
ability to connect and commumicate with diverse population. Able to respond to customer inquiries and concems by researching and identifying
Positive solutions Excellent interpersonal and conflict resolution skills resulting in highly productive relationships Able to accurately track, transcribe,
store, and maintain information in written or electronic form Adept at Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point.

schivor anes

January 2010

to

January 2012

Company Name

© Office Staff which provides excellent customer.

© Duties include: managing multi-lined customer service phones, stage set up, routine office assignments, assisting with school events,
coordinate and host new student orientations, visit high schools throughout the commumity to recruit new students for CGCC and interact
with students throughout the campus through interviews regarding their college experience participating in T.V.

CEG recs a eniaecarallekuell quem

January 2011

to

January 2012

Company Name Public Relations Officer/ Vice-President

© for Pursuing All Cultures Knowledgably.

© Some of my leadership roles as a P.R.

© Officer and Vice president were to get students more involved in campus events, community service/projects, guide fellow scholars toward
achieving success, and set an example for not only my fellow peers in P.A.C.K.

© but other students around campus.

© Ido this by maintaining a high GPA, and donating my time and energy to charity events, and other commumity/college services.

January 2012

to

May 2012

Company Name Student Leader

© ofthe Light Feet Project on the Pecos/Williams Field Campus.

© At the beginning of the spring semester I was assigned the position of being the keader of the Light Feet project for the Pecos/Williams Field
Campus for my Affican American Honors chss.

My kading rok consists of setting-up/directing find raisers, and shoe drives.

Our goal for the semester is to collect 100 pairs of shoes, socks, and laces.

Allof the proceeds will go to the Light Feet Project, who will ter distribute the shoes to children in Malawi, Affica.

05/14/15 - 8/09/15 Vohmteer Patient Care in Interventional Cardiology and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at Bayfront Medical Center,
lec

© During my tim at the Bayfront medical center I volunteered in both the NICU and interventional Cardiology departments where assisted in
caring for both adults that underwent heart surgery and newboms that were suffering froma form of drug addiction or pre-mature birth.
My job title consisted of I answering phones, scheduling appointments, checking patients both in and out of the hospital, and assisting the
nurses and doctors in caring for the patients.

Work History

Company Name

Company Name

brairestbeny

December 2015

Alunmi of Arizona State University From Chandler Gilbert Commumity College B.S : Biochemistry GPA: GPA: 3.22 M. Scholarship Recipient
*Vice-President of CGCC's Pursuing All Cultures Knowledgably, campus club *Treasurer of CGCC's Phi Theta Kappa Alpha Sigma Nu,
Honors Society *First Generation College Student, graduated with associates in science Biochemistry GPA: 3.22 Accomplishments Community
and College Volunteer Projects CGCC Chancellor and S.T.E. M. Scholarship Recipient Vice-President of CGCC's Pursuing All Cultures
Knowledgably, campus club Treasurer of CGCC’s Phi Theta Kappa Alpha Sigma Nu, Honors Society First Generation College Student,
graduated with associates in science

Arizom State University B.S : Biochemistry Biochemistry

pinay
