PUBLIC RELATIONS INTERN

Ss

Team leader and developer with over five years’ experience in management, sales, customer service and achieving positive outcomes as a result of
integrity, hard work, and innovative thinking. Highlights of qualifications include: Professional experience serving on teams receiving regional and
national recognition for excellence. Proven leadership and motivation ability through management and volunteer roks. Strong verbal and written
communication skills. Experience in the organization ofstaffand volunteers in multiple high-paced environments.

schivor anes

Public Relations Intern Jun 2016

Company Name i City , State

© Develop relationships with media contacts and ensure integrity within articles.

* Execute media events ina timely fashion.

© Write weekly press releases covering weekend, sent to fans and sponsors.

© Develop and manage content for digital media pltfonrs, including websites, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Googlet, and
Drei orem

© Manage crisis communications and develop talking points for intemal and external audiences.

Saks & Service Coordinator/Assistant Branch Manager Feb 2014 to May 2015
Company Name i City , State

© Individual recipient of ‘Pinnacle Award" for the Cincinnati Region in Quarter One 2015 - based on results of sales to goal (250%), retail
quality assurance audit (operational), employee satisfaction index rating, and customer satisfaction index rating,

© Ensured compliance with operational policies and procedures and provided workflow direction to branch staff members.

© Assisted branch manager with employee interviewing, selecting, training, setting and adjusting pay rates and work hours, directing daily

work, monitoring or implementing compliance measures, administering discipline, evaluating performance and recommending hiring and

termination decisions.

Applied selling techniques to open, develop, and close sakes by creating product interest, actively cross-sellng products, and actively

pursuing potential customers.

Addressed and resolved when possible escalated customer concerns or comphints.

Guest Services Supervisor Sep 2012 to Aug 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Organized 30-40 staff members and volunteers during various events at all of Charlotte Motor Speedway's tracks.
¢ Answered questions for guests pertaining to the events and facilities.

© Handkd any comphints from area assigned to help satisfy guests to ensure a positive experience.

Se ge cueO ether sues ia iieom GPa SNcsubciok a CEclisLecR aM Lcimucia

Sales Manager Jum 2011 to Feb 2014
Company Name i City , State

Menber of Store #1252 team awarded "Store of the Year" for Best Buy Co, Inc., FY 2012 Store received multiple "Top Store of the
Month" honors from 2011-2014 in Richmond, IN, Charlotte, NC, and Muncie, IN.

Recommended by home store District 14 Manager and selected by Carolina District Manager and HR Manager to serve as one of two
people to turn around a poor-performing store in Charlotte, NC.

Oo ee Maen Cec LCM ty RT Ore a rek@l cme cceeuliLele Om Ea orlO Sm nnVcla MANE clboosRnet¢
significantly by keeping thorough inventory and applying and company policies and procedures.

Impkmented employee evaluation process to uphold policies by employees Coached and trained existing and new employees in company
sales techniques, behaviors, goals and culture.

* Increased customer satisfaction index by applying Best Buy practices to all points of customer contact.

Supported goal achievement by modeling strong salesmanship and positive behaviors, driving customer satisfaction and retention goals, and
coordinating relationships with surrounding businesses, other Best Buy stores, and the local community.

© Sourced, interviewed and hired employees for individual business group.

Continually coached and trained new employees, building confidence through role playing, weekly one-on-one consultations, and provided
coaching recognition and feedback to create an open and approachable culture in the store.

Managed Profit & Loss statements, opened and closed store, handied all cash and prepared bank deposits, audited cashier drawers, and
created employee schedules.

© Analyzed store's performance indicators against team selling behaviors and goals and develop action plans to address objectives and
achieve desired business results.

Served as Employee Experience Committee (EEC) Chairperson for all three stores - built relationships with businesses and organizations in
local area, coordinated volunteer efforts for 12 large-scale community events each year.

¢ Ensured minimum of 10 volunteers at each event to secure $1,000 donation to cach 501(c)(3).

Public Relations/Social Media Manager, Department of Athletics Mar 2011 to May 2016
Company Name i City , State

© Promote Indiana University and Indiana University East and their mission to all fans of IU East and IU East Athletics.
