OPERATIONS MANAGER

Career Overview

Experienced and enthusiastic management professional with strong analytical, organizational and problem solving skills. Successfill in overall
operations ina fast paced environment, with an in-depth knowledge of sales, operations, finance and customer service.

Areas of Expertise

Operations management Effective leader Staff development Compkx problem solving Inventory contro! Calm under pressure Sound judgment
Riroae smtee misting

Professional Experience

Company Name Septerrber 2014 to Current Operations Manager

lena El CG

Mentored, coached and trained all new reception team members.

Boosted company efficiency through streamlined reporting processes.

Created and maintained schedules for 8 departments.

Responsible for all payroll processes.

Consulted with the IT department and oversaw the launch, training and implementation of new salon software.
Responsible for all financial reporting to the accounting departrent.

Directly managed the salon's Operations Coordinator and maintenance team.

Worked to maintain inventory levels and reduce overall shrink in the retail aspect of the business.

Company Name September 2010 to September 2014 Salon Manager
lena El CG

* Managed team of 18 professionals.

¢ Directed strategic initiatives to achieve projected monthly sales goals. Coordinated and oversaw all day-to-day business operations inclusive
of ordering of supplies, payroll, facility maintenance and scheduks.

Reduced and controlled expenses by adhering to budgets and researching and applying cost effective alternatives.

Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters.

Increased profits by 20% over previous year for 13/14 fiscal.

Ran highest grossing revenue per chair location in the company. Trained and monitored customer service representatives to ensure quality
foro mcca cee

© Provided training, mentoring and guidance for new and existing employees.

* Consulted and assisted in over seeing operations for other area locations.

© Promoted to Operations Manager of the salon's flagship location in New York, NY in September, 2014.

Company Name February 2008 to Septermber 2010 Floor Manager
lena El CG

© Direct lnison between clients and techmical staff

* Involved inall aspects of customer service to ensure superior service.

CG rclecminsramoinaekiniitcoaboetias

CEP ACOS BING St niet CELEB Uma tere Lisa emech mie nck etn

* Monitored and tracked daily/yearly/weekly sales in all departrents.

© Promoted to Salon Manager of the company’s Greenwich, CT location in September, 2010.

Company Name February 2003 to February 2008 Marketing & Public Relations Director/Manager
lena El CG

© Developed and implemented marketing and business plans, designed press rekases and promotional materials.

* Coordinated and oversaw all promotional and special events. Simultaneously managed muttiple projects under tight deadlmes. Developed
advertising and PR programs using print media, trade show presentations, press interviews, brochure, videotapes, audio tapes and direct
mail campaigns.

Initiated direct marketing programs from creative concept to production and implementation.

Developed in-house database that targeted new customers. Negotiated, purchased, and scheduled newspaper, radio, and outdoor
Breen ichem

Supervised the development and nnintenance of the company's Web site.

Assisted the owner in managing company operations.

Monitored customer service representatives to ensure quality customer service.

Provided training and guidance for new employees.

Designed and presented training curriculum for personnel.

bernie Ceconcencueciesvele

Company Name August 2001 to February 2013 Administrative Assistant/Receptionist
lena El CG

¢ Direct liaison between clients, management and technical stafE
