TRANSFER RECRUITER/ADMISSIONS COUNSELOR,
[Osheue Oona ang

Committed and motivated Administrative Assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. Strong work ethic, professional
demeanor and great initiative. Executive Administration Develop Result Oriented Procedures Operation Management National Talent Consultant
Organizational Consulting Performance Expansion Strategic Business Marketing/Planning ROI & Profit optimization

Office Competencies
Microsoft Office Suite Programs Ennil Protocol
Desktop Publishing Intemet Usage Office Management Create Procedures, Handbooks

Rainbow Push Coalition National Action Network United Institution Baptist Church Philathea Ministry Central Union Missionary I have been able
to observe Cheryl ina variety of settings, including seeing how well she operates a fluent and successful office." George Curry, Keynote
Speaker/Media Coach Ms. Porter is one of the most effective Executive Administrators I've ever worked with. She is masterful at scheduling,
adept at juggling and possesses excellent people skills.” Dr. Julianne Malveaux, President Encriti- Bennett College Ms. Porter is a resourceful,
creative, and solution-oriented person. She fimctions well as a team leader." -Murray Dewalt, Security Chief. Rev. Jesse L. Jackson EXECUTIVE
ADMINISTRATION AND OPERATIONS MANAGER

Professional Experience
Transfer Recruiter/Admissions Counselor 01/2014 to 06/2015
Company Name City , State

© Aprivate historically black liberal arts college for women.
© Recruiting of transfer and non- traditional students.

¢ Creation of transfer guide and official transfer data on college webpage.

© Work directly with students to secure admission to the college.

* Develop partnerships with area commumity colleges and organization's to encourage enrollment of students.
Executive Assistant 08/2011 to 12/2013

Company Name City , State

¢ A private historically black liberal arts college for women.

Nye UCMaVALCHEnniaioeeret i Cedi a vies (cna relic horneRereuniunenlnl Lane lce
Preparation of monthly travel and expense reports, itineraries, docurnent drafis and correspondence.
EUormucesllenesteepelstiines Ombre Leche aiuee wiecl elena

Successfull completion of office set-up, supervising and coordinating the daily office fimctionality.

ctr PCO Ha ORI ROS SUE dunes Leam /4e.L Umm EU AAU) Bt
Company Name City , State

REV Eliniemiiiein cecal fede Ol OMe hondihobitruseciisinnerianinccenas in

© Work closely with various clients on event planning, national tour scheduling and media advertising,

© Occasional office manager when required completing invoicing, payroll distribution, cal/ermail inquiry and correspondence management.
* Assist in the development of company temphites, including letters, memps, outlines, forms and charts.

Ail boccurucePecccni ae E/AH Oram P2P.H by
Company Name City , State

Independently owned and operated national public relations company.

At the direction of the president, managed and assigned team projects.

Collaborated with team leaders, provided research and other support for projects.

Developed and maintained human resource information and fiks.

Compile monthly client reports and authorize billable hours for payment.

Managed ennils, paper work, inquiries, correspondence, proposals and confidential administrative client data.
Wrote copy for email, direct mail and print advertising.

Operator/Receptionist 11/2002 to 10/2009
Company Name City , State

© Jackson Park is a 270 patient facility and 900-faculty member community hospital serving over | milion peopk.
© Operated facility min switchboard.
© Paged physicians, and all other hospital personnel overhead, in-house and long range.
