CHIEF INNOVATION AND OUTREACH OFFICER
Professional Summary

Creative, social innovator with extensive project experience from original concept to strategic development. Talents include thoughtfill and socially-
conscious program design, systems thinking across disciplines and departirents, inert ability to problem solve, and consistent dedication to
authentic collaboration, even in the most challenging circumstances.

Core Qualifications
© Change management and ability to shift roles and problemrsohve
quickly in an emerging organization
* Expertise in progressive K-12 education models, instructional
design, policy and politics around education reform efforts
© Lead developer and facilitator in training and professional growth
© Creative problem solving in scenarios with multiple variables

« Acute awareness for budget management and resource allocation

© Systems thinking and ecological approach to program
development, implementation and evaluation

* Positive, energetic and a believer of creating a culture of risk-
taking, reflection, and humor to do our collective best work

schivor anes
06/2013 to Current
Chief Innovation and Outreach Officer Company Name 1% City , State

© Leadership and Program Development: Provided leadership for innovation, growth, and development ofa progressive K-8 education
program Defined, implemented, and fostered clear and transparent processes to support innovation at every level of the organization.
Impkmented new ways to gather data and measure impact around student leaming, development and assessment of the whole chikd.
Project Management and Creative Development: \dentified projects that have strong potential and allocate budgets to test them
Developed prototypes and gathered feedback around the impact and value for innovative and appropriate growth. Ensured aligament of
innovation projects with the vision and mission of the ECS.

Relationship Building and Outreach: Erspowered professional transformation through professional growth experiences. Supported
internal communication to build brand and culture. Developed external communication platforms to build connection with progressive
education mindset throughout the region.

Visioning, Mission Development, and Implementation: Planned, designed, and conducted strategic planning sessions that adhere to the
ECS Guiding Principles and mission for building an ecologically literate citizenry. Coordinated opportunities for deep dives into
enviromental mission and for further reflection and connection with organizational culture. Conducted mindset growth opportunities for
faculty to build leadership capacity and resilience.

Financial Management and Budgeting: Project managed the design and execution ofa 1.2 million renovation and retrofit for a new
ire eee et nacmtenantidarcciemmabtsiarineBioelnet coat scm earrieklamettekcancrmre)
profit organization.

10/2014 to 04/2015
Consultant - Green and Healthy Schools Academy Company Name 1% City , State

Collaboratively researched, planned and executed deep professional development experiences for educators, administrators, and community
members around culture development and systemic change. Utilized human-centered design and mindset techniques to support professional
ficstecseosenslt een

06/2008 to 06/2013
Curriculum Architect and Academic Director Company Name 1 City , State

Developed an innovative curriculum model that utilizes the environment as a teaching tool. Engaged partnerships with organizations to develop
relationships rather than "one-hit-wonder” progras. Piloted altemative measurements for student thinking and leaming, Provided kadership for
changing the conversation around education, the profession, school governance, and school design. Utilized human-centered design to support and
develop systems and infrastructure to "rethink school."

07/2008 to 07/2009
Science Educator and Environmental Coordinator Company Name iM City , State

Instructed students at all grade levels using non-traditional practices, including using 600+ acre park as an extended classroom Developed
curriculum for all grade levels integrating the science, tech, and engineering standards. Provided professional development for teachers in
curriculum development and integration of content areas. Supported infrastructure, systems, and early development of'a new organization.

UPR n eit
Educator - Center for the Highly Gifted Company Name 14 City , State

Instructed 4th grade highly gifted students with various levels and abilities in math, reading, social studies, sciences, and the arts. Created and
adapted curriculum materials for instruction based on curriculum blueprints from ekementary and middle school guidelines. Worked collaboratively
with the Washington National Opera to create original operas with 75 students annually. Provided a basis of knowledge of gifted education to
parents, colkagues and commumity. Taught and practiced problem solving, creative problem solving and creative thinking models with students.

02/2001 to 08/2002
