DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC RELATIONS / ASSOCIATE ARTIST
Summary

Creative administrator and public relations coordinator offering administrative experience in both corporate and non-profit office enviroments.
Dedicated and focused, adept at completing multiple tasks simultancously and following through to achieve project goals.

BS ania}
° and SoD el ® Proficiency in Outlook, Tessitura, Cision, Gorkana, Constant Contact
© Meticulous attention to detail a pane wT
* Windows, Mac OSX. + Professional and nuture
© Business writing ae nee
CE Thenebelcrmasen etic Ray een er
. Sec een ty eens
" be A © Schedule mnagement
© Billngand coding
schivor anes

Director of Public Relations / Associate Artist Oct 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Handled all media and public relations inquiries.

Catch wep receo tr Neko creme kat inn ieae amen npcaceltce

Contacting media outlets, pitching interviews with company and cast members.
Writing and editing of press releases and promotional materials for productions.

Fou ESHOP PONCHO eon a Oma RE Re uml}
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Assistant to Senior Executive Vice President Marcia Horowitz, focus on crisis management

¢ Extensive research and reporting - collecting daily media hits for clients and organizing them into reports

© Easily managed busy phone and enuil traffic

Coordinated travel arrangements and expense billing for Ms. Horowitz

Fiincct nel mes roiceih ce iach eel numm electoral eeaascen

Keeping tabs on clients social media and web presence

Proofreading and editing of press releases and written statements to reporters

Interacting with members of the media on behalfof Ms. Horowitz.

Served as back-up for the assistants of Howard and Steven Rubenstein, President and Founder of the company.

Receptionist / Administrative Assistant Jun 2012 to Oct 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Served as liasion for visitors (many high profile) with building security
© Handked heavy phone, in-person, and email traffic.

© Arranged catering for large events, including celebrity lincheons, board meetings, product testing, and employee training.
* Coded to department, scanned, organized and sent company invoices (fromall branches) to accounts payable.

© Maintained extensive records for offsite inventory of company-wide filing and storage system

Assistant Store Manager Dec 2010 to Apr 2012

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Started as Seasonal Sales in Washington DC, and worked way up to Assistant Store Manager of NYC Flagship

Generated impressive sales figures, we were regularly the top-selling store in the United States.

Communicated with customers, employees and other individuals to answer questions and exphin information regarding product and sales.
Reported the store's financial performance every evening, ina report sent not only to US managerrent, but to headquarters in London.
Reconciled and reported discrepancies found in records.

Trained new employees on brand focus and operations Implemented creative new displays

Worked alongside head of US PR in order to prepare for spring trunk shows, and arrange the loan of merchandise to magazines for
publicity.

Office Coordinator May 2010 to Aug 2011
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

CEN es PCs greg ennened cation hina Om enancrvei the crce em DAMON MCKINACITE cm Mieuctel|

* Managed the front desk, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
¢ Handkd medical records, driver's log and vehicle check-out

© Created a schedule for the airport pick-up and drop-off students in the progam
