CITY CARRIER ASSISTANT
beeliecreral RSTn risa

A results-oriented, service-driven psychology professional who is an analytic problem solver capabke of insightful decision making, A skilled
troubleshooter abke to synthesize disparate pieces of data, draw meaningfill conclusions, and execute a concise implementation plan. An astute
ese Rroe Een eC ERE Cale cne cu ce Var Ren bl ck uc Pee cy) Nome aneisicluegewn neta ict
working effectively in highly pressurized workplace settings filled with shifting priorities and tight time-frames. An influential consensus builder
possessing finely honed interpersonal ability with a proven record of exhibiting personal integrity at all organizational levels.

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel), SPSS (Research Data), Public Relations, Crisis Management, Relationship
Buikling, Project Management, Customer Service, Quality Consciousness, and Attention to Details.

ure ecrerapoucr anes

Septerrber 2014 to Current

Company Name City , State City Carrier Assistant

¢ Established long-term custonrr rehtionships through prompt and courteous service.

CO oro silom oye beccnincka la ciaiincd

© Met and surpassed productivity targets and quality standards.

¢ Obtained signatures needed to compkete and process all paperwork ina timely manner.
© Handied merchandise in accordance with product handling standards.

© Loaded and unloaded merchandise at stores and vendor locations..

January 2014 to Current
Company Name City , State Event Ambassador

© Developed professional and sustaimable relationships with adult and youth clients.

© Promoted events before, during and after its scheduled timefrarre.

¢ Attended client events and assisted with setup, cleanup and presentations.

© Remnined engaged with clients and event attendees to assist with any questions or concems.
Parte) occeolncoiemaisileynenaneteemrcuncay ect otros

October 2013 to December 2013
Company Name City , State Stock Clerk

¢ Selected products for specific routes according to pick sheets.
© Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping,

© Transported goods ftomracks, shelves and vehicks.

© Worked ata rapid pace to meet tight deadlines.

May 2012 to August 2012
LOO ANH OEE nL CPCCA Rec itas

Enforced company policy and demonstrated integrity in facilitating cash and credit transactions ensuring a smooth daily operation.

PEC ron E Sand mare uIee Oe aL os eee geciercinitied wea cee ea uede Seon rete eal|
prograrss positively contributing to the company;s profitability and good will.

CB Nod cncreS ogee tne eeccc RN oceORnisene Teens Aive ees ane

May 2009 to August 2011
Company Name City , State Stock Clerk

¢ Displayed advertising signs and visuals of merchandise to attract customers and promote saks.

¢ Stocked shelves with merchandise and inventoried items to be reordered or replenished.

« Answered customers’ questions about merchandise and advised them on merchandise selections.
¢ Safely operated manual and ekctric pallet jacks.

¢ Praised by mamgement for being a fast and efficient worker, requiring little supervision.

© Broke down heavy pallet loads of cases, boxes and bags.

May 2008 to August 2008
Company Name City , State Cashier/Host

Oca E Rc ccul cI ERUO AIM LO MET eBoy cae RcConinces Ono aad

Accurately operated cash registers for POS transactions with cash and credit.

AY Glelbbnce Bol tanccote dl Pcie berce emer ein suice erst coe SIR eSTi eS nem

Faeanlons ed ecku ran nsiLa Rincon cond nouns Cec iine Buavenivedli ge caus ce Rur imo eacll oie
Cleaned and mintained the beverage area, display cases, equipment, and order transaction area
