MARKETING COORDINATOR

Professional Summary

Marketing Coordinator offering 10 years' experience. Capable and focused on delivering high quality service. Proactive team phyer and coaching
abilities. Excellent attention to details. Well organized and self motivated. Focus on process improverrent. Strong time management skills and
ability to work under pressure, meet tight timelines and manage multiple tasks simultaneously. Skilled at developing and maintaining effective
Coe ibesi bee iba Wielcicm moa etre inertial

Skills
© Marketing phn
Caw fceram gat)
* Budgeting
Or eosiieoa ghee * Contract negotiation, Project management
e Rehtions ¢ Database, Promotional miterials
* Strategic communications * Management, Proofreading
© Brand Management * Special events, Public Relations
Cee Sheree iausewnets CARO} tiem reli
© Public Relations Campaign * Inventory, Relations
¢ Public Relations Writing « Logistics, Publicity
* Publicity © Marketing strategies, Research
© Retail promotions © Marketing plan, Retail
© Time mangement * Marketing, Saks
© Proofreading CAB Gliccanciieslo ug
Crosman aoe * Marketing communications, Strategic
Cr keor nm Oresiirsne * Marketing and communications, Time management
* Brand Management, Organizational © Materials, Trade shows
¢ Brochures, Presentations CR ectawcaaitercmm icles ate)
Cee cireaca he CI eaunecMeaemecucs)
© Budget, Press releases © News rekases
¢ Budgeting, Pricing
© Competitive, Producing
© Content, Profit
Work History

Marketing Coordinator , 02/2017 to Current
[Oo rae ee cat OV am uboien cue)

Coordinate and implement monthly US promotional circulars adaptations to PR Market by do translation, pricing and audit report.
Impkment marketing and advertising campaigns.

Bicles alain etenle geerercicmtisoas1 COe a ietislecam

Liaised with Marketing Manager to manage and deliver marketing and communications plans.

Work with Marketing Manager to determine budget distribution and manage expenses to that budget.

Compiled product, market and customer data to forecast accurate sales and profit projections.

Perform competitive researches by identifying and evaluating product characteristics, pricing and advertising.

Support pricing team on PR Market pricing strategy.

Mee cp ite houe nasa arm omliccuLceme)euCmatcnencke ese inert a

Coordinate creation and printing of intemal marketing material requests.

Keeps promotional materials ready by coordinating requirements with graphics department; inventorying stock; placing orders; verifying
faecal

« Assist and support 11 PR Stores when necessary for events such as grand openings or other special events.

* Establish and nnintain effective communication and working relations with internal and extemal partners.

Marketing Coordinator , 02/2015 to 02/2017
Company Name 4€“ Puerto Rico

© Coordinating marketing projects and activities as requested.

* Provide support to marketing department.

© Preparing marketing reports with descriptive briefsummary and visual evidence ofall local activities to share with the manufacturer in
Chica

Develop marketing communications campaigns.

Preparing marketing and advertising strategies, plans, and objectives; planning and organizing promotional presentations.
Ensure that messages are supportive of and consistent with marketing strategies.

Coordinate flow of information and communication and disseminate it according to plan strategy.

Producing additional marketing communications, such as flyers, brochures and exhibition-related projects.

Work with manager and business units to determine budget and manage expenses to that budget.

Identify, develop and execute communications strategy for key media contacts and customer references.

Research media coverage and industry trends.
