PUBLIC RELATIONS LIAISON/SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Professional Summary

Driven and compassionate healthcare professional with 15 years hands-on experience in fast-paced corporate, medical facilities and hospital
environments. Versed in Employee Management and Leadership, Public Relations, Event Coordination and Management, Sakes and Marketing,
Account Management, Business Relations, Office Management, Database Managerrent, Public Speaking, Human Resources Professional and

COT poesia ay com
Skill Highlights

© Staffing management ability CMSetncRicecs sibs

* Proven patience and self-discipline © Staff training and development

© Motivation techniques specialist © Effectively influences others

CEA iiergeieasneslcaw PER OMincienvcianecsleoaisinyibg

© Conflict resolution * Critical thinking proficiency

¢ Government relations knowledge © Fundraising and myjor donor development

® Personal and professional integrity « Relationship and team building
Professional Experience

Public Relations Lixisor/Sales Representative 08/2014 to 04/2015 Company Name City , State

Responsible for communications between medical professionals and health care organizations and their stakeholders.

Provide information to the public and build relationships with medical groups and govermment agencies such as Miami-Dade Fire
Department, Work Force, Miami-Dade Court House, South Dade Government Center, Miami-Dade Police Department, Miami-Dade
Public Library, Miami-Dade Public Schools including elementary, middle and high schools, Palmetto Bay City Hall and Mayor's Office,
Cutler Bay City Hall, Homestead City Hall, Florida City Mayor's Office, Perdue Medical Center, Jackson South Hospital, Healthsouth
Rehabilitation Center, Miami-Dade Blackpoint Water & Sewer, Turkey Point Power Plant, etc.

Aimed to build a greater understanding of health care issues to encourage the public to adopt healthier lifestyles.

Contacted potential customers at hospitals, clinics, doctors’ offices, rehab facilities, and nursing homes to present medical products and
fortis ihe te

Asrange appointments with doctors, pharmacists and hospital medical tears.

Daim ce niveau nMmnMCein i ies cS ILO Mller cam bein LuederVep ets eSKS IE Lee anUescuely

Eine Brasthoeecmrperet Lesley

Perform product demonstrations, installations, and application support.

Improve product knowledge and techniques.

Travel throughout assigned territory to support physicians and staff with patient evaluation through the utilization of Milenniumts medical
prodtxts.

Research competitors.

Gather, analyze and deliver information from the field to allow the company to develop strategies and products appropriated to the Quality
and Safety Testing market.

Coordinate all issues with key clients between sales, service, support, customer services, marketing and finance.

Take orders and disburse receipts.

EUR er The ReclOR etl Lana

Help in the installation and set-up of equipment.

Stay informed about the activities of health services ina particular area.

Area Manager/Conmumity Relations Coordinator 09/2009 to 09/2014 Company Name City , State

In charge of the operational activities, partnership development, community liaison and goal attainment within the assigned territory consisting
of Palmetto Bay, Cutler Bay, Goulds, and Perrine (Zone 1B).

Managing monthly goals through the community support of blood drives based.

Allblood drives coordinated three months in advance to meet projected unit usage.

Analyze area demographics to ensure the projection accuracy per day is adequate for each blood drive based on the area's blood need.
Deferral percentage rate and donor population factored in to increase likelihood of success.

Foster good relationships with area groups as the community liaison.

Educate local contacts regarding Oneblood's mission and purpose of providing my assigned territory with a safe and robust blood supply.
Conduct presentations to large business groups and gatherings with the goal of instilling the giving mentality for them to donate blood.
Instructing the community on the importance of their blood donation for the purpose of saving lives, the pros and cons of giving blood,
specific area cases that their donation supported and other relevant information that motivates giving.

Attend and network at local community events to create new liaisons with organizations that do and may support our company.

Provide information to the public and build relationships with medical groups and govermment agencies such as Miami-Dade Fire
Department, Work Force, Miami-Dade Court House, South Dade Government Center, Miami-Dade Police Department, Miami-Dade
Public Library, Miami-Dade Public Schools including elementary, middle and high schools, Palmetto Bay City Hall and Mayor's Office,
Cutler Bay City Hall, Homestead City Hall, Florida City Mayor's Office, Perdue Medical Center, Jackson South Hospital, Healthsouth
Rehabilitation Center, Miami-Dade Blackpoint Water & Sewer, Turkey Point Power Plant, etc.

Create goodwill by helping the communities in my assigned territory through the coordination of food and toy drives for the underprivileged,
