EDITOR
Summary

Detail-oriented and organized. Accurate and well versed in database managerrent. Strong organizational, technical and analytical skills.
Successfilly manages multiple data entry projects at once. Goes above and beyond given job responsibilities to achieve superior results and
Riana nlikeer cima R CeiaG magus Meet cot Rei eee IMaria eae Pin mCecinCR MECC y marie an

Highlights
© Strong Financial Administration
© Grant Managenent
Rae cihecw@olcai ute ¢ Hun Resources Administration
© Goal Planning * Workshop and Orientation Presentations
© Business and Office Administration  ¢ Excellent Organization Skills
CREO ririneerniceet| Cae celnecelesBuenicxelecs Leva @Oliiced weer
© Team Leadership * Pleasant demeanor
CE ong ie aniceag © Filing and data archiving
POI omcanaeme natal
schivor anes
Editor Sep 2002 to Current

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Oversee Layout, design and content of featured publications.

Yo Seg aishanaicrmls melo icclmeetc Uduniteeste ened ia
Generate ideas for feature articles with the writing staff
Commission work by freelance and in-house writers.

Manage writing staffand lise with artists and photographers.
Asrange for copyright permissions.

Raise the profile of the magazine.

Network and recruit for sponsorships.

Sictuena nla eae Ret hae Reer el ines

Bookkeeping Specialist Jun 2012 to Oct 2014
Company Name i City , State

Financial Administration and Oversight of...

Accounts receivable (A/R) and accounts payable (A/P).
Ue lracreee lice ke

Monthly records/planning/reconciliation ofall bank accounts.
Daily invoices and primary databases.

Reimburserments and petty cash.

Hummn resources procedures.

Maintaining updated vohmteer database.

Contract revision.

Public Relations Administrator/Bookkeeper Aug 2006 to Feb 2009
Company Name i City , State

Manage public outreach, recruitment and relations with sponsoring/supporting community programs and events.
Conduct group and individual information meetings.

Assist potential sponsors with goal planning,

Assist in identifying and addressing barriers to compkte established goals.

Develop and present goal setting workshops and orientations.

Provide bookkeeping support while managing database and conducting relevant analysis.

Project Manager (Profession Opportunity Grant for Immigration/Refiigee Recipients Apr 2003 to Jan 2006
Company Name i City , State

Provide resource information for potential students and participants ready for career search.

Coordinate with professional organization and post-secondary education institutions to recruit and attract skilled job seekers for the grant
poor

Assist clients in commaumication with government agencies regarding Immigration/Refiigee paperwork.

[erase Venom CREM CCM CCcOe or luecoc LG CUCMMIES RI ire stueece ig utiin

Supervise and evaluate project stafi

Managenent ofall grant-related activities including budget and spending projections.
