AUC

Summary

Tam seeking an oppurtunity to give me the experience I would need to obtain a highly rewarding job in the filmand documentary field. I want to
work in an intellectually stimulating environment whilst being challenged and improving upon the skills necessary to move up in the professional
work. A skilled student with experience working production and photography for a small business, holding leadership positions, and organizing
events within small communities; providing excellent communication skills and task oriented work in both group settings and professional
environments. A hardworking film student who prioritizes working on set, career, and a stimulating leaming environment.

Skills

Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint proficient

NTioemto ikea rnnitedte et)

Quick keamer

RGrem receive)

FA be ene rl

Energetic and organized

FN ere Oem eerste

Jaume reece

Ryo S ie eltctice

Independent worker

schivor anes
Ait
September 2016 to Current Company Name

Covered many varsity sporting events as well as pieces on teams and people within the Chapman Athletics program

Provided analytics and insight as well as game commentary.

Showed knowledge and experience in sports as well as eloquent writing abilities.

Morrentarily ran the Chapman fashion blog, tackling the presence of cultural differences and self-expression on campus.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS Major projects include: recruiting clients, finding contact informtion, and following up on potential wholesak
boas

Osten eke Nee Lacs Oem geo BRU UUR OL me ceccenece braid ain tiem

Produced and photographed new products to enhance the brand.

Product inspection to ensure highest possible quality.

Inventory control: restocked and organized items as necessary and as directed for company efficiency.

Ran many community and schoohvide events at my high school including "Rock the Vote" where we brought in political figures fromall
around Orange County to educate young voters and answer questions.

Production and marketing intem
April 2016 to Septerrber 2017 Company Name

© I've been working as a photographer and website designer for over a year; aiding in the production of merchandise, marketing, inventory
oversight, recruiting of wholesale clients, and processing orders.

© Talso spent a significant amount of time cleaning, packaging and labeling outgoing orders as well as working overtime in the evenings to
ensure customer satisfaction by appeasing clientele time restrictions and pushing our own deadlines for product release dates.

* I monitored the photo studio for adequate quantities of supplies and conducted all photoshoots ina calmand professional demeanor while
collaborating with buyers to guarantee product satisfaction and reliable advertising.

© Participated in conventions where skills in sales were necessary to break even affer travel expenses.

Ue id osbenelicas
March 2015 to June 2016 Company Name

© Conceptualized and wrote project brie& to jump start efforts toward lack of traffic on website/media outlets.

Created the look and feel of the organizations online presence in social media forums.

Designed unique print materials including advertisements, brochures, and logo designs.

Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic mteriab.

Coordinated commumity and school wide events and made sure there were no gaps in project planning,

© Was in charge of communication between student government, administration, the school's broadcast program, and the schoo! newspaper.

March 2015 to June 2016 Company Name

© Prepared equipment for all operations.

© Verified that all mformmtion was readily available and displayed correctly.

© Created concepts for advertisements and promotional videos and carried them out thoughtfillly.

* Collected data and opinions followed by the air date of the video to improve upon my own work.

¢ Ensured that the message of promotional strategies was received as intended and followed all guidelines.
CEA itiredicm marci Re dies lan eeMinLobnemua gene Rees ae BA een
