SENIOR FOOD DEFENSE ANALYST
Summary

Experience as public relations professional, strategist, analyst, and publicist. Strong influencing skills to achieve positive outcomes in a wide variety
ofareas. Creative and strategic thinker to develop results-driven programs. Excellent organizational skills and able to adapt to multiple assignments
and deadlines in a frequently-changing enviromment. Effective ability to develop and mnintain extensive network of contacts. Significant experience
generating, implementing, and managing strategic programs and promotional outreach. Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication
skills with strong attention to detail, Capability to work independently and with a variety of partners to achieve goals.

Highlights
* Extensive experience conducting public relation activities to
promote effective communications with the media and
stakehoklers. Developed strategic outreach plans for significant
programs to include public speaking opportunities, media articles, * Served as USDA Detaike to the Federal Bureau of Investigation

guidance materiak, distribution, talking points, and presentations. Weapons of Mass Destruction Directorate's Infrastructure
Countermeasures Unit as a Subject Matter Expert (SME)
© Project Manager for numerous initiatives to include assessments providing direction, guidance, and technical assistance on food
conducted on food commodity systems. Perform oversight and defense issues. Initiated and impkmented mitigation strategies
keadership of the process and review of written reports to assure and outreach activities for multiple stakehoklers, domestic and
that they meet the operational goals and objectives of the Pilseaiber lisa na Lela oleate cam rccL ice

assessirent. Utilize outcomes to develop and execute mitigation
strategies and outreach and training initiatives by building a
collaborative environment with appropriate stakehoKlers.

Accomplishments

Serve as the Agency Iead on an interagency team designing and conducting a global food defense outreach initiative to promote awareness and
impkeentation of food defense measures by providing technical assistance to foreign governments, academia, and industry. This initiative has been
highly successful m building capacity and sustainability at country and regional levels around the work. In environment of budgetary cuts, initiated
Pinetree imei decode ere tio MYRRH IE Enos Omi emo cetsenirinem nia pe bre@ucaticuens) Siem cay ercia
Received a prestigious team award from the Food and Drug Administration for work on this initiative.

schivor anes
Senior Food Defense Analyst Dec 2003 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Serve as Subject Matter Expert and Detailee to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for initiation and implementation of outreach

activities for supporting countermeasures to prevent intentional contamination of the food supply.

Agency lead on an interagency team responsible for designing and conducting training and outreach to foreign governments, academia, and

industry. Acted as communications liaison for internal tears.

Successfillly initiated integration of the FBI as a partner resulting in law enforcement elements and fimding added to initiative.

© With increased budget constraints by all federal agencies, manage and coordinate the eflrt to promote international outreach Established

long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies to help achieve them to attract additional federal agencies as partners for future

support and fimding, Developed the strategy, proposal, and supporting material, to include proposed budgets.

A kading expert on policies and strategies to address global supply chain vulnerabilities.

Influenced senior leadership resulting in significant fimding for major international initiative

Established long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies to help achieve them.

Routinely conduct senior level briefings to intelligence and law enforcerrent, foreign, academic, and industry officials; and congressional staff

Managed the editorial content, design and distribution of the extemal agency newsletter.

Cultivated positive relationships with stakehokers through public relations campaigns. Develop outreach materials for various audiences,

training, public speaking engagernents, media coverage, and distribution mechanisms.

© Research and author reports, articles, issue papers, and talking points for senior officials, and respond to congressional and White House

see Hess

Demonstrate advanced interpersonal skills by leading intra- and interagency work groups to build partnerships to develop, coordinate, and

sien vane en eel eatnecm

« Analyze information froma variety of sources to advise senior agency leadership on short-term and long-range strategic planning and policy
Clave)

© Serve as liaison to the intelligence and law enforcement commumities, which have strengthened communication and coordination prograrrs.

© Project Manager on activities to develop and execute strategies, outreach, and training initiatives.

© Created information sharing agreements with international partners to facilitate the mutual exchange of classified information and coordination

of activities to leverage resources.

Developed communications strategies and programs, including project time lines. Conferred with production, graphic design and web-

design personnel to coordinate production of communications materials.

Public Affairs Specialist Jan 2000 to Nov 2003
