OTN cig
Summary

Dynamic event planner and communications professional looking for the anti-desk job. My main passions in life are travel, food, and creating
events and experiences, specifically around food. I have lived all over the US and in multiple countries. I have worked in multiple restaurants,
although it is not reflected on my resume. I would be happy to send a list of the places I've worked. I spent six years working with chef and
authors in cookbook publishing world in NYC (Cooking with Italian Grandmothers (IACP and IPPY winner), Afield James Beard Nominated),
Off the Menu, Primal Cuts, Made in America). I also worked for JustFood.org under Jessica Gaffney (Former Director of Marketing on multiple
events). I planned The Butcher's Guild conference in Napa. I created a workshop in Chicago called Sustainable: Cities at a cooking school, as
part of the Off the Menu book tour. I have been responsible for gamering press and sponsorship/partnerships for cookbooks and events.

Highlights
Worked on multiple events related to cookbooks and food, with JustFood.org, Ark Endeavors and ThrillistJack Threads.
Accomplishments

© Garmered extensive press for authors, experts, and products, over the course of six years in the publishing and PR spaces

© Created fumdreds of events around the country, including a small but successfull future of food conference in Chicago, over 50 restaurant
events at Italian restaurants across the country, over 50 restaurant events at restaurants who participated in our cookbooks, the butcher's
guid conference in Napa, worked with the marketing director at JustFood.org to create a great experience at GoogaMooga, and worked
with Thrillist to create The Culmary Road Trip (brought in chef fromall over the country to oflér LA a food experience they couldn't get in

firaim ore eratce) m
schivor anes

Company Name April 2015 to Current Owner
lena El CG

¢ Currently working with a Boulder-based publisher, a fitness expert (social media only), and a chef with a non-profit.
Cire eatnicalteey

* Social media strategy, email marketing using MailChimp, press outreach using Cision and research,

¢ Exampk Press Placements: Daily Mail, Inside Edition (pending), Narratively, New York Daily News...

Company Name Septerrber 2014 to May 2015 Publicist and Account Manager
lena El CG

© Identified client needs through market research and analysis.

Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked public relations activities.

Evaluated and managed new strategic business opportunities.

Expanded product and company recognition in the national press to support the sales and marketing eflorts.

ONiccbo dnc ebeobetnopicel cm iicy

Created a social media strategy, including contests and giveaways, with various clients.

Exampk Press Placements; The Boston Globe, Time Magazine, The Daily Mail, New York Daily News, NPR Marketplace, Forbes.
com, Today.com, Womrn's Health, Success Magazine.

Company Name March 2014 to September 2015 Event Logistics Manager & Communications Coordinator
lena El CG

Logistics manager for all events with Thrillst Media Group including: Best Day of Your Life, Thrillst Culinary RoadTrip, Mixxtails Man Cave (in
cooperation with Bud Light).

Brought on for the busy season.

Company Name March 2014 to September 2014 Communications and Events Coordinator
lena El CG

© Worked hand-in-hand with the founders to create and produce an annual conference.
© Successfillly identified and landed sponsorships.

© Reached out to all three hundred members to ensure their attendance and contributions to conference.

CW AsLoembeuam

© Manged communications in cooperation with co-founders.

Company Name March 2013 to March 2014 Communications Manager, Project Manager and Product Manager
lena El CG

@ Defined nmiect and camnany visinn stratesies and tactics
