PUBLIC RELATIONS ASSISTANT

Professional Summary

My past experiences in academic and employment settings have developed the traits necessary for me to become an important team member in
your organization. I amseeking a position that affords skill development and career advancerrent. I consider myselfto be an excellent
communicator, while being a creative thinker and a strong problem solver.

Core Qualifications

Public Relations, Marketing, Event Planning and Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest & Google+) *Microsoft
Office: Excel, Word, Power Point and Publisher Systems: Raiser’s Edge and POD

schivor anes

Sati beg astbenowaccicienn

AT PARE OR Otc a Gon snarl ay LOLNemsraiCc)

iosHlecm bene ala Leiomcaramicthm OMCCm lb uel Be DeCe ROB Lan

Coordinate interviews between reporters, Renfrew staffand Renfrew alumi.

Staffmedia shoots and serve as liaison between journalists and Renfrew stafE

Formuhte press releases, byline articles and media advisories.

Maintain and post creative and timely copy/content to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and Googlet: 4,900 likes on Facebook,
1,980 followers on Twitter, 1,320 followers on Instagram and 2,150 followers on LinkedIn.

lee aod a ecUneRvalmelecem alters naraa oka loan ayes eles cb ce Miles ecm

Prepare and send out "Industry News! to more than 300 company members,

Assistant Editor for our professional newsketter, Perspectives, and our alumni newsletter, Connections.

Plan and execute our annual social media campaign ‘Barefaced & Beautiful, Without & Within' during National Eating Disorder Awareness
Week: create copy/content for all social media platforms; track social media progress across all platforms; coordinate media interviews;
work with all sites to organize various activities for patients and staffto participate in.

(A iintes poe B reine kc nas err emel Mer R Rta el bar tom

Prepare post alumi eventAvebinar recap reports.

Help plan and staff our annual alumi reunion in June for more than 300 attendees: schedule meetings and take minutes; vendor coordination
including Renfrew maintenance; help generate they, title, giveaway item, menu and workshops.

Help plan and staff our annual professional conference in Noverrber for more than 500 attendees: coordinate staff registration; organize
media training for Renfrew staff point person for media in attendance.

Assist the Northeast Region of Professional Relations Representatives.

DUS) Fem aah ooPaCe inne hematin
January 2013 to July 2013 Company Name

Assisted the Public Relations Manager with all aspects of public relations including uploading placements to the website, attended local
media shoots and media trainings, formulated press releases and prepared the ‘industry news.' Helped maintain and post to Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram: 3,000 Likes on Facebook, 900 followers on Twitter and 160 followers on Instagram.

Assisted with the planning and execution of our annual social media campaign ‘Barefaced & Beautifull, Without & Within! during National
Eating Disorder Awareness Week.

Assisted the Alunmi Relations Manager with all aspects of alumni relations including the planning of workshops, community events and Nor
bet elerart aD Cat Ot

Assisted with the planning and execution of our annual alumi reunion including meeting minutes, vendor coordination including Renfrew
maintenance, and the post-event recap report.

Utilized Raisers Edge, our Ahumnt Database Entry System to assist with inquires and the development of accounts.

Helped plan and staff our annual professional conference in November for more than 500 attendees.

Assisted all 12 Professional Relations Representatives across our 13 sites with various duties including fulfilling literature requests as well as
other administrative and clerical tasks.

Wola cahnoraCuimiectirl i peweCcialt
September 2011 to Jamary 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Assisted the Director of Marketing with various office duties including editing, copying, inventory, meeting minutes, research, and mailings as
well as all aspects of event planning including our annual conference, alurmi reunion, road shows, and commumity events.

Assisted the Senior Marketing Coordinator with all aspects of advertising, sponsorships as well as free and paid listings.

Helped monitor Facebook and Twitter: 2,000 Likes on Facebook and 400 followers on Twitter.

Utilized POD, our Professional Database System and Raisers Edge, our Alurmi Database System to assist with inquires and the

Glate ser ae meee Cro e IECeEuuNUrl at dacB leh CisKE Leer iG lat sem

Assisted all 10 Professional Relations Representatives across our 11 sites with various duties including fulfilling literature requests as well as
other administrative and clerical tasks.

brairestbeny

MBA: Social Media Marketing , 2014 Rutgers University Social Media Marketing
Bachelor of Arts Degree : 2011 Public Relations Penn State University

2007 High Schoo! Graduate St. Hubert Catholic High School for Girls

Additional Information
