PUBLIC INFORMATION MANAGER, SR.

Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access; Knowledge of Mac and PC. Professional Strong written and verbal
skills; project managerrent skills; detail oriented team player; research skills.

schivor anes

SUE Dom ilourse weit owemcly

July 2006 to Current Company Name

* Responsible for media relations for the City’s Department of Watershed Management (DWM) to proactively ensure timely and accurate

coverage including developing press releases, media alerts, and traffic advisories; provide talking points and briefings for DWM

Commissioner and Deputy Commissioners for media interviews; monitor and track media coverage for accuracy, analysis and identification

of potential issues; crisis communication resolution; generate updates for the Departrrent's Atlantawatershed.org website and DWM's social

media pages to provide continuous information to impacted stakeholders.

Provide daily media updates to the Mayor's Office of Communications to develop strategies to manage news coverage.

Develop and implement commumications plans for DWM drinking water and wastewater construction and green infrastructure projects to

include comprehensive public relations and outreach efforts to ensure effective citizen notification and involvement.

© Past and present projects include: Peoplestown Flooding Response (Southeast Atlanta Green Infrastructure Initiative, including
One Uo e cee hCeniureloneiciem winnie iiest bel Omnicom ik GUGM erom a treme iteM
permeabke pavers project in the City of Atlanta); Green Stormwater Infrastructure Task Force; FEMA Floodphin Maps; Automated Meter
Reading programy Georgia Tech-Midtown Water Main Repkcement Project; Camp Creek Sewer Capacity Relief Project, and citywide
Valves and Hydrants Assessment and Location Project.

© Manage the public outreach activities for the Sewer System Evaluation Survey (SSES) and Sewer Rehabilitation Program and provide

management and direction for a team of contract Public Information Managers and Public Information Officers.

Write articles for highlighting Watershed Managemnnt initiatives in industry trade publications, including Georgia Engineer.

Plan and execute press and special events related to construction projects, commumity activities and vendor/contractor.

Graduate of the City of Atlanta's.

Nom Welaag
January 2010 to January 2011 Company Name

¢ Winner of the 2012 H2Oscars Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role ina Construction Project for roke in project public
relations and communications management.

Assistant Public Relations Manager Special Projects Writer
March 2005 to June 2006 Company Name

* Executive messaging for Airport General Manager and Atlanta Mayor - researched information and developed speeches and talking points
for Aviation General Manager, Deputy General Manager and other executive staff members for formal presentations, weekly press
eoaranacw eb uel am nar Ne

© Contributing writer for Airport's monthly on-line newsktter, HJN News.

© Managed Department of Aviation's Speakers Bureau and assisted in the coordination of Hartsfield-Jackson Airport press events and
managed orrsite media.

Senior Public Relations and Information Specialist
May 2000 to March 2005 Company Name

* Researched, wrote and edited speeches and talking points for Transportation Board members and GDOT senior managerrent.
Developed presentations and created press materials including press releases, fact sheets, newspaper commentaries and pitch letters.
(Keo imlatrebr ined acacaeecicsey

Developed and participated in community outreach campaigns.

Monitored and reported legislative activities during the Georgia General Assemblies.

Media relations responsibilities including monitoring media coverage of Department and other transportation related issues.

Worked closely with media to answer inquiries and meet media needs in an accurate, timely and professional manner.

Served as orrcall, emergency Department spokesperson.

Wrote feature articks for Departmental publications, including personnel newsketter.

brairestbeny

Masters of Public Administration Troy University

Bachelor of Arts : English University of Georgia English

Work History

Company Name

Company Name

Company Name

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Public Relations Society of America - Georgia Chapter (Candidate for Accreditation in Public Relations certification) Black Public Relations
Society of Atlanta - 2013 National Convention Planning committee Junior League of DeKalb County - Public Relations & Technology Chair
