UNIT PUBLICIST

Summary
To utilize and firther develop the skills acquired through significant work experience in the fields of public relations, marketing, advertising, fashion
and event planning, [Willing to travel]
Skill Highlights
Ce (csleBisslteicy © Enthusiastic and dedicated team player
* Special events phnnng © Problemsolving
© Public relations expert © Exceptional writer
Cie grecamnsliarand © Organized and efficient
* Promotionalcampaigns © Deadline-driven
schivor anes
12/2010 to 05/2015

Unit Publicist Company Name 1 City , State

© Secured coverage by both broadcast and print media outlets.
© Coordinated press tours on filmset, and planned red carpet screening with FOX2 Detroit.

11/2014 to 01/2015
Freelance Publicist, Manager New Business Development Company Name i City , State

© Wrote press releases and conducted media outreach, and collaborated on intemal marketing materials.
© Strategized new business opportunities, and established communication with potential new clients.
© Counseled on film industry and public relations procedures.

SAUCER Cs)
Freelance Social Media Marketing Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Developed social media strategies and content calendars for all client accounts.

* Managed social media sites and posted content daily across social media phtfons.

¢ Surveyed the Internet for brand related topics of conversation, engaged in dialogue and tracked customer issues.
OP AliaetCanalecees besser crneRancLan ate

04/2013 to 06/2013
Freelancer Company Name i City , State

* Conducted media outreach for several client initiatives, monitored for media coverage and executed research,
© Produced social media posts on behalfof clients via Pinterest, Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Ce Dictifcebo eccmie eaieceh molceniiee Ray els Anualathie eiiccs

01/2012 to 04/2012
Production Assistant/Volunteer Company Nam i City , State

* Created social media and marketing campaigns for Michigan F.A.S.H.

Zea

Wrote press releases, compiled media lists and comprehensive targeted databases.

Reviewed Michigan F.A.S.H.

Fest website for accuracy, troubleshot computer, network and communication issues.

© Attended and documented numerous client meetings, set up and staffed several promotional events.

AUER OLE
Office Manager Company Name 14 City , State

© Employed marketing and public relations campaigns; coordinated speaking engagements; cultivated social media presence; developed
company website and, successfully executed a Search Engine Optimization (SEO) phtform

© Managed staff, handled all financial components of business, oversaw day-to-day business operations, built and maintained patient
relationships.

12/2010 to 07/2011
Costume Designer Company Name i City , State

© Developed wardrobes, footwear, accessories and other materials.
© Supervised costume fittings with cast members and made alterations.

© Studied script and story lines to conceptualize appropriate costume styles.

© Ensured design concepts provided by the director and producer were achieved.

08/2008 to 10/2008
Assistant Style Writer/Event Producer/Stylist Company Name 1% City , State
