CUSTOMER REFERENCE PROGRAM MANAGER
Summary

Senior customer reference program manager focused on cultivating client relationships for the purpose of strengthening their engagement in order to
develop advocates for the company and solutions, consequently boosting sales and brand awareness.

UU The meta a clam eee BEE Re Ll aul C ese Cosee bo Co Ria a en eee LOE SIR SLL LL
with a demonstrated ability to interact with IT professionals and C-level executives.A

Highlights
¢ Customer engagement
Stakehokler relations

© Skilled negotiator

. Cie shonme)stonieeaencutih ot)

« B2Beustoner progans © Detail oriented, results driven
Ce suerte eel ME Me alcdhveteeneriinecie

* Probkmsolving © Leadership

schivor anes
Customer Reference Program Manager Nov 2010 to Current
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Manage global customer reference program for Manufacturing, Public Sector and Healthcare industries
© Secure and prepare approximately 400 reference participants each year for sales needs, public relations opportunities, analyst/media
interviews, and speaking engagements

© Recruitonboard customers to scale reference pipeline to support initiatives for corporate marketing, global campaigns, field marketing,

Rain Am COM Ne Desa eer ome MUClecMmell) Lena vet cmis ie ced onCMe Te RcaL oy

Directly impact approximtely $55M in sales annually

Effectively train sales tears on the identification of customer references and how to leverage advocates and their collateral to shorten the

sales cyck

¢ Partner with internal teams to develop compelling and strategic reference assets: customer profiles, custorrer slides, customer videos,
webcasts, and podcasts

Director, Public Relations Mar 2007 to May 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Managed the communication of marketing messages to defined target audiences for multiple high tech clients

© Wrote and distributed press releases and case studies; promoted news stories through print, online and broadcast media

* Developed lead generation programs with trade associations and industry publications through newsktter sponsorships, trade show
promotions and webcasts

Account Representative Sep 2005 to Mar 2007
Company Name i City , State

* Promoted, marketed and sold custom imprinted marketing solutions.
CMP ACS Cia aoe rile Oe near slncehnege euclence nemedien sc uecm
© Generated $75k in new client sales in the first nine months.

Sr. Manager, Sales Intelligence Jan 2004 to Jan 2005
Company Name i City , State

Gathered and disseminated competitive intelligence. Analyzed win/loss data and formulated strategic counter-actions for sales tears.
Provided sakes analysis and support tools to workiwide channel partners, improving sakes performance and increasing revenues.
Established and managed an in-house reference management system serving global sales tears.

Secured customer contacts for public relations, fiekl marketing projects and sales. Delivered reference program metrics to management.
Managed the production of responses to sales RFIs and coordinated corporate site visits.

Manager, Corporate Communications Jan 1999 to Jan 2004
Company Name i City , State

© Increased corporate visibility and improved corporate/product branding through public relations and advertising.
© Expanded press relations, increasing the company's editorial placements by 150%.

¢ Managed $1M annual budget for media buys, including broadcast, print and digital.

© Supervised analyst relations including research inquiries and corporate presentations.

* Coordinated press release pipeline, editing and distribution to wire and trade publications.

¢ Directed the strategic planning and re-design of corporate web site and customer portal.
