RETAIL SALES CONSULTANT
Stareretag

Join a Company that allows me to add my knowledge, values and professional experience to its staffin order to serve its customers while meeting
and surpassing Company expectations and engaging in tasks that promote challenge, accountability and both personal and collective improvement.
Willing to relocate.

Highlights

Word, Internet, Windows, Power Point, Microsoft Office, and PhotoShop.- PC and Mac phtfons.
Experience

08/2014

Retail Sales Consultant Company Name - City , State

01/2011 to 01/2014

Communications, Public Relations & CSR Manager Company Name - City , State

© Media, Community and strategic Public Relations.- Corporate Social Responsibility.

Cr auiosvinlconcs

© Coordination and production ofevents.- Social Media accounts creation and management.

© Photography and video production for Social Media channels

CBW rieteceRurs keer nied etm

CB Snivisroekoeunwa enone Teens Mike oicmeoumeneuiaal cere bec Ba cecal cc

© Pkanned and publicized events, including negotiating vendor contracts and designing promotional materials.
¢ Press conferences, media tours, in-stores, and special events.

012011 to 012012
Odie esto mun aoa oe aD senenalyiinam Gen sci aki ee OI eI

© Host of tekvision program'Del Campo a a Mesa’.

¢ Production assistant.

Ce cnloidreceRo lou uencned me aeesiecmuikdancenenecelsBcunteson nad
© Incharge ofsponsorship and establishing commercial alliances.

CO PACU ere eto
Communications, Public Relations & CSR Manager Company Name - City , State

In charge ofall internal and external communications.

Company spokesperson and ambassador.

I ese em Om Brice ay ccm Oonreiinatne kee aemeane ab erce

Coordination and production of events.

Responsible of developing and establishing strategic alliances with groups and agencies including the Office of the First Lady, the Puerto
ORO CHAO UMNO oem ETC OR Coe ue oe Dune ae nliecal ree uNreew\y icctei te etme d|
the Puerto Rico Museum of Art.

© Responsible of all Corporate Social Responsibility public initiatives.

© Responsibk of establishing alliances with community-based and nor-profit groups, including United Way, American Cancer Society, the
Anrrican Red Cross, Boys & Girls Clubs, Habitat for Humanity, Deaf Community, and FundaciA’n Comunitaria, among others.

Xe since ero oa neccec iene coreg yeu le

Beane eravm ena cen ncaa Cee

Press conferences, media tours, in-stores, and special events.

Pod UNE OUR OR oem eed Bacal on

Responsible of obtaining more than $800,000 in solid publicity every year.

Media training for employees and store managers.

Local development and launch of corporate prograrrs, including: Recycling of Ekctronics, Employee Business Networks ['Best Buy Pride’
and 'Wonrn's Leadership Forunt], and the '@15' youth program

07/2005 to 07/2008
Media Relations Manager Company Nanr - City , State

Concept and impkmentation of brand image buikling and strengthening strategies to enhance and build corporate executives image and
brand imge.

Pe ules neared bul etecocrs coolers Oma Glia Alidacheciec Cmts Chel rertne|
FUROR ar Coe anT ea ralic

Responsible of obtaining more than $700,000 per year in positive, solid publicity.

Writing of press releases and official staterrents.

Corporate news suppkirents, targeted newsletters, and brochures for both intemal and external audiences.

Worked closely with the Walmart Fourdation (charities and community erpowenrent).

AM etuoe pec LHe meno e nou es Mears tance cial eekoansl)s
