EVENTS & PUBLIC RELATIONS LEADER

Summary

Taman Marketing Specialist that creates and executes first class corporate and store events, marketing plans, and social media content to support
stores sales objectives as well as company’s overall objectives. I am seeking a corporate event planning or marketing position. Planned multiple
events for new Scheels stores including a number of PR events as well as formal events. Major projects included social media development for our
26 stores and planning multiple expos and conferences.

schivor anes

12/2015 to Current

Events & Public Relations Leader Company Name i'/ City , State

© Colkborate with marketing leaders to understand store's markets and put together the best event and marketing plans for each region.

* Create an annual strategy of events that promote and align with stores goals and creates customer and store interactions.

© Lead the developrent and execution of strategic events, trade shows, demos, expos, event sponsorships, community mvolvement, and
eo lacannes

© Develop and execute marketing plans for events and other store promotions.

© Create event content for social media, blogs, in-store signage, radio and other traditional media.

Act as my own Project Manager when creating marketing plans for events by facilitating communication between vendors, agencies and

internal teams to ensure marketing plans are following timelines, brand standards, objections, and budgets.

Coordinate registration and payment procedures, promotional advertising and mailings and corporate sponsorship activities.

Foster excellent communication between internal tears as well as with Scheels stores.

Buy media (TV, radio, print, digital).

Dato emiciaeecbrslurbelelesace

J DrtneReoecoWWaelnetcetnemo nanan ot ce@ ee <\e cm

Conduct pre & post event evaluations to improve ROI of fiture events as well as improve quality and efléctiveness of marketing and

ot reese rental

12/2014 to 11/2015
Events Coordinator Company Name i City , State

Order, proofand create all marketing material for events and promotions.

Provide excellent service to Scheels stores and external vendors.

Write copy for marketing communications material.

Exampks include in-store signage, blog, press releases, Facebook events, radio and ermal blast.
Schedule speakers, vendors, and participants.

Coordinate event logistics & details, cluding registration and attendee tracking, presentation and materials support and pre- and post-event
ar alvelice

Hire staff to work the event, including security personnel and entertainment.

Organize all event logistics and act as an onsite manager for events.

Cakuhte budgets and ensure they are adhered to.

yvonne dem ire hquaacliecm Ra iemelivoe OomiEe mediation tected

UP EER ULC)
Ure ea mana Qn SINC CRT ALON MEI HLCG

Plan Grand Openings for finished healthcare, education and sports & recreations building projects.

Coordinated trainings, luncheons/dinners, business meetings, and travel arrangements.

Created and updated marketing content including proposals, brochures, invites and social media.

Prioritized, generated and tracked contracts, as requested by Project Managers, with sharp deadlines to ensure projects stay on timelines.
Invoiced large financial payments and assisted in tracking budgets with great attention to detail on multimillion dollar projects mostly in the
healthcare industry.

© Organized required catering service, venture and equipment setup for events including golf tournarrents, appreciation dinners and company
retreat.

Provided the highest level of customer service to customers and clients.

© Addressed customer questions, concems and needs ina professional manner.

PPPS BOT e)
Marketing & Events Intem Company Name 14 City , State

© Colkborated with team to strategically plan most profitable fimdraising events while creating awareness for our nom-profits mission.

© Proposed, purchased and assembled local advertising for events including radio, print and social,

© Delegated responsibly to intems before and during the events to rm seamless events.

© Coordinated event logistics, including registration and attendee tracking, presentation and materials support and pre and post-event
ar alvelice

* Created and update social media channels including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest.

07/2012 to 09/2012
Marketing Intem Company Name 14 City , State
