MARKETING & PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER

Ritperstag
DecisiveA Marketing Manager A who drives company growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies. Skilled at Bilan stad
trends and customer needs to develop highly-effective and targeted marketing campaigns. Experienced Restaurant Manager who oversaw a high-
volume, A multi-million dollar restaurant, Versed in planning daily operations, staffing and inventory feratesysanratla
Shennan

¢ Brand development * Operations management

¢ Brand recognition optimization «Full service restaurant background

© Knowledge of market trends ¢ Hiring and traning

© Quality kadership * Ability to handle fast-paced environment

Experience
MARKETING & PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER,
April2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

ey ea corel teen

4€¢ Develop and execute integrated campaigns to drive awareness, press, traffic and revenue, including public relations initiatives, social media
campaigns, promotions, partnerships, ona€ and offpremise events, giveaways and sponsorships.

&€¢ Drive creative brainstorms to generate bold, inventive ideas.

4€¢ Collaborate with restaurant teams, as well as corporate culinary, operations and accounting, to activate initiatives, determining budget, timeline,
staffing, training, and methodology for tracking and evaluation.

4€¢ Oversee multii€channel messaging and communications with current and prospective guests through ermil marketing, website, social media,
Perea Lemon EU Lem yunec keel aori Ere al nme ieructit’

Bids Diced mim lec pauee bt lbaueice curt cme nencuneaicl ome nadsmalnince rt Grane ttiem

Bao aE ne Nie beh Mea nana MONO mA LoL Rons er erom nor) Sudbcccmirec minting gerd Smite cy
imagers and executives; paid and unpaid filming opportunities; and celebrity chefappearances.

A€¢ Supervise the creation ofall regional public relations and marketing materials while maintaining consistent brand standards.

€¢ Represent The ONE Group and its brands at industry events and in the cultivation of local and regional relationships wih restaurant, hotel,
Ueki Mast NAE Lone Ruane Om TLS ISe

€¢ Develop and manage marketing budget, effective tracking and of costs and spending, executing promotional activities and programs within
agreed upon budget. Prepare, participate and ead marketing portion of P&Ls monthly.

4€¢ Monitor, review and report on all department activity and results.
&€¢ Manage up to three venues and its associated deliverables. Qualifications:
4€¢ Marketing or public relationsa€related degree or equivalent professional qualification, followed by mintmum ofS years industry experience.

4€¢ Experience in all aspects of developing and implementing marketing, advertising, public relations, digital and promotional programs to meet
brand objectives,

a€¢ Experience managing a team and/or multiple venues/departments.
4€¢ Positive self€starter with a strong sense of accountability and commitment to excellence.

PSNI SS VAN OUNCE NNT NGIEKS

April2012 to April 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Day-to-Day Management 4,$

Elen cemINe BUI m Lem \Ccliatvansiy RCS

Ensure service is maintained at the utmost of quality levels 1,§

Pd eet sanunetnemnielenmic au cR RG

Represent The ONE Group in investigating, answering & settling grievances in absence of General Manager or Director of Food & Beverage i,§
Wobn ntl Ree eetem iach ay

Update and track daily reports

Staffing and Team Development i,§

PNral ema nvlines eee eM Ab Omani) TSMC CR ences oe tee DAY
San aaa ecient Broa tia eloesl eye) est CBG
