OWNER/CONSULTANT

Summary

Proven marketing and public relations executive with expertise in creating, implementing and executing all facets of marketing, press and national
PCP ee McMes NORCO CLa ICN Noo MML CEN RaLencmnebratoral brain @tre bre reg arpa rem Oncor te
porarecs nib oe Naseer merecoiminesreie si i@ecnci os

Highlights

Experience

Owner/Consultant

August 2006 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Develop and implenent public relations plans and strategies for top consumer brands and gain major local and national exposure for clients.
Clients have included the First Annual La Costa Film Festival, Spinal Elements, Make-A-Wish San Diego, American Express, Ogilvy Public
Relations (NY), Walt Disney Records, The Los Angeles College of Music, Keep California Beautifil and the locally-based Rock 'n Roll
marathon and Kids Rock marathon series.

© Highlights include:.

Nahin cerned eos CAMO RU AS eS eae reRb Olt rsorienseclbotmradtsindalered
limited to The Associated Press, Time Magazine, Rolling Stone, Oprah Magazine, Fast Company, Business Week, AARP Magazine,
Ladies Home Journal, Fox Business News, CNN, USA Today, The New York Daily News, The Los Angeks Times, Extra!, E! News
Daily, and numerous top daily newspapers and TV stations across the country.

Consistently place major stories for local clients in all local San Diego and Southem Califomia media, including all TV news outkts, San
Diego Union Tribune, FINE Magazine, San Diego Magazine, Westways magazine, Sunset magazine, Travel & Leisure magazine, Carlsbad
mmgazine, all area Z Code magazines, Ranch & Coast magazine, San Diego Business Joumal ete.

Associate Executive Director
January 2001 to August 2006 Company Name 1% City , State

© Developed and implemented public relations plans and branding strategies to expand the musical instrument product market and increase
ony) Renna CL a cee eons omnes ecommerce Matra tira see b Ceres sii
media arm (AMC - now the NAMM Foundation).

PMO ono a ven iLerbyteiietcs

Developed strategic partnerships with major national corporations including Disney, Fisher Price, Paramount Home Video, Teen People

magazine, American Idol magazine, The Afterschool Alliance, the Justin Tirberlake Foundation and the John Lennon Educational Tour Bus

to expand music-nmking messaging to millions of consumers.

‘These partnerships resulted in hundreds of millions of media impressions worth an ad rate value of over $50 million dollars.

Oversaw public relations strategies and activities for all NAMM messaging to the general public,

PP eeemnaren became anos Vi Once Plier brat lentnicm@ined ket misses Ran ee Os)

Hill} NAMM's Rose Parade activities; and youth marketing initiatives such as themusicedge.com

Campaigns I have overseen average 5 billion media impressions a year.

Manager
November 1997 to January 2001 Company Name i City , State

Managed publicity and press coverage for all Walt Disney Records’ products.

Served as liaison with publicity and marketing departments to ensure seamless impkenentation of overall marketing plans.

Chosen as only Walt Disney Records representative to serve on Michael Eisner’s Disney Leaming Partnership, a non-profit committee.

Directed development of press kits; wrote all press releases, biographies and press materials for the label.

Wrote and placed stories on WDR marketing strategies for trades such as Billboard, ADWEEK and Brandweek.

Produced EPKs and videos for major CD and artist releases.

Roch cca eual ye canto me ror mont i bvarceoualtinar ier etebxel Patina nica uared

limited to CNN, USA Today, The New York Daily News, The New York Times, The Los Angeks Times, Access Hollywood, E! News

Daily, and Entertainment Weekly.

© Planned, covered and executed all regional Walt Disney Records' events, including the Mulan press junket with Christina Aguilera and 98

Degrees and Lion King Broadway cast signings.

Responsible for successfill media launch of Radio Disney Jams album franchise, resulting in over 50 million consumer impressions,

© Spearheaded "Importance of Music” pro-social campaign, which resulted in increased press exposure for the label and spanned multiple
Srna etce

© Developed relationship with NAMM, the International Music Products Association and the American Music Conference (AMC) which

provided expanded press opportunities for relevant projects and artists (Phil Collins/Tarzan, Disney's Lullaby album) and promoted good-

will message for Walt Disney Records.

PXcoeltil@ occa)
January 1995 to November 1997 Company Narre 1% City , State

* Planned, coordinated and executed fill- fledged publicity campaigns tailor-made to each specific client.
¢ Successfillly obtained major exposure for clients, including E! News Daily, Extra, CNN, KABC-TV News (Los Angeles), KTTV News
(LA), KCAL-TV News (LA), KROQ-FM (LA) and The Los Angeles Times.
