MARKETING COORDINATOR

eect by iailg 7 .
Results-orientedA Marketing proffesionalA who drives company growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies.A
Qualifications

¢ Excellent commumication skills
CR iat eesti ® Goakoriented
* Marketing and saks specialist CEB Sicipecoeoet alten
© Retail Marketing Inspiring team keader
© Organized and efficient © Bilingual in English - Spanish
* Advanced computer proficiency (both PC and Mac) =» Financial reporting
© Customer Relationship Management (CRM) © Effective team player
CaO)

schivor anes

Marketing Coordinator Jul 2012 to Apr 2016

Company Name i City , State

Taco Palenque 18 locations (10 cities)

Laredo, Cotulla, San Antonio, New Braunfels, Houston, Mission, Edinburg, McAllen, Weslaco and Brownsville.
ae

Palenque Grill 5 locations (3 cities)

Laredo, McAllen and San Antonio.

Pollo Palenque 5 locations (2 cities)A

Be EBON SI

ae

Managed, developed and improved the schools food courts projete for Taco Palenque branch.

idotemiiees om Reem lane berdertue el cm

Customer Relations Management.

Creative producer of concepts and scripst for TV and radio advertising for all branches: Taco Palenque, Pollo Palenque, Palenque Grill and Tensai
tsa

Conceptual Image Creative for al branches.

Web content and design development for Taco Palenque, Palenque Grill and Pollo Palenque.

New product launching campaigns creative.

CO vicniemnantcrt sl om

Succesfiilly exceeded sales and transactions goals in different LTO's through marketing campaigns with Taco Palenque.
Improved same store sales by increasing ticket avg and transactions through strategic marketing programs.

Lead aditional sales by reaching new and specific target markets.

Qe imt ac econo Clon seeneaeiinetcocs

Financial analysis, reporting and tracking ofall promos and special sales for Taco Palenque branch.

Taco Palenque's and Palenque Grills menu analysis and engineering for redisigning.

Drive-thru impoverrent project initiative and development.

Rilke meiicayatlmeerelctiiauelte

Official Voice-over talent for Taco Palenque and Palenque Grill

Marketing Campaign Manager Oct 2010 to Dec 2010

Company Name i City , State Created, organized and executed "Un dia de tu salario" Regional Marketing campaign (4 cities), implementing
creative adds, public speechs, media management and working in conjunction with other organizations, reaching and exceeding the collect amount
food 8

Ub rep oath one Quelehiaomyclayae LOOM PAe)

Company Name i City , State

Sales team leader. (team of five)

Olen gra ab nicer nc ersee

Customer database management.

Public Relations Advisor Jan 2010 to Mar 2010

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

ler emcan corned sm

(Oca abe ts

Olen testsliemeraetcanrela

Direct sales,

Logistics Coordinator Sep 2008 to Oct 2009

Company Name i City , State

Organization and development of the first international rally promoting gender equality, where the youth of both Laredos participated.
Coordination of all the events and projects of the institute.

Digital engagement supervisor.

PXralo mv man OCR OREN MAN IC)

Company Name i City , State

In charge of the entire hotel opperation during the night shift.A
