PUBLIC RELATIONS/SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT

Summary

Public Relations Manager with strong communications, event planning, media relations and social media experience within consumer brands. Solid
experience establishing excellent media contacts within the beauty, fashion, and technology industries. Strong project management skills with ability
to execute projects effectively and efficiently. Served as brand representative for EnglistySpanish speaking TV segments both nationally &
regionally; appeared regularly on Access Hollywood Live, E! News, NBC San Antonio Living, ABC 7 News, Better Momings and Miami LIVE.
Accomplishments

schivor anes

Public Relations/Social Media Management 07/2014 to Current Company Name

© Public Relations and Social Media Career Highlights: Responsible for pitching and securing positive press coverage for all clients through all
media phitfonvs including TV, Print, Digital Social Media and Blogs for startups Responsibilities: Managing events, lifestyle media relations,
entertainment, multicultural (AA & Hispanic), beauty and fashion, B2B, parenting, sports, natural wellness and spirits.

© Executing brand awareness programs through consistent marketing efforts, product campaign events and launches.

Cees WU feelin ciesteerrana

Public Relations and Social Media Manager 11/2012 to 06/2014 Company Name

Responsible for the execution & management of strategies supporting content development, influencer marketing, events, strategic

partnerships, cause marketing and social media campaigns.

Managed online and print advertising budgets up to IM

© Identified customer needs through market research and analysis. Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.Oversaw an
average of [Number] new customer inductions per month, including keeping accurate records.Coached less experienced public relations
staff members on corporate communications practices. Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including project
timelines.Confeérred with production, graphic design and web-design personnel to coordinate production of corporate communications
materiak. Estimated project costs and monitored budgets. Developed monthly public relations and social media strategies to promote the
VMU brard, philanthropy and special events.

¢ Identified and engaged with pop culture and industry influencers to help create additional brand awareness and garner press.

Managed departrrental budgets to ensure we were aligned with corporate financial goals and managed extemal PR agency Formalized

social media strategies that grew fan base and engaged followers.

Authored attention grabbing press releases, prepared information for media kits and wrote executive speeches as needed.

© Spearheaded media tours during device hunches.

Public Relations/Social Media Manager 01/2009 to 06/2012 Company Name

Oerlatrmiaribel nbn cudlemieunions oats oncom om an crake som eel paliliem clues kessercesueltc
strategy for North America fiom fiscal 2009 to 2012.

Developed and executed communications plans intended to build brand awareness and synergistically drive sales for the company through
the use of multi-channel, multtpartner media campaigns.

Functioned as PR Mamager by defining public relations/marketing commumications strategy; managed media relations, celebrity partnerships,
event phnning and program execution for seasonal collection hunches and corporate partnership initiatives; and led impactfil retail PR
support programs (+sales).

Oversaw PR agency team of seven.

Managed $1.5M public relations and social media spend annually, Implemented Social Media strategies generating 1.1M fans from 2009 -
PLR

* Responsibilities: Managed quarterly Fashion Shows in all major media markets across US and Canada.

Led external PR agency on tracking editorial coverage and analyzing trends.

Maintained relationships with editors and stylists to enhance brand awareness and continue to keep The Children's Place as a key player in
ice nlehencwacie ed ate a

Managed and organize all media events to introduce new products to the press.

Communicated with all cross fimctional teams (sales, marketing, merchandising) before seasonal roll outs to ensure that PR efforts are
aligned with company initiatives in order to drive sales in-store and online.

Public Relations Assistant Manager 01/2006 to 01/2009 Company Name

© Public Relations & Events Career Highlight: Responsible for development and execution of public relations campaigns and events to
maximize company's branding opportunities and charitable contribution: Mapped out strategic project plans and goals, and led cross-
fictional tearvs in execution; Developed methodologies to track/analyze initiative results and effectiveness; Created and executed email,
video, intranet and other communications to direct and engage 15,000+ field employees around each initiative; Scripted CEO and senior
keadership, and wrote press releases.

* Responsibilities Assisted SVP in development and execution planning for special events related to seasonal collections, celebrity events,
Pirtee eecCMP Tr Reet le) ches bec

© Maintained all media relationships, coordinated editor appointments, and responsible for all sample trafficking Managed PR projects as
directed by SVP of PR including providing direction to vendors involved in media services, special events, etc.

brairestbeny
B.A: Marketing June 2005 Berkeley College Marketing
