COMMUNICATIONS CONSULTANT

Ritanenstag

Client-focusedA communications professional with nearly 10 yearsA. of internal communications, marketing, and public relations experience.
Oo eran RCE orknterco comconme brite onc acuat al geenl oe

BKcdneles) aig

Advising C-level executives

Effectively working in a large complex organization with multipke entities
Nonprofit and Public Relations agency experience

Experience in Adobe InDesign creative software and WordPress

Experience
Communications Consultant 08/2017 to Current Company Name City , State

ee

e

e

Serves as an advisor, strategist, and writer for senior physician executives, including the Chief Quality Officer.

Authors and keads annual commumication strategies designed to motivate, engage, and inform employees and key organizational
stakehoKlers.

Develops intemal send-all emails reaching more than 200,000 Kaiser Penranente employees.

Supports senior executives in high-profile speaking engagements including Kaiser Penmanente's TEDx talks (10,000 livestream participants),
Institute for Healthcare Improverrent National Forum (5,500 attendees), and Kaiser Permanente's National Quality Conférence (1,000+
Blaney y

Built a communications fiction for the organization's research and development division which included establishing an intranet page,
newskiter, monthly "stand up" meetings, quarterly all hands meetings, and roadshows to engage employees and key regional stakeholders.
Serves as the national program leader in marketing strategy designed to showcase the organization's clmical advancenents to large broker
and employer groups.

RUA yore eS OR Co Oa as cle ollanet bi aah onucdlcROBe irc smnsiracled Blbinectnan ke

¢ Led the organization-wide adoption and implementation strategy for new emergency communication system designed to keep employees

informed and connected in the event of'a crisis.
Serves as the national crisis communication representative for The Permanente Federation and eight Permanente Medical Groups.

Marketing Communications Specialist 06/2015 to 08/2017 Company Narre City , State

Created ckar and simple communication materials that empower members and prospects to make the best care decisions possibke for
themselves and their families.

or eckercninemnteotntre trices en neinencatcretecn ane.

Lead project manager for regional flu commumications.

Project managed first kp.org cause-based marketing campaign that outperfonred established benchmarks by 125%.A

Produced creative as Bree Ee eee ener ig Mesut cue nc RUE A BIEiLo EL BLO n ban es Lol aed
Served as communications consultant and strategist to 22 medical facilities on matters that impact patient care. A

Supported Legal departmentA to ensure compliance with annual regultory notifications to members.A

Led cross-fimctional teams to draft a variety of communication that help members navigate the complexities of their health plan.A

Internal Communications Specialist 05/2013 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

ee ee

Produced comprehensive communication materials that connected employees to strategic and operational goals.A

Ensured organizational consistency in all aspects of communication to employees.

Authored weekly employee newsktter with readership of 4,600.

Responsible for the creation and posting of daily content on employee intranet page.

RO ECE CUR cca os Ocenia LOU CREM n years Lah sys en bic Lcl keen og om eluent se ORU scree
Developed creative concepts for employee communication projects to a variety of intemal clients and business partners.A

Mirena toalns onarlbs eon ne ainian acre) one cmritornclr arabe ketcRe oh tomenitat cw.

Public Relations Assistant 08/2010 to 04/2013 Company Name City , State

Managed volunteers at client events.

Organized speaking points for clients at public.

Supported meetings and press conferences key clients and business partners.
Wrote press releases and maintained relationships with members of the media.

Education

Master of Communication Managenent, M.C.M. 2016 University of Southem California City , State, USA
Bachelor of Arts : Communication 2012 University of Hawaii City, State , USA

Bachelor of Arts : Psychology 2012 University of Hawaii City , State , USA

Board & Leadership Experience
