PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
Summary

PR/Media Rehations professional skilled at delivering sharply focused, high-impact for corporate, government, and not-for-profit organizations that
generate measurabke results.

Strategic thinker who understands big-picture business goals, develops program strategies/tactics, and exceeds expectations.

Highlights
© Brand Positioning
© Messaging Strategy = © Crisis Management
© Writing & Editing « Executive Coaching
© Media Outreach * Event Planning/Execution
© Project Management © New Product Launches
schivor anes
01/2003 to 01/2014

PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER Company Name 14 City , State

Create/implement plains to promote IREM and its credentials, product/service offerings, thought leadership initiatives and events via ongoing
publicity news flow and media relations outreach.

Secure /promote speaking engagements for IREM leaders at high-profile industry events.

Develop publicity/public relations tools and resources for chapter, regional and national leaders; provide training on use.

Coordinate annual kadership communications training focused on formal and informal interaction with media and other target audiences.
Support leadership outreach program to those positioned to purchase (or influence purchase of) IREM products /services.

(QU ne OP oln nut ou me Bccceeceea Okie HlnCatnce Do eciterelta

Provide timely, engaging, newsworthy content for IREM social media platfors.

Develop/administer budgets for PR and related programs with focus on cost control.

Some Key Achieverrents: Cultivated long-term relationships with Jocal/regionaV/national press contacts by proactively stimulating and
responding to requests for editorial input.

Received many unsolicited compliments fiom media about quality and speed of service.

Achieved double-digit, year-over-year increases in media coverage as measured by audience reach, volume of phcements, and murber of
preston Laon

* Developed/ impkmented program to identify and train IREM spokesperson experts to respond to media and other inquiries.

Orchestrated /participated in annual Leadership Media Tours to New York for organization's top executives, with one-on-one meetings
arranged with prominent media outlets, including the Wall Street Journal

* Prepared background information, talking points, story ideas and other materials to help ensure positive meeting outcomes.
© Prepared compelling submissions positioning IREM kaders to win leading industry awards.
© Led committee of industry leaders and senior staff that developed and hunched a major program to grow more enrollments in IREM

education programs, more practitioners pursing/ obtaining IREM certification and membership, and more college/university students
interested IREM and a real estate management career.
Now institutionalized across 93 US and international IREM chapters, the program has generated, and continues to yield, excellent results.

© Successfilly managed crisis communications for incidents including dismissal of'a high-level staff member and murder ofan association

eran ae

Cn rate

Peters Page Two) Some Key Achieverrents (cont'd): Managed muttiple, concurrent projects on a daily basis, completing them on time and
Oy bLes

® Worked across departments and member groups in ways that promoted collaboration,

Mentored less-experienced employees on issues related to PR and media relations.

01/1988 to 01/2003
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT Company Nanr 1% City , State

Fle meso) <mnorlcvereigele rem slceecw litte

following successive promotions fiom Account Executive) Some Key Responshbilities: Serve on leadership team responsibk for office
growth strategy, employee policies, etc.

Help to sell new business, including proposal development and formal presentations.

Manage all aspects of accounts assigned to lead, interfacing with executive leaders and PR staff to develop program goals, strategies,
tactics, budgets, timelines and measurement parameters.

Help manage and mentor junior staff Some Key Achieverrents: Built strong relationships with diverse client base that included corporations,
government bodies and association/not- for-profit organizations, e.g.

Whirlpool, Coca-Cola, Coopers & Lybrand [now PwC], Jarmica Tourist Board, Comcast, Madison Gas and Electric Company, National
