WEB DEVELOPMENT COORDINATOR

Highlights

Adobe Photoshop, Acrobat, Dreannveaver *Content Management Systems (CMS) *MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) *Quark
Xpress, Interactive Designer

Accomplishments

© National conference presenter, Health Care Intemet Conference: Leading the Digital Transformation, Nov.

© 2014 National conference presenter, Health Care Marketing and Physician Strategies Summit, May 2014 Interactive Media Awards (IMA)
Best in Class Award for CentraCare web site, 2013 Graduate, St.

© Cloud Area Chamber of Commerce Leadership Development Program, 2007 Producer credit for 1999 Telly Award-winning and Aegis
Award-winning video project, "Remae's Story” Writer/creative director/producer credits for four Healthcare Marketing Report Advertising
Awards (national competition), 1999-2000 Writer/producer credits for six Lake Superior Ad Club (American Advertising Federation)
Citations of Excellence, 1995-97.

schivor anes
AU PAC @tavans
Web Development Coordinator Company Name i City , State

¢ Direct the strategic development of CentraCare Health web properties Consistently deliver a rewarding user experience (UX) with web-
based content, services and features Develop social media strategies and manage content assets on social platfonrs Actively monitor,
evaluate and report on web analytics; assess successfill measures and implement changes Collaborate with executives, leadership and staff
to achieve best in class digital content and services Spearhead efforts to launch a consumer-focused, health and wellness blog Implement
new online features to promote physicians and medical staff Create educational materials and conduct software training for staff Manage,
inspire and motivate web department staffon ongoing enhancements to our digital footprint.

01/2000 to 01/2012
Web Marketing Specialist Company Name iA City , State

¢ Directed and implemented health system web initiatives Built and maintained close relationships with health system leaders/stakeholders on
web-related projects Evahuted and recommended content and features for health system web site Measured and increased web site traffic
Successfilly managed development and guided the launch of key consurrer- focused web features, including online appointment requests,
prescription refills and bill payment Acted on executive leadership's goal to be transparent with our quality and pricing data, and became the
first in Minnesota to publish this data on our web site.

01/1997 to 01/2000
Marketing Specialist Company Name i% City , State

* Developed, impkmented and evahuted integrated marketing and advertising strategies for the hospital and key departments/product lines.
© Managed and directed marketing efforts, special events, educational programs and other promotional activities.

01/1996 to 01/1997
Special Events & Promotions Coordinator Company Name 1% City , State

© Developed and coordinated special events and promotions for agency clients.
* Prepared marketing proposals and budgets.
© Managed and coordinated creative departient projects and production efforts.

01/1994 to 01/1996
Associate Creative Director Company Name 1% City , State

© Developed targeted marketing strategies and creative direction for agency clients.

© Managed and coordinated production efforts.

© Provided award-winning copywriting for ad campaigns, articles, promotional brochures, newsktters and targeted campaign materials for
Aieae yee La tie

Tax)
Sakes Consultant Company Name i City , State

© Promoted, sold and increased market share of national product lines distributed by the company.
© Coordinated educational and trade show events.
CEN esc (POrb ico meai tac inirusiiiiiutians eerie

brairestbeny

er

Master of Arts degree : Communicating Arts mass commumications University of Wisconsin-Superior is State GPA: GPA: 3.9 Communicating
Pcp scckoennineuei cee] wae,

ey)
