PRODUCT DESIGNER

Professional Summary

4-5 years engineering experience and 1-2 years working experience. Able to work independently and under pressure, detail oriented, excellent
problem solver, Innovator. Efficient Mechanical Engineer leveraging a strong technical background in bringing products from the hboratory to
mmss-mmnufacturing, Mechanical Engineer with [Number] + years of training in varied industries, including manufacturing and high-tech
environments. Creative manufacturing engineer. Lead team member on process redesign for [Describe product] . Design engineer who has worked
on [Number] new products, including the [Product name] recognized for industry excellence.

als

[o7.\0)

[Or eeeieaibcenned

RT eccrs tea chorale

Component fimetions and

testing requirements Engine components, pumps, and fuel systems knowledgeFEA toolsAutoCAD proficientTeam

Technical direction and A A A 5 a * i
peer JeadershipManuficturing systems integrationManufacturing systems integration

Works well in diverse team
enviroment
Nineteen prialcag

Work History
Product designer 10/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© The team wants to develop a portable, easily shipped, cost effective hardware that can send and receive digital content directly from
satellites,

¢ Personally involve with prototype designing and 3D modeling,

Cooperating with a startup called Outermet (https//www.outernet.is/erv), a for-profit media company that already has two satellites covering

North America, Europe, and the Middle East and has recently started broadcasting free Internet content.

Assisting draffers im developing the structural design of products using drafting tools or computer-assisted design (CAD) or drafting

equipment and software.

Completing project mechanical design while providing technical solutions feedback.

Piedras ut AUC eer ensaid
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Two engineers and designers to collaborate together to create new innovative wearable pieces for a fashion show competition.
© Willaccess new Makerspce, which includes a 3D printer, will be given a $500 budget to create their wearable piece.

RESEARCH EcoPRT Research Assistant 01/2014 to 05/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

The goal is to develop an economical, autonnted transit system.

ANB ececeoivedececesuiminereaesanee enone bcieas bt eetelcRiaiie cm

\www.ecoprt.com).

The key in the design is to understand the impact weight has on the overall cost and performance, and the incorporation of automated
control,

Cr Srenckudiiecaulesrananyipreccieimns tae

product design 01/2014 to 05/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

« VOLUNTEER The purpose of this project is to design and fabricate a cable mamgement system for a public-access electric
EAB ELED NOIR G iol eke patyuineearclh om

© This system will dispense and retract 20 feet of cable for operation and provide secured storage for the cable when not in use.

© The prototype will be subjected to the following constraints

Team menber 10/2013 to 04/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Attending scheduled control and mechanical tears! training classes.

EXPERIENCE A: Leamed shop safety, vehicle glider equations, drive cycle modeling, and Simulation.
Leamed the powertrain architecture and components of the 2013 Chevrolet Malibu.

Leamed vehicle dynamics.

And practiced model simuhtion by using MATLAB Simulink.

Mechanical Engineering Components design project (material design.

mmterial design 10/2013 to 04/2014
