MECHANICAL DESIGNER
Summary

Tmoffering over twenty-cight (28) years of extensive working knowledge of the principks, theories and concepts in the design-engincering field.

A self-motivated, assertive individual, who leams quickly, accepts new challenges, works well independently and ako in team environments; lives
up to high personal standards integrity/ethics; pro-actively demonstrates good interface/communication, task management.

Highlights

3D Model part design and assembly development A 5 A . :
erro e tn Heavy and light structural fame design and aluminum mounting platform design.
Strong under standing of hydraulic components and able to do troubleshooting with the

Create weight distribution analysis as well as present ability to develop and improve hydraulic circuits from existing schematics.

findings and able to defend assumptions.
schivor anes

Company Name May 2013 to July 2015 Mechanical Designer
lena El CG

* Asanember of the Research and Technology team, I was able to be a part of several projects focused on saving the company money by
reducing down time of equipment, use of tested and approved quality parts and material.

© Designs were developed with the use of Creo Parametric 2.0, Windchill and Autodesk Inventor 2015.

Designed, tested and implemented a pneumatic circuit to insure proper conditions existed prior to engaging and dis-engaging the clutch on

the Frac pump units.

Wedel calig ice coceleeke One ebsiab ra iene ATM eRe RF ceeccs RCT Com

Investigated Fluid End failures and corrected drawing errors related to seat angel.

This significantly increased the life of the Fluid Ends.

Created approved source control drawings for the fluid end valves and seats witch eliminated the use of misaligned seat and premature

washouts of the fluid ends.

Designed a cross unit manifold used to connect up to twenty two (22) Frac Pumps to run offnatural gas or field gas.

This significantly reduced fuel cost across the fleet of Frac pumps.

Troubleshot and redesigned the hydraulic circuit on the fleets sand conveyers.

This redesign significantly reduced down time and reduced the amount of training needed for field hands.

Troubleshot and redesigned the hydraulic circuit on a potential venders sand conveyor to correct an issue they were not able to correct.

This redesign involved changing the spool in the PVG valve and installing a cross port relief valve and some re-plurbing of the hydraulic

fonania

© Troubleshot and corrected the spillage of'sand from the sand conveyors.

© This reduced the amount of down time rehted to sand cleanup and removal.

Designed a dust contro! system for the company’s flect ofsand kings.

Company Name April 2011 to May 2013 Mechanical Designer
lena El CG

© Asanenber of the Coil Tubing Unit (CTU) team, I help to ensure our design and manufactured products meet the rigorous industry
standards established by the American Petroleum Institute and the International Standards Organization by the use of 3D parametric model
generation and manipuhtion using Autodesk Inventor Pro 2012 (Routed Systems - Tube and Pipe) and Autodesk Vault Professional 2102.
Create weight distribution analysis as well as present findings and able to defend assumptions.

CTU traikr kyout redesigned to eliminate costly manufacturing rework, errors and confision.

Hydraulic Wet Kit assernbly and frame design.

Heavy and light structural frame design and aluminum mounting platform design.

Capable of setting up 3D models for use with the integrated Autodesk stress analysis FEA with the understanding of setting the
convergence, material, constraints and loads with the ability to interpret hot spots and make adjustments to the model.

Have knowledge of and can apply, the use of section modulus tables to determine how one shape compares to another in strength for a
directional load Able to research possible problems with mnterial selection or component interface and present options.
Vendor/Purchasing Q &A sit-in's for second sourcing prospects.

Pe DicceriS ees iacMcemiliealc Mem melennurecl Lenker onramcnye cements ncrllsiLeicd

© Take initiative to procure data (research) and make contacts in order to bring viable solutions to the forefront.

Ovni eKenee Aen Obra MAL bance Sunes
lena El CG

© Applied Aerodynamics Inc. is a FAA/EASA Repair Station and is focused on, but not limited to, Repair / Overhaul / Manufacturing of flight
control surfaces and aircraft composites.

CCH cores) ceo m Leese M LeO UU CerUMU Gee Oe abe CORB Omg ob mILLo ns snr Le ROL @iCniEat eine lei vet @
components from minor skin repairs to compkete rib, skin and spar replacement.

* As Planning Engincer I also created and developed internal procedures and assured compliance to the D1-51991 Digital Product Definition
