MEOH O ACDSee

Si

Tend
SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS: Textile Engineering Knitting and Garment Manufacturing Textile Printing and Finishing Yam and Fabric Dyeing

Spinning and Weaving Textile Construction and Embroidery Textile Testing
Highlights

CAD: Photoshop, Illustrator and Accutrac
Technical Packets

Cleve G@erhrateinew a

Computerized and Manual Pattem Making
Garment Embellishment

Draping and Sewing

Fashion Illustrations Manual and Computerized
Merchandise & Line Development

Niort 2@o owas

Understanding of Target Customer/Markets

schivor anes
Technical Designer 01/2015 to Current
Company Name City , State

Created 65 complete development and production technical packages including spec sheets in 1 week.

Developed a pattern with grade rules for production of sampk garments with accuracy.

Coordinated 8 different manufacturing tasks that led to over 30,000 unites of production.

Supervised the creation of garments, including fitting, detailing and adaptations.

Sourced, selected and bought fabrics, trims, fastenings and embellishments.

FA UOC N A OEM MACO NCR Ome ecaLemincceesr ire ccRleaenculoeOrniacecRn iia eratan
Notified factories of construction quality issues and provides recommendations on corrections Negotiated with customers and suppliers and
oversee production.

Provided input to design and sourcing teams regarding cost engineering.

Collaborated with designer, a merchandiser, manager and business partner to ensure the desired product is achieved, while retaining
Feces ea Leese hes elon

Saved 60,000 units of production by coming up with an efféctive solution for a design fault.

Assistant Designer/Technical Designer 06/2014 to 12/2014
Company Name City , State

Vintage Casual Sportswear, Dresses and Sweaters Created an idea and produce a compkte design by hand or using computer-aided
design (CAD).
Created compkte development and production technical packages including spec sheets.

© Created inspirational presentation materials for trend, color and product assortments.

Provided research ideas that reflect the trends, but also, which reflect the integrity and aesthetics of the brand by creating design boards
(color, sketches and fabric detail).

Managed all deadlines within development/Production calendar.

Provided and confirm the gauges and knit downs for full fashion sweaters.

Managed Design meetings, photo-shoots and meetings with customers and fabric agents.

Seck creative solutions when specing ganments/tech pack executions.

Assistant Designer/Technical Designer 04/2013 to 0472014
Company Name City , State

© Created Tech Packs and Line sheets for import and domestic styles.

Managed track of Current Styles through software called Accutrac Applied Illustrator and Photoshop proficiency to create and refine
A <alares

Updated BOMs catalog samples, and mnintain textile and pattem libraries.

Supported Design Team with all key aspects of Design process - from creation to adoption.

Provided Fit Comments to the factories overseas (China and India).

Provided accurate Specs for the garment.

Sourced Fabric and Trims.

Prepared for Design meetings, which includes preparation for mood boards, color boards, fabric board, design board with all technical
drawings and collecting samples.

Assistant Designer 07/2010 to 08/2012
Company Name City , State

Casual Sportswear, Dresses and Sweaters.
Assisted in designing all types of Women's Casual Sportswear, Dresses and Sweaters.
