FORMS DESIGNER

Professional Summary

Professionally trained [job title] with experience ensuring high standards of culturally competent care for wide variety of patients with diverse
needs. Responsible [job title] with excellent communication skills demonstrated by [nurber] years of experience in healthcare.

Skills
cere aaciroonidial aN er erat hen!
a yea eta setae © Thorough physical assessments
© Patient evaluation/ntervention ° Le eel ‘onl ee
* Professional bedside manner ° ar haart 0 tlie s
© Adept at prioritzing/mamging deadlines ee eeeiaeaiaa

Work History

Fors Designer , 01/2007 to 012010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Assessed need for, ordered, obtained and interpreted appropriate hb tests.

© Conducted mandated health screenings, physicals and special education assessrrents in [murber] schools with [number] students. Ensured

external follow-up where required.

Chronic patient care in med-surg unit, adeptly handling all aspects of treatment from medication to wound care to monitoring for [number]
Pelben caer

Primary care, assessment and evaluation of neonatal and pediatric patients.

Counseled and educated patients about reproductive health issues and wellness. Expertise in STDs, HIV and family planning.

Led CNA training program and conducted classes for prospective CNAs. Oversaw the training of [number] students annually.
Organized and led [number] support groups per [time period] in subjects related to physical and emotional health to ensure long-term
patient well-being,

Organized and led [number] support groups per [time period] in subjects related to physical and emotional health to ensure long-term
patient well-being,

CEO icmiiimne Len anieicbe at ates Lleem Ohacveacieke aii cogpecltetce seen a

Oversaw and managed [nurber] clinical and support staff in patient care activities while maintaining a high level of staff morale and
Fico feces erbalicitey

Directed the new hire LPN program Recruited, hired, led training and managed budget for class of [number] students annually.
Effectively supervised [nurber] LVNs, NAs and non-clinical staff Improved annual employee retention rate ftom [number] to [number]
uaceana

Examined patients and dispensed contraceptives and other medications as needed.

Pharmacological and non-pharmacological management and treatment of various disorders and diseases.

Self-directed with astute judgment skills. High level of personal accountability.

Wrote successful grant for S [arnount] from [source] for [topic] .

Effective counseling in health maintenance and disease managerrent.

Increased unit productivity for a 29-bed surgical unit.

urement Srrenllnmgneice Omeorsiramnasetiienee

Managed care for post-operative patients through discharge.

Performed hb tests and communicated results.

Liaised between patients and physicians to ensure patient comprehension of treatment plans.

Instructed patients and family members on proper discharge care.

[Ol coe rreniocetmiwermoeneitence

Initiated hospital-wide study to identify areas for process improverrent.

Monitored patient reactions to drugs and carefully documented progress of individuals participating in clinical trials.
Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate outstanding healthcare tears.

Contributed substantially to successful department JCAHO accreditation.

Ensured HIPAA compliance.

Ensured proper care for victims of domestic violence who presented to urgent care clinic.

Plurenacrnanclccb icone lea onteriecal@belUbe circa on Minn cms OO) eR Ee ebeatit ets
Provided DHS (Departrrent of Health Services) with corrective action plans.

Coordinated Quality Improvement Activities (QIA's) to identify performance areas for improvement.

Participated in unit-based Quality Assurance Program

Developed and implemented nursing care plans.

Made appropriate interventions by reading and interpreting fetal heart monitors.

Developed patient care plans, including assessments, evaluations and nursing diagnoses.

Documented patient information obtained from interviews.

Performed basic physical assessments of newboms and infants.

Pd oulocmiol einen ei Lece

Effectively managed clinical oversight for 44-bed unit.

Provided on-call care at all times of day and night.

Ensured efficacy of treatments through monitoring of treatment regimens.
