SALON DESIGNER
lOnteam Oana cNg

aces relucctmunlnoco tera calcio midan wekneRecus) obit) enue alice

Strong work ethic, professional demeanor and great initiative.

Energetic and reliable Office Manager skilled with working with a diverse group of peopk.

Team-player cager to bring strong administrative skills to a growing company in need of top-level support.
Self-motivated administrative professional with extensive experience overseeing office operations.

ee

rlecremiponnararasd
Salon Designer
December 2014 to June 2015 Company Name i City , State

¢ Essential Duties and Responsibilities but not limited to-Perform hair style consultation in order to decide what services the client
needs. Provide services to clients such as shampooing, cutting, styling, coloring and highlighting as desired. Maintain safety standards and
ckanliness. Emphasize product benefits and assist clients in the selection of retail products or services for their hair care needs. Maintain a
SSNs abet MM Aca Ream oksrciies cine ocd wieeeinaee ale Orenmulsclexmaanetns Beetica slay
continuing education and training in order to follow new trends and techniques. Perform waxing services. Thorough knowledge of hair stykes,
hair care products and related procedures. Physical mobility, able to stand for prolonged periods of time. Inventory stock and requisition new
HiuiarstncmO Dalen kel ce ious CUCU LECh Ceo oP eMnnins nora Aco snlLiee Ln eM n Meare
balancing cash drawers, and making deposits. Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.Exchange merchandise for
customers and accept retums.

Call Center Representative
October 2013 to Noverrber 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Se earned cei ar en Aen STAN SOOM am Niece AY TE Eeeec ae BOR INLO Om LeCCHLO Am cesT e Soy elated
infonmation.Resolve problenrs by clarifying issues; researching and exploring answers and altemative solutions; impkrrenting solutions;
escalating unresolved problems. Fulfill requests by clarifying desired informtion; compkting transactions; forwarding requests.Sell additional
services by recognizing opportunities to up- sell accounts; exphining new features. Maintain call center database by entering
information. Keep equipment operational by following established procedures; reporting malfinctions. Update job knowkdge by participating
HKaheolo ono itcn OMe koscc Mg nilLe nance CORE th eB emit NS en cme Rel ova eee eicemince) egret
opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.

Set-up Processor
January 2013 to August 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

PCy Sn sornehon centuectiane hed ech LO mila uucacen@uion cic] SM b MN ewA Nic T RY Mi olrans
Company, title ftom the title attomey, subordinations as needed.Complete all QC fields within LOS and Loan Flow and respond to all QC
issues as required.Maintain integrity ofall data within the loan file and check validity of data on the submitted. Maintain contact with Loan
Originators advising them of status of loan package as needed Prepare verifications of employrent.Sct up and disclose 30-40 loans per
month,

Nil cop aces aC
(ee aM PACD occ ucwA Pao sina N ny AO AEC

Crccdel so nonrinsmec RN eco SOTO RICE m Tee

OMS anemo ona nes Loe ei ko mnie ati necmikecke arden om actcrine Recs em
PO a me esher eau albe Ten bem praca iat e ces

Maintain records related to sales.

Inventory stock and requisition new stock.

Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sakes.

COTS hoa ee GRMN E He acm

Package purchases, and wrap gifls.

OTA Alo p sala ccm

Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.

Maintain knowkdge of current sakes and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Demonstrate use or operation of merchandise.

ee ee ee ee ee

Owner
Noverrber 2009 to May 2012 Company Name i City , State

Essential Duties and Responsibilities but not limited to:Maintained a positive, upbeat atmosphere, whik ensuring high customer
satisfaction. Established a strong relationship with client base to generate long term business. Performed all marketing for business.Performed
Pcrolsrenia Na onetuco Leelee racmoratt cel ale uuraime iclomeenniicikalscnews neniltei pcs ecy
Peon heCoa cower celui nnceipen CRUE eee minictilha Barnicle Dalmetiaic taht
and cosmetics. Keep work stations ckan.Stay informed of the latest styles and hair care techniques. Educated clients about products and
