SENIOR INTERIOR DESIGNER
Professional Summary
Interior Designer with diverse experiences working on commercial projects throughout the United States utilizing AutoCAD. Design experiences
include commercial, facility planning, education, government, healthcare, retail and residential. Proven abilities to work on projects independently
or as part ofa team from inception at programming meetings to compktion with budget reconciliation.
als

© Proficient in Autocad

ia een © Building codes knowledge
cree ro * Pennitting and administration knowkdge
PEO emtc ii oR aieeenr sr csesey : art ioe
Cee Beant Ceorcriac|
Work History

Senior Interior Designer , 02/2012 to 11/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Independently developed fit studies, pricing plans, and construction docurrents for permit.

Worked with leasing agents to obtain program requirements, project scope, and develop fit studies.

Prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with notes, details, and schedules as required that comply with all applicable
acts and codes related to project mumicipality.

Submit plans to in-house permit expeditors for permit and in-house construction team for execution.

Verified that construction detail documentation conformed to quality assurance and best practice standards.

* Completed comprehensive code compliance evaluations.

Reviewed and discussed zoning laws, fire regulations and building codes with healthcare and governing agencies.

© Utilize AutoCAD with AEC, Excel, and Microsoft Word software programs as required to manage assignments.

Interior Designer , 05/2004 to 02/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Worked independently on projects directly with client or through a landlord representative.

Completed architectural construction document set as well as mechanical and electrical construction document set with consultation.
Worked on diverse buildings such as mixed-use buiklings, warehouse and class A office buildings.

Visit site to prepare as-built AutoCAD plans and note field conditions.

Cakuhte B.O.M.A.

square footages for landlord and maintain rent schedule.

Prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details, schedules and presentation boards as required that comply with all
applicable codes and acts.

Coordinate plans with structural, electrical and mechanical engineers.

* Submit plans to appropriate county for permit.

© Utilize AutoCAD and Microsoft Word software programs as required to complete and manage assignments.

Interior Designer , 10/2000 to 05/2004
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Worked on projects independently with clients.

* Completed architectural construction document set.

© Conduct client meetings to develop program requirements, visit site to prepare as-built AutoCAD plans and note field conditions in order to
develop fit studies and revise as required for client approval.

Prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details, schedules and presentation boards as required that comply with all
applicable codes and acts.

Utilize AutoCAD and Microsoft Word software programs to complete and manage assignments.

Interior Designer , 09/1997 to 10/2000
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Established timelines to manage multiple projects simultaneously to assure move dates were met.

Worked with architects to better integrate design intent into construction document package.

Set up meetings with clients to develop program requirements.

Prepare a Design Fee Proposal outlining the scope of work and associated fees.

Perform site visit to prepare as-built AutoCAD plans.

Dato eB iecitel ecm

Prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details, schedules and presentation boards as required that comply with all
applicable codes and acts.

reels CROs eaunmTRonratemneieat sta

© Utilize AutoCAD and Microsoft Word software programs to complete and manage tasks.
