PRODUCT AND WEB DESIGNER
Summary

My career of 34 years includes the graphic art field, fine arts, and elementary art teacher. My personal evolution and vision helps me to know that I
possess truth, talent and ability that is unique and highly creative.

Thave alvays known that art was my life path, and I seck to share in ways that apply to the world today in imovative ways.

The Mission ~ To work with a teamas designer or in some capacity where my creativity and thinking outside the box can be utilized best. To
provide graphic expressions that convey the best message whether it be print or web presentation. My many years of experience affords me depth
of knowledge in the arts fields, hands on, and I intend to use this knowledge for fiture endeavors as freelance designer.

My Offerings ~ I focus on using my creative energy and experience as a Graphic Artist skilled ina variety of designs, logos and marketing
packages designed to strengthen business competence.

Tama visual designer with an aptitude for experimental projects.

My design skills are unique ~ I utilize the basic elements of design: color, line, shape, space, texture and value to help with the overall creation of
any art projects or instruction. My training, experience, and education in art enables me to have a vast resource of ideas to share. And very
importantly, other's ideas inspire me to go beyond and create things that clients envisioned.

Workshops ~ I am interested in Teaching groups or private lessons, sharing creatively and working with other artists to create meaningfill art.
~ Past and current students and clientele are primarily those listed here:

Art collectors, art galleries, art enthusiasts, parents of students, adults or children who may seek creative art instruction ina wide variety of
mediums ftom an enthusiastic artist/teacher

Organizations or individuals who may be seeking a career creative artist to assist in projects requiring their ideas becoming fine finished art.

Set design, backgrounds for theatre productions large or srmall Elementary/Secondary/Adutt students who are interested in improving motor skill,
experiment with various materials, leam the history of art, and apply art to life, possibly in a career involving some of these skills.

The Overview ~~~ My freelance business is based in Cody, Wyoming, but not limited to the area. I am proficient in graphics programs including
Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Microsoft Word, Excel. have worked for most of my career at a distance and utilize all of
the modem technology that makes it possible and simple to do this. SHedrick Art & Design on Facebook. Brochure, business cards, and other
colhteral Networking with Arts Councils, Galleries, Grant possibilities, and other interests Client referrals available

Background & Experience ~~~ Product design and development of varieties of gifts, toys, socks, dolls, jewelry, snowglobes and more. Approx
20 years with one company. Very large E Commerce Website developrent and some HTML. Web maintenance. 3 years. Elementary art
instructor with the Art ona Cart program in Cody, Wyoming, 7years. Each year my 300 students are exposed to all elements of art, art history, as
many mediums and techniques as the budget will allow. Selfemployed freelance artist/Ilustrator/graphic designer for over 30 years working ina
variety of mediums. Much Photoshop CSS.

Studied with several professional artists privately, and taught art lessons to children through the Cody Parks and Recreation in the summers.

Created an organization called Raise Your Hand for Art to promote awareness of the need for art in the elementary age child's growth and how it
actually helps them with their academic studies Invested entire career to date in the field of art.

Currently Registered name and business licensed in the state of Wyoming, formerly in California Compkted substitute certification program, and
update regularly Joined several professional associations and memberships Compkted hundreds of paintings and graphic works for satisfied
ron

Highly creative and multi-talented Graphic Designer with more than 30 years in product development and print design.
