MECHANICAL DESIGNER

Summary

Tama current Mechanical Designer for ILA.S. I am extremely versatile, reliable and efficient with 15+ years’ experience supporting managers,
business owners and executives in high paced enviromments in a wide variety of professional positions. Diversified skills include client relations,
eninge econ eseron eres le MCMC Min Ckoem clove isi aLot anne enantotiae AUS EIIDHIBCclICen ie irUiceiEe Ren mer meth
schivor anes

02/2016 to Current

Mechanical Designer Company Name 1 City , State

SME Cer riisinm ore siolive ean a @llanke len itl comin renkeccuemesulneeteo th cipal Len RWnl em aL qnenticem ia nicl ois
services are the highest quality possible.

Maintain schedules thru interaction with clients and project managers, personnel and clients.

Maintain ongoing project requirements and specifications for multiple projects.

Review design efforts for team to ensure that quality is being maintained.

Manage and scope investigations into form or fiction ofa feature or set of features ina design.

To create and refine technical and mechanical parts as well as assembly drawings to capture design intent and documentation.

ei e(Telnaw oro aim

02/2016 to 08/2016
Lead HorticulturalisManager Company Name 1% City , State

Develop improved measurement techniques, soil conservation methods, soil sampling devices, or related technology.
Identify or chissify species of insects or allied forms, such as mites or spiders.

Investigate soil problems and poor water quality to determine sources and effects.

Develop improved measurement techniques, soil conservation methods, soil sampling devices, or related technology.
Perform chemical analyses of the microorganism content of soils to determine microbial reactions or chemical mineralogical relationships to
plant growth.

shee Lecce Ore aera heed ecto rem Obes aves rnecmnekObencle sims) serene keene once

NS AR eSLe ecIN IG aC aR ems) aN

I eiectat s) oueecmn rr emtcinlnonibupesicCenid (oe tire Lace

Select and purchase seeds, plant nutrients, disease control chemicals, and garden and lawn care equipment.

Exphin and enforce safety regulations and policies.

Confer with horticultural personnel in order to plan facility renovations or additions.

Cut and prune trees, shrubs, flowers, and plants.

Construct structures and accessories such as greenhouses and benches.

Negotiate contracts such as those for land leases or tree purchases.

02/2014 to 02/2016
R&D Designer Company Name 1 City , State

© Responsible for the overall design, development & testing (DDT): I design, draft, develop and test many concurrent product development

and product improverrent projects.

Deut Roth UB HUETrem nee yicelcekeelecce a

Perform calculations and work with vendors to develop production part design and allocate resources when necessary.

Work with engineers to address product updates and concems and work with quality and customer service departments to identify product

improverrent opportunities.

© Create and track ECN's (engineering changing notice), update drawings and documents, ensure they meet drafting standards, brainstorm
ideas and modeling concepts, prototype new designs, and train manufacturing personnel on product design changes and upgrades.

SU ROR C)
Landscape Supervisor Company Name 1 City , State

© Responsibilities included maintaining and supervising all indoor and outdoor landscape needs.

© This includes but is not limited to all budgeting, design, maintenance, horticultural practices for all on-site plants and oversight ofall om-sight
ae

© Working with vendors and managing a cost-to-savings budget working toward a LEED certified campus and providing safety and cost
solutions for Microsoft.

© Establish and enforce operating procedures and work standards that will ensure adequate performance and personnel safety.

CE RNa RB EEC Ones BORIS HUN e HNC mS ECM LeCHeec tee Mmrsizeelio olaremetanee Om m

© Confer with other supervisors to coordinate work activities with those of other departrrents.

03/2013 to 07/2013
Designer/Project Manager Company Name 1% City , State

* Coordinate or direct development, energy assessment, engineering, or construction activities to ensure that landscape project needs and
(leteuisecriesp rem
© Manage site assessments and/or environmental studies for new designs.
