PRINCIPLE DESIGNER / OWNER
Professional Summary

Interior Designer with a distinct understanding of spatial theory who harbors an exceptional design instinct and is uniquely attuned to the importance
of materiality, lighting, composition and the overall design process.

Core Qualifications
Cae Bcyitiiey
© Space planning rn
© Interior architectural detailng : nesiniahitied
* Color and mterial application , pa taeeeerarai
CMe gro ce cae nanittneny nants)
© Concept development

als

3D, Approach, Art, AGENCY, AutoCAD, Basic, budgets, budget, Color, Concept, Concept development, content, Council, client, clients,
direction, documentation, Drafting, fast, floor plans, Graphic, HVAC, Instructor, interior design, Interior Design, Lighting, access, Window,
Plurbing, presentations, Design Process, Space planning, specification, Teaching, vision, written

Accomplishments

Lighting Designer and Project Manager for David A Mintz Inc., a former May Company consulting fim Developed and designed all lighting for
Robinson-May, Fashion Valley Mall and Foley's, Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. Assisted in the development and design of various Hecht's,
Kaufimann's, Strawbridge's, and Lord and Taylor department store lighting, while simultancously completing and meeting all deadlines for several
large-scale successfill projects.

Successfilly completing graduate school by I writing thesis underlining the theoretical concept of spatial theory.

schivor anes
08/2011 to Current
Principle Designer / Owner Company Name i City , State

Designed floor plans, elevations, and 3D perspective views and material boards for both in-house review and presentation to the client.
Programmed client's need ftom schematic design to the construction document phase and installation. Created professional presentations to
creatively communicate design intent and direction. Participated in fimiture selection and documentation of the specifications. Maintained accurate
specifications for each project. Ensured that the project vision and design intent were reflected. Visited home sites when necessary to assess and
fulfill customer needs. Successfillly assisted clients in choosing fimnishings that were consistent with their preferences and budget. Produced content
for material boards and specification binders for presentation and construction. Reviewed project costs, budgets and adherence to schedules.

WUE eo
Principle Designer/Owner Company Name 14 City , State

Designed floor plans, clevations,and material boards for both in-house review and presentation to the client. Programmed client's need from
schemntic design to the construction document phase and installation.

Created professional presentations to creatively communicate design intent and direction. Participated in furniture selection and documentation of
the specifications. Maintained accurate specifications for each project. Ensured that the project vision and design intent were reflected. Visited
home sites when necessary to assess and fulfill customer needs. Produced content for material boards and specification binders for presentation
and construction. Developed interior design concepts and prepared interior systems and finishes. Reviewed project costs, budgets and adherence
to schedules.

07/1997 to 07/2005
CAD Operator/Designer Company Name 1% City , State

CAD Operator/Designer for a fast paced New York City MEP firm Electrical Power & Lighting), Pharbing, Sprinklers. and some HVAC.
Worked closely with Senior Engineers, Architects, and Interior Designers.

Filled in wherever needed.

Ee ay
Lighting Designer Company Name i City , State

Developed and designed overall and specialty lighting from conception to compketions for the former May Company Stores. Primarily assigned to
remodels do to their more complicated nature. Designed floor plans,

elevations and created professional presentations to creatively communicate design intent and direction. Maintained accurate specifications for each
project. Visited sites when necessary to assess and fillfill client needs.
