GRAPHIC DESIGNER

Summary
Tama hardworking and multi-talented individual who loves to design, play sports, and Jeam. I amabvays up for a challenge and look forward to
BS ovrteied olncce rel ucticm
Highlights
* Microsoft Office Suite . * Photography [Nikon, CanonJA
© Adobe Photoshop/A InDesign’ A Illustrator © Creative and artistic
¢ MAC/Winows OS * Self motivated professional
IDAs Nl) Peete clinics
CMe yrenarat tie ici Pe Ce einsesTaicue
schivor anes
UP ESOL GG

Graphic Designer Company Name - City , State

© Photographed new cellphone cases using Photobench Software and a Canon camera.

¢ Edited the photos using Photoshop and applied over one thousand designs photoshopped onto the cellphone cases.
© Create various innges for the website as well as web banners.

© Fulfill cellphone case orders on CorelDraw, applying the right design for each order.

10/2015
Bartender Company Nanx - City , State

© Tended the bar at the tournament for private companies who rented out cabana spaces,A made sure all the guests enjoyed their time as
well as provided nonA alcoholic and alcoholic beverages.
¢ Ensured the bar table was clean at all times,A._as well as kept the bar stocked with all available beverage options.

08/2014 to 04/2016
Athkte - Retail Associate Company Nam - City , State

Se Oren emer sre caer ud coe AU ee eae Raa oR nu eee R LSE BLA)
connect, train, and compete with the knowledge to achieve their goals.A
© Unloaded deliveries and processed incoming products to be directed immediately to the sales floor.

UP ERR eC)
Restaurant Hostess Company Name - City , State

* Greet incoming and exiting guests with Forbes Five Star customer service guidelines and take down information for the parties.

© Answered incoming phone calls ona multiline telephone, answered questions and directed their calls accordingly, as well as taking down
reservations for guests.

© Monitored the open tables and seated guest accordingly, helped servers when needed by passing out menus to all guests, transferred guests
from the bar to a table and served them their beverages.

07/2013 to 07/2015
Des urRO cn Or Neri Ce ON MEI HIc)

© Guided interested buyers through the showroom floor.

© Answered questions about fimiture items, prices, and the company.

CN Cle ane nre ore bone aceney cea Rene tin acm

© Worked with individual designers as well as retail companies, partnering them with their appropriate sales agent over that specific territory.
RIP RRL bP)

Lifeguard Company Nam - City , State

* Provided professional and courteous service to cach guest.
Phe omSirce rachis weet maidnedldce Cannas Mcqarrldranc kod anc nenl id nell Meats
to guests and c ompleting a breakdown of the pool each day asthe pool closes.

05/2012 to 10/2012
Lifeguard & Water Safety Instructor Company Name - City , State

Maintained a safe and healthy leaming/recreational enviroment during all Aquatics Prograrrs.

Provided constant surveillance of patrons in the facility to ensure a safé environment.

Completed opening and closing duties as well as mid-day shifts.

Instructing patrons on water familiarization, water safety, and beginner, intermediate and advanced swimming keveb.
