MARKETING SPECIALIST GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Professional Summary
Accomplished, creative marketing professional with proven success in graphic design, corporate marketing commumications, project and event
mmunagement and print production management. Recognized for the ability to perform multiple tasks at one time while meeting multipke client needs,
compkting projects efficiently and within or under budget, and having a high attention to detail. Respected for always setting and meeting high
quality standards, being a team phyer willing to do whatever is needed to get the job done, and building and maintaining honest and loyal
relationships. Seeking creative position that will allow me to use my creative abilities and business acumen to bring a brand to life.
Core Qualifications
Cr atienes
Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign as well as Microsoft Office programs Powerpoint, Word and Excel. Areas of knowledge and
oeroulcten bol helen
Axst Direction (design, illustration, photography)
(Osler ep ict ems
Graphic Design (proficient in Adobe Creative Suites)
Corporate Marketing Commumications
Creative Print and Digital Content Development
Event/Trade Show Management
Print Production Management
Project Management

schivor anes
Marketing Specialist Graphic Designer
January 2005 to January 2016 Company Name i City , State

* Managed strategic direction of corporate brand strategy and creative design for all marketing communications including advertising, digital,
sales collateral, trade publications, website, event marketing and traning mteriab.

Selected Accomplishments: Drove the process and implementation of the corporate brand strategy throughout all communication avenues
and to all target audiences including extensive network of dealers (35 Dealers/250 locations) to maintain brand consistency while increasing
brand awareness.

Developed and designed all corporate marketing commumications including art direction of illustrators, photographers,
copywritersjournalists, printers and industry agencies to ensure on time and on budget campaigns.

Annual printing budget: $300,000 with an annual increase of 15%,

Developed integrated marketing and branding campaigns for all ternal corporate meetings and events.

P\Uoncincssriiuice em cn em mnt

Marketing budgets ranging ftom $500 to $250,000.

Integrated and managed an on-line literature ordering system increasing the visibility and accessibility of product sales collateral.

Includes 150+ skus.

yore eeke eonsromneiie

Built and maintained integral relationships with counterparts at Wirtgen Group headquarters in Germany as well as other Wirtgen Group
subsidiaries throughout the world establishing trust and easing overall communications.

Coordinated and implemented an on-line registration process for training curriculum that automated the registration process allowing for data
ol cdco mn oueLineee crm RU HOB rustic col

Trained additional employees to implement and maintain the ongoing training schedules/changes.

ena
January 2001 to January 2005 Company Name i City , State

© Selected Accomplishments:.

© Conceptualized and designed marketing collateral, public relation campaigns, website, advertising, and press releases resulting in an increase
in fan base, ticket sales and sponsorship acquisitions.

© Managed all day-to-day activities Including budget planning, hiring of staff, player relations, tryouts, game day operations and merchandising,

© Finished with winning records in all four seasons including conference title in 2001 and undefeated season, conference title in 2005.

Art Director
January 2000 to January 2001 Company Name i City , State

CEB CCHS teem eRe RCO UralaeC Relic Moun CeMCCtnEen itll sie em Paced nr iclapecotitd kal ca Okeentniaie
© Designed and directed the production of fimdraising catalog including multiple versions with variable information specific to desired industry.

Art Director
January 1997 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State

Pee Sica cceruRg aed omc CURR ER NAL CIMUE a Rec Un men Leg alliemae aceite
vendor management.

© Established and maintained design clientele throughout three years with company.

* Varied client base including Wittgen America, Bridgestone/Firestone, Horizon Music Group and Bonnaroo.
