DESIGNER STYLIST
Summary

High-achieving Sales Associate offering an extensive background in customer service, sales, client relations and merchandising, Self-directed and
self motivated team player who also works well independently.

Highlights
© Reliable and punctual * Strong communication skills
© Cashhandlngaccuracy © Flexible schedule
© Organized © POS systems
© Time mangerent Di Seesccudcolasniicg
Ce Bontaeranatl ¢ Excellent communication skills
schivor anes
02/2014 to 11/2014

Designer Stylist Company Name 1% City , State

© Cut, trimmed and shaped hair or hairpieces, based on customers’ instructions, hair type and facial features, using clippers, scissors, trimmers
and razors Analyzed patrons’ hair and other physical features to determine and recommend beauty treatment or suggest hair styles
Scheduled client appointments Eyelash extensions Utilized bleach, dye, or tint hair, using applicator or brush Shampooed, rinsed,
conditioned and dried Inir according to state regulations Demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosmetics Used cash register, in
ieee koLeme Mec cntG bute suntan onunt cue ePact Shc mlalicmcne boomy mecca Ein anlte
of 30 transactions each day ina timely manner. Answered customers' questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via
phone. Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. Helped customers select products
that best fit their personal needs. Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store. Educated customers on product
and service offerings.O ffered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand.Consulted with customers on
the latest styles and trends.Kept the showroom clean and maintained neat, orderly product displays. Built customer confidence by actively
Jicttoned OM vei menLeancet eu winces| pecs isis Gat biele

PPPS BOT e)
Stylist and Receptionist Company Name i City , State

© Cut, trimmed and shaped hair or hairpieces, based on customers’ instructions, hair type and facial features, using clippers, scissors, trimmers
and razors Analyzed patrons’ hair and other physical features to determine and recommend beauty treatment or suggest hair styles
Scheduled client appointments Eyelash extensions Utilized bleach, dye, or tint hair, using applicator or brush Shampooed, rinsed,
conditioned and dried Inir according to state regulations Demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosmetics Used cash register, in
charge of daily total sales, and answered phone. Computed sales prices, total purchases and processed payments. Described merchandise
and explain operation of merchandise to customers.Operated a cash register to process cash, check and credit card
transactions. Administered all point of sale opening and closing procedures. Exphined information about the quality, value and style of
products to Influence customer buying decisions.

07/2012 to 09/2012
Asya Qe ee LAL OLS MMC Htc.

© Cut, trimmed and shaped hair or hairpieces, based on customers’ instructions, hair type and facial features, using clippers, scissors, trimmers
and razors Analyzed patrons’ hair and other physical features to determine and recommend beauty treatment or suggest hair styles
Scheduled client appointments Men!s Haircut Utilized bleach, dye, or tint hair, using applicator or brush Shampooed, rinsed, conditioned
and dried hair according to state regulations Demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosiretics. Administered all point of sale opening
and closing procedures.Guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape.

01/2011 to 01/2012
Student Stylist Company Name i City , State

© Cut, trimmed and shaped hair or hairpieces, based on customers’ instructions, hair type and facial features, using clippers, scissors, trimmers
and razors Analyzed patrons’ hair and other physical features to determine and recommend beauty treatment or suggest hair styles
Scheduled client appointments Utilized bleach, dye, or tint hair, using applicator or brush Shampooed, rinsed, conditioned and dried hair
according to state regulations Demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosmetics. Explained information about the quality, value and
style of products to Influence customer buying decisions.Guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape.

brairestbeny
vA
Cosmetology License : Licensed Cosmetologist Marinello's School of Beauty 4 City , State , USA

Licensed Cosmetologist Glendale, CA

State of California Barbering and Cosmetology: KK538342
