FLORAL DESIGNER

Summary

Floral Designer with more than six years experience in artistically arranging real flowers, leaves, and other decorations; nmking bouquets, wreaths,
wedding decorations, and other kinds of floral designs.

schivor anes

Floral Designer 08/2017 Company Name City , State

Floral Designer Freelancer 06/2017 Company Name City , State

Floral Designer Freelancer 11/2016 Company Name City , State

© Created exciting wedding arrangements, bridal bouquets and centerpieces.
Floral designer 08/2015 to 06/2016 Company Nar City , State

* Decorated luxurious rooms for VIP guests (such as Presidents, Princess of Thailand, Arab Sheikhs).A
® Ordered and purchased flowers from growers and wholesalers.

© Designed lobby flower arrangennnts.

© Decorated private hotel rooms and private dinners.

© Designed, arranged, and wrapped varieties of spiral bouquets for guests.

Floral Designer 09/2013 to 07/2015 Company Nam City , State

© Created exciting wedding and anniversary arrangements, bridal bougets and centerpieces.
Floral Designer 08/2011 to 06/2013 Company Name City , State

Designed holiday, wedding, and graduation event displays using fresh flower arrangements.
Decorated hotel halls and private rooms.

Stocked, cut, and watered plants and flowers.

Itemized and totaled purchases for individual and corporate customers.

Ordered and purchased flowers from growers and wholesalers.

Ensured health and cleanliness of flowers and foliage before storage.

Pacem goby rem Oe SC ORM CH ReC rear tCe

Advised customers on how to look after the flowers or plants they buy.

Highlights
7 SES Tuto uid oe eR ERE a gem
© Understanding art, style, and use of colorA Inmited resourcesA
* Makeing up bouquets and arrangements based on own ideas, design books ¢ Experienced ina wide variety of live flowers
and customers’ requirements © Organized to keep on top of multipk orders and
CMa icherneetrcticarne cere e mu ict complicated projects

brairestbeny

2003 Republican Art College City , Uzbekistan

als

Painting, swinrning, cooking,A photographing, phying piano
