INTERIOR DESIGNER
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position with a reputed organization, where I can utilize my skills to contribute the organization's success, a position where my
education, experience and motivation allow me to make a valuable contribution.
Highlights
© Proficient in AutoCAD
* Adobe InDesign
Adobe Photoshop
Concept development
Drafting
Photography
Ry erteeme) ariniae
Product specifications
Interior architectural detailng
Color and mnterial application
CMe Zro ce cae anterior)

schivor anes
01/2015 to 01/2016
Interior Designer Company Name

* Create comprehensive drawings perfectly referring to available notes, sketches, and tender drawings received from contractors.
© Prepare detailed technical content.

© Create drawings using AutoCAD for fabrication and production.

* Apply modifications on Shop Drawings as per received revisions from consultants.

© Prepare a full Submittal of Shop Drawings.

10/2013 to 06/2014
Company Name

© Shop drawings and Preparation of architectural shop drawings and details.
Cer COOs yom ionizeencteke men cene btn asm

© Make frequent and efficient site visits to check on quality of works.

© Ensure implementation of designs and plans on site.

01/2013 to 01/2016
Interior Designer

* Assign meeting with clients.

© Planning and decorating interior spaces as per client's requests and needs.

© Draw up sketches or designs in order to help clients visualize how their space will look.
* Recommend finishes and treatments for all areas of the space.

© Make frequent and efficient site visits to check on work.

© Ensure implementation of designs and plans on site.

PE ROR 0G
Fashion Designer

* Design clothing and accessories, creating original garments or design garments that follow well established fashion trends.
© Develop the line of color and kinds of mterials.

® Visiting textile showrooms to keep up-to-date on the latest fabrics.

© Work with the stitching staff to ensure design protocols are being followed.

brairestbeny

Oe)

Bachelor of Arts : Interior Design Lebanese Intemational University i City Lebanon
vb

Baccalaureate : Life Sciences Nazh Bizi High School #4 City Lebanon Life Sciences
tec

Paenan one icietne wesley om

CHARACTERISTICS

Strong team player with excellent communication skills
Able to meet deadlines

Noni aRanlicmealiccrtuemsiatislce

Ability to analyze the critical issues.
