INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER
Summary
Dedicated, efficient, and versatile professional credited with combining project management and data analysis, and grant writing expertise to lead
companies toward improved collaboration, organization, and productivity. Proven track record of developing and implementing record-keeping
and organizational systems that streamline operations. Demonstrated ability to create and foster strong working relationships with colleagues and
clients. Strong communicator, with particular expertise in grant writing, new program implementation, and deadline adherence.
Highlights
© Course DesignA
Project Management
Verbal & Written Communication
yo) Ra sihecas nanan end
DAAC Ro lont eee cee tuned
Ctra rhe
Hiring/On-Boarding & New Hire Orientation
sSCarrim syste sii
Oe stator eRelaleerien)
New Process Implementation
Deadline Adherence

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Instructional Designer 11/2016 to Current

Assist faculty in designing online, hybrid, and face-to-face courses.

Assist faculty in identifying, testing, and implementing innovative and new technologies.

Assist faculty in designing appropriate assessments mapped to course, program, or institutional objectives.

Assist faculty in in ensuring compliance with copyright, intellectual property, and accessibility.

Provide one-on-one faculty training and guidance on use of in-class and online technologies.

Attended workshops on keaming goals, classroom mangement, student motivation and engaging keaming activities.
Developed partnerships with industry and secondary education institutions.

(Oe ie ctm Ren eel eeeae abs beinubcecc Otome

Company Name City , State Grants and Contracts Coordinator 01/2007 to 01/2012

Associate recruited to manage students’ financial accounts.

Reconciled new institutional loans and advances with financial aid, processed deferment and forbearance requests, verified new loans and
advances for each term, uploaded borrower information to campus partners, and posted various transactions to appropriate software.
Facilitator in building successfil partnerships with local commumity, industry and statewide organizations to assess skill and training
requirements to fulfill commumity needs.

Coordinated the planning and preparation of grant proposals to include gathering required data and writing proposal.

Provided vision, direction and overall implementation of the grant to align with approved grant award.

Created and distributed all reporting to grant authority.

Coordinated additional continuing education programs as needed.

Company Name City , State Marrow Donor Program Coordinator 01/2005 to 01/2006

© Performed all duties of the Marrow Donor Program related to promotion, fundraising, recruitment, retention, search and management of
donors.

* Coordinated large annual findraising event, the Miracle Match Marathon with Waco Firefighters.

¢ Escort for donor and courier for stem cell donation.

Company Name City , State Clinical Research Coordinator 01/1998 to 01/2005

Coordinated and implemented two large cancer prevention trials and various treatment trials.

Marketing, screening/recruitrent of participants for the trial, Data collection and Reporting.

Selo esrocellelecwemlce behest once

Innovatively created and tracked research studies using Excel, easing the task of completing daily status reports.

Company Name City , State Clinical Research Associate 01/1995 to 01/1998

© Reviewed Research Protocol Institutional Review Board and Institutional Research Committee submissions assuring all guidelines were met
prior to review by the board members.
¢ Prepared agenda and minutes for Institutional Review Board Institutional Research Committee meetings.

brairestbeny

Masters of Education : Instructional Design 2016 Westem Govemor's University , City, State, USA

Bachelor of Science : Health Sciences 2001 Texas A&M University Corpus Christi , City , State Health Sciences

Associates of Applied Science : Medical Office Information Systems 1995 Temple Colkge , City , State Medical Office Informtion Systems
