DESIGNER/ TECHNICAL DESIGNER
Summary

Creative fashion designer with background in the catagories of swim, intimate apparel, loungewear, and sportswear. Experience designing wovens
and cut and sew knits, creating technical drawings and packages. Excellent time managerrent, organizational skills, and work ethic.

Sra Nita ne

Cee BeantlceRouiivel ki cco MM Catrr cea (iio)

© Technical packages PAE Ctronasiosnd

© Line sheets * Comespondence with overseas vendors
Accomplishments

Co-founded Ulihu, a men's and women's underwear and loungewear company. Oversaw design and technical design ofall pieces and managed
production in New York City.

Experience
Designer / Technical Designer
January 2013 to August 2015 Company Name - City , State

Responsible for research, development, and design for each season Prepare technical packages for all styles (Excel & Illustrator) Source and
place orders for all fabrics and trims for sampling and production Oversee domestic development and production - all in NYC Communicate with
factories to ensure proper fit and construction as well as maintaining timelines Attend all fittings - Responsibke for overall fit of product Review and
approve all sampks (Fit, Pre-pro, and T.O.P.).

(Oeics ecuLom eMC ieeuckona acy
June 2001 to August 2015 Company Name - City, State

Presented and finalized costumes for all characters. Purchased and/or made all costumes, within agreed upon budget. Fit all garments and made
alterations. Created costume plot from script using Synch OnSet. Facilitated loans from several designers and showrooms.

User enacts
October 2012 to March 2013 Company Name - City, State

Assisted in product development at all stages of'sportswear. Daily Correspondence with domestic factories in New York City garment district.
Attended fittings and took notes. Made all updates to sketches for technical packages and relayed changes to vendors. Created line sheets and
istiae Rane Re aon noice

Associate Designer
April 2010 to October 2012 Company Name - City , State

Ralph Lauren Skepwear / Loungewear Responsible for design developrent of FOA and FOE loungewear programs as well as assisting head
designer in development of Lauren Skepwear line.

Research and develop existing and emerging concepts and trends as inspiration for color, fabric, and silhouette Use research to develop seasonal
trends and produce product presentations including color boards, concept boards, prin/story boards, and full figure / flat sketch designs to help
sell concepts to buyers Partner with Merchandising to edit line Create detailed flat sketches (using Illustrator) from illustrations or mock ups for
tech packs as well as catalog and line sheets Prepare and pass design detail sheets and trim sheets for all designs to technical design Work with
technical design to achieve highest quality and best fit possible Responsible for administration and follow up of product design process including
daily communication with multiple overseas vendors to ensure product development for all design related questions Attend all prototype and pre
production sample meetings to review garments and note changes Participate in fittings - make revisions to sketches and design packages as
needed Create and mamage trim sheets, line sheets, boards, seasonal books, and tear books.

FNM @ eS
May 2009 to August 2009 Company Name - City, State

Photographed and described all incoming assets from designers - vintage/inspiration and prototype/heritage pieces.
Assisted designers in searching and pulling garments to fit a particular theme or query - styk, cut, color, print, or detailing,
CO rlocSrelecmine Rabe Ce une CH ETON Om CSurontip aes em

Assistant Designer
August 2006 to October 2008 Company Name - City, State

Assisted designer through all phases of the design process from concept to creation Created detailed flat sketches with specs (by hand and
computer - Adobe Illustrator) Completed all initial stages of product development including tech packs, cutters must and issuing style marbers
Attended fittings, took notes, and commumicated all updates to pattemmakers Communicated with head pattemmaker and seanstresses on a daily
