KICHEN/BATH DESIGNER & SALES

Perle RST NTT sI Nd

I have experienced most phases of architectural and interior design over my years in the business. I began in commercial design, space planning,
specifying, and decorating offices, including reception areas, conference rooms, large and smull cubicle spaces using Steelcase, Stow Davis and
Westinghouse ASD (aka Knoll).

T have designed medical/dental offices and hospital areas, retail spaces, showrooms, trade show exhibits, salons, restaurants, night clubs, apartment
eee ance ceei oes eum NM oes b oma ecurc bin tecaucccee ise Ooebiinccm canis ronceti sb ed
remodeling projects, including all specifications and the final decorating. I have specialized in all phases of window treatments, from measuring to
installation. I have specialized in kitcher/bath and storage design.A I am familiar with building codes and have been skillful at trade-specific CAD
peut ice

Thave also done site planning and landscape design.A At one point I was involved in site planning and development ofan entire subdivision.
Work History

Te Een iI eAUt0)

KicherBath Designer & Sales Company Name 4€* City , State

¢ Began inclient cabinet, countertop & appliance sales, which includes orrsite measuring, space-planning design, style & finish selection,
clone) varie RlBadel Leite axilla

© Consulted with clients to determine architectural preference to meet overall design goals.

CPCS Ca one a nameeiccarlheem uae liege ee beCene Rare

© Successfilly resolved complex technical design issues.

OCT PAU VOR OR UPA)
ShowroonyHome Show Designer Company Name 4€“ City , State

Keep showroom vignettes at home office location and showroom locations around the state updated with newest cabinet styles,
countertops, appliances and other current materials.

Pu Kcmomen nai annel) coe A UEECom NEA cis ml baCen Briar a One clues ccm eerce heen remotes)
Bee nlc yo RN Eca TPES CeN aco reir crea

‘The position of Showroom/Home Show Exhibit Designer was created specifically for me by General Manager, however, change in
management resulted in elimination of the position and my job.

ORL
Assistant Store Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Responsibilities Open and close retail store, assist customers making wallpaper or window treatment sekctions, set and keep home
measure/sekection appomtirents, place orders, receive orders, arrange and oversee installation appointments, etc.

© Consulted with clients to determine architectural preference to meet overall design goals.

Assisted clients with budget considerations regarding products and materials.

¢ Skills Used Business, design & sales skills

SU SSIS AOE aL Sara cue el Se cemcnn i genu eke eB Mn LE toa ee Le CLCs A The family had
Rocunia tice PE nav amtnice onan pretreat Wes OR responsibk, apparently, for some poor management decisions, resulting in the parent
COT Nemes Tob et eng Roopa ean Maeon cw

06/1991 to 09/1994

Owner/Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

Converted 7500 square feet of commercial space into 24 individual offices of varying sizes, several cubicle spaces, large and small conference
em rccoM Loe emanate eens erinied

Individual offices were rented to Dee cats business persons by the month, cubicks by the day or hour.A All phone calls answered by staffand
peste i.cd Dae Secretarial services available to tenants, as well as outside clients, for an hourly fee.A Conference rooms avaiable ona daily
or hourly basis.A_ Other business services included hosting meetings or conferences and publishing marketing materials for tenants and outside
rons

Building was sold in 1993 and new owner had other plans for the space and refused to renew the lease. PM Urene nce dorcnecckerscrind
PARA Unie mon ey aNeS oe. Re cetiloceR Cb renee miler sch kd ccc ici cccp rere

f@Tisiailg

Principal Company Name a€* City , State

CRO snicM Kalan Ok onnincrenicuine be crarser bu cameo) kelosue seri cy
© Originated and developed creative design concepts.

CPCS Ca oer a nameeiccarlberm ue lieg eee DMC ne parce

© Successfilly resolved complex technical design issues.
