ELECTRICAL CAD DESIGNER
Summary
Highly motivated team player with a vast skill set and strong work ethic.A. Proficient in computer aided design (CAD). Experienced in Autocad
and Microstation. Oresite installation experience both domestically and internationally. Fluent in both verbal and written Spanish.A
Highlights
* Excellent commumication techniques « Complex problemsolver

© Multidisciplinary exposure © SharePoint

Cie grecamnsliarand © Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio

* Lean principles knowkedge ¢ Engineering operational fimetions

© AutoCAD expert Cerca nvasiciwuind
Accomplishments

Mastered proprietary engineering software programs and systems.
Provided orrsite field installation assistance and training both domestically and intermtionally.
Accomplished in writing technical training, troubleshooting, and reference documentation in both English and Spanish.

CAD coordinator for the Controls and Electrical Groups.

Lean Six Sig certification at Yellow Belt and Green Belt leveb.

schivor anes

ELECTRICAL CAD DESIGNER 05/2012 to 03/2017 Company Name City , State

Wear eo AD ecluremN OP ics ee rclicee oredr eeret y

* Create and assist in creating and maintaining accurate electrical drawings such as pln views of electrical equipment, one Ime and riser
diagrarrs, panel schematics, panelboard schedules and lighting plans.

Sinema inedwiencE Out reniis soutien er ree Ge CB Oni gree uineue RE LC MOA DR neLomeecUleLececs

Write scopes of work for electrical contractors.

Order equipment.

Support the North Anerican factories by providing drawings, technical information or spare parts andA designing minor projects.

PROJECT PLANNER 01/2011 to 05/2012 Company Name City , State
Project Planner for the Machine Manufacturing - Global Glass Technology group.

* Track orders of machine parts for on-time delivery to mchine shops and glass manufacturing facilities based on production schedules .A
CEO cA L au ane

Pa eLearn nachos einer

© Customer Service Representative to third party suppliers and machine shops

© Coordinator of the machine parts repair program.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 09/2008 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State
Global Equipment Sales - Global Glass Technology.

Monaro meat rec.
Rar auctieerln inet cy
¢ Expedite rush shipments in emergency situationsA

PROCESS CONTROL DESIGNER AND FIELD SERVICE TECHNICIAN 11/1998 to 09/2008 Company Narre City , State
Process Control Services - Global Gls Technology.

Se ube cos mee be SUR SLeesenaLCM ELC une I eae ig le dee Ra Lae dete Guess eae
Came an Soa oen Le Bt coL suena lal corey

A ienelt seers Leer ust Unea

Perform fimetional check out of completed panels.

OldorlibsiLdbicbra cree tiencna

W rite scope of work and specifications for field contractors

© Orrsite installation and training both domestically and internationally in both English and Spanish.

¢ Write technical training and troubleshooting documents for both plant personnel and colleagues.

¢ Teach training classes on new and existing systems and equipment in both English and Spanish.

Education
