JEWELRY DESIGNER AND OWNER.
Summary

Skillful and dedicated Executive Assistant with extensive experience in the coordination, planning and support of daily operational and
BCs s Peabo cmiee iulveeenreanilenvcen asa

bs hranianie
* Microsoft Office proficiency © Social media knowledge
© Proper phone etiquette © Database management
© Time management CE Oteremicayeceseat ice
Cae donee ¢ Meeting planning
¢ Professional and mature ¢ Travel administration
Cong aniceag © Legal administrative support
© Works well under pressure Caolacntics

schivor anes

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Jewelry Designer and Owner

© Hand craffed beaded and one-of-a-kind chy jewelry creations.
© Store presence on Etsy.com

© Business is promoted throughout various social media outlets.

© My objective is be involved in local arts and crafis shows.

September 2013

to

April 2015

Company Name City , State Logistics Service Representative

* Safely transported lab specimens, medical records, pharmaceuticals, x-rays, hospital supplies, interoffice mail, and related material.
© Operated a hand-held scanning device to accurately track items through the transportation cyck.

© Strictly observed operating policies, procedures and service schedules.

Doreictelerkel Ot Ree iccetrela minicar on

Presented a professional image to clients and the public through appearance and interaction.

Conducted pre/post trip vehicle inspections and nnintained a clean, neat, and orderly vehicle.

Provided highest level of customer service.

Pee WAU)

to

August 2013

QO ANE O hAEoCEGete er Baad

* PRIME INC: Over the road team truck driver; reffigerated division transporting goods throughout the US and Canada Courier of expedited
small package delivery throughout Ohio and surrounding states.
© EXPRESS-1: Over the road team truck driver; box truck division transporting goods throughout the US and Canada.

October 2002

to

Novenber 2008

Company Name City , State Legal Administrative Assistant

© Assistant to the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of'a commercial real estate developer.

© Provided additional support to the Senior Vice President of Asset Management and the Human Resources Director.

© My primary responsibilities included, but were not limited to: Typing comespondence and kegal documents; Transcription; Creating AIA
(Anrrican Institute of Architects) documents; Maintaining executives' calendars; Scheduling appointrents, meetings, travel arrangements;
Maintaining legal filing system, confidential employee files and managed employee time offrecords; Maintaining records management for on-
site and off-site document storage; Preparing expense reports; Maintaining confidential legal binders and closing bibks; Screening, handling
and forwarding incoming calls; Acting as back up assistant to the Chairman & CEO of the company, Responsible for purchasing the office
supplies, office equipment, stationery, business cards and other miscellaneous supplies; Preparing accounting budget reports on all
purchased products and performing tasks in an extremely confidential, timely, accurate and efficient manner.

Nn eemAuil

to

September 2002

Company Name City , State Customer Service Representative

© Inbound member services call center.
