MARKETING COORDINATOR/GRAPHIC DESIGNER

Professional Summary

Passionate person with two years of experience as a marketing coordinator. Strong adaptability to new working environment and willing to earn
new skills and take on new challenges. Skilled in designing campaign materials and promotional items using InDesign and Illustrator. Seeking a
eS LBC MALE Reon SNe eR era cules Rene ee ces erm iaieverGremocl aera ek clinby) aN

Core Qualifications

Excellent Mandarin Chinese writing and speaking skills. Computer Knowledge MS Word MS Excel MS PowerPoint MS Outlook Windows 7
Mac OSX CS InDesign CS Illustrator

Experience

Marketing coordinator/Graphic designer

January 2013 to December 2013 Company Nan - City, State

© Coursework and Project: Case Studies in Advertising and Public Relations Through investigation of real AD and PR cases, specifically
targeting the influence of advertising in Asia such as China, Japan and Korea, setting up advertising objectives, creating advertismg
campaigns, and measuring advertising effectiveness.

Compkted project: "Advertising to Chiddren in Japan's, "Research of Oreo Campaigns" Theories, Models and Practices in Integrated
Marketing Communication Set up personal company: initial preparation included market research, establishing a Mission Staterrent,
targeting audience, setting core values, positioning lines (a marketing words wiat used to be called "slogans") SWOT(strengths,
weaknesses, opportunities and threats) establishing the main products.

PCa cen) Weens Nines TON Uma Me Lesilba nce aan oud eck aeeineterling
Ro antes suv mole Uemoomnennrekra Bom euaccnane

Individually completing all posters and designs.

Desktop Publishing -Masters project Magazine designed: Flavors- Taste the world http//issuu.conywudan3/docs/flavors_taste_the_world
Other related courses included: Perspectives in Global Leadership, Theories and Applications of Persuasion.

°

Advertising Producer
February 2012 to December 2012 Company Name - City, State

© Used Adobe Audition to dub, edit, and choose proper soundtracks to finalize ads.

© Created and edited ads for certain products that obtained positive feedback from clients and successfilly played through radio and
Roars oe

CP Ave erthnn hme nar ccnimce Cerrone ne obaure nie loatat erase ney a

© Incharge of editing news and audio production.

Xoo tne oxcon vem nant)
May 2011 to August 2011 Company Name - City

CRB iencebrag elenmnbrh) igi Uren RC econ ne elroM valnomi i iatLad
© Kept in touch wih past clients and potential clients.
© Conducted internal and external meetings, controlling the atmosphere and proceeding,

Wat aynaw ACS SGTIS
February 2014 to June 2014 Company Name - City , State

¢ Assisted in providing consulting services to a Shenzhen Investment company including evaluating diverse portfolios, performing property
analysis, identifying valuations of tangible and intangible real estate-related assets.

NIWarneCotues Buel mun lculnern Seon ccs muni creguociekoe) lneniincya enn om nilamco key aig
resources and requirements.

Obtained comprehensive marketing analysis and developed a strategy base on customer input such as: "We want to purchase new
eorsnrabemeon ieee ucboe es icca Eircmulilitenck ere rei ate lM Nebr cke acct noie cube an aesesl Mi e(antiac|
several potential shopping mulls and new construction buildings in various cities in the Bay Area and Los Angeks by using a commercial real
Csr Crees onthe este ae

Met with Mayor Milpitas Jose Esteves to recognize a fiture project, an Asian-themed shopping center - Pacific Mall for potential

PeeTT POH aO SO LTHN

Contacted Los Angeles Local realtor and personally went over to inspect projects with investors.

Worked through property documents to understand current and fiture contact, risk scenarios, and properties’ current management and

ae rrisin acm

© Explored reducing risk for our clients, providing honor reports revealing that there was no suitable investment opportunity within investors!

defined geographic target area.
PEE SSH Sob Ral sieahenneee oneaonibeabenci Rulice once bLeranl os anecm@iicinecein eRe nie bree boninltoey

cy

Education

Master of Corporate Media : 2011 Marietta College

BS Bachelor of Science : Accounting Marketing , 2010 Utah State University Accounting Marketing

Nas

Adobe, AD, ads, Advertising, audio production, basic, budget phnning, Chinese, com, Computer Knowkdge, consulting, content, client, clients,
