WEB DESIGNER/GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
PODER enema cuomeOniamiageelenca ded evecke sili srcce Raul arcs ones cone lio toar creck tye
eR Molcrares uc) iee wnetneRcc um VAL crelnendqeer licen narlianei couric licanm nnn eeararacdtns kessrliitcy
related education, oral, written and interpersonal skills. Positively impact the quality of work, acquisition ofnew business and client retention goals.
bra nianey

Proficient in Dreannveaver, Photoshop, QuarkXPress, InDesign, Microsoft Word and PowerPoint; Foundational skills in Illustrator and
Microsoft Excel Copyediting, proofreading, HTML and CSS editing In depth knowledge of Business Development and Proposal response and
coordination process

Experience

01/2010

Web Designer/Graphic Designer Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Manufacturer of Expansion Joints and Hose Manage front-end web site design to project a visually appealing image of company products
BiB Teneo nsc aan

Manage all assigned projects from conceptualization to impkmentation.

Coordinating and communicating with stakehoXers in all stages of work to achieve desired message and impact.

Update existing site content through collaboration with subject matter experts to ensure industry relevancy and accuracy.

Develop and redesign company catalogs, periodic intemal publications, industry advertisements and sell sheets ina manner that will project
BR obec usb rrsuekineBiecwimubleeiher sl Braver om lnekeen sd

© Overhauled the visual appeal and readability of previously developed technical and product catalogs through extensive redesigning,

0 20 COR x Ottis vane
Web, Graphics and Written Communications Consultant

© Family In Distress, Inc., Augustine Monica Films, LaGrande Famille Preschool, Black Pearl, Inc.

Web site design and maintenance for a variety of clients to provide or enhance online presence, as well as promote the sale of products and
Rose

Provide graphic design support for non-profit, small business and individual clients to project a professional and polished print image to
Taiyaasiee annem

Merb Ren ielt too ee Loman eeineRa ican wears shiek Cail Kila yur en iO RAL ONT TCL Ne NTTCS td
coor

01/2008 to 01/2012
Copy Editor and Proofteader Company Name 1% City , State

Pe re unenmo Rome Renae mM ewe nme en Hb eS ccLew nrc orew sl Nop AlN AaNumc Hor meeed (he
SOE EPs retmeresnialvOne Bone E CG iiunbenb esc es]

© Copyedited nutritional research studies for accuracy according to ADA's guidelines including citation, termmology and specified table
formiting for consistency throughout the extensive user-friendly online library.

¢ Funneled docunnnts to lead editors for final publication and online availability to dietetic and nutrition professionals, researchers and
advocates workiwide.

COTE OR Tet
Proposal Specialist Company Name 1% City , State

Provided professional proposal development support to all divisions of the ARAMARK Corporation.
Achievements Received "2006 Top Producer” Award for overall annual production and outstanding peer review.
Recognized as "Quarterly Top Producer” several quarters over the course of eight-year tenure at ARAMARK.
Recipient ofabove average annual merit raises as a result of outstanding performance reviews.
Key Responsibilities: Executed analysis and preparation of RFP'S/RFQ'S/RFI'S in coordination with ARAMARK business development
[estan y coy fecc 12
Ensured responses were completed and received operating in a fast-paced, deadline-driven and time-sensitive environment.
¢ Coordinated with ARAMARK company resources to develop business winning, quality custommed responses to RFP/RFQ/RFI's including
Poel aces acco ence eiveke ecay cornet) (cae etc men sa tCe
Applied ARAMARK corporate methodology and quality assurance procedures to ensure unified branded message and inmage were
delivered every time.
© Impknented use ofstandard corporate response sections based on boilerphte.
CEE e akan ca lomineneiteciinmtne mura arose ya
Pee War OrietKacee nes eee ieee nee e bicep nec eenimancremnaleiexenn one] verre key tiltae
syntax and grammar.
CREO reLocBiesl CedrorencenilinkO lune ecm UL ON LOOM Matar guile epoch
Assisted in the development and maintenance of database/repository of past responses and supplemental documents including client
Pra aiar Se moan T SL Mens Bytom
PE cca Oe cen orte ds cocid cls ib ean nerdsrecr nS acinconsuneca lence nena kerclbe yaaa
eras RO meee Coie norms Ca One uee nee Tne Reson co
