CAD DESIGNER
Summary
Personable CAD Designer/Drafter who communicates openly and effectively with all involved, from construction site workers to company CEOs.

Successfiilly sees projects through from initial planning stages to completion. Highly skilled with broad expertise. Successfil at anticipating future
issues and implementing creative solutions.

bs hranianie
AS ene ee * Map creation software
¢ Erosion and sedimentation control i, uae uaeanied
© Technical plan execution ‘ Fa die a
* Civl3D
or Land use approval process
" pivaderinela tad a ; , eeneroeaenr
© Water piping design ae cena
* Conplex problemsolver Maser cen is
" Piatt ies R © Highly accurate
i aa © Independent worker
schivor anes

CAD DESIGNER 01/2002 to 01/2003 Company Nan City , State

Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.Produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.Controlled
budget and established company efficiency policies to maximize profits.Surveyed project sites to establish reference points to guide
construction. Monitor construction site progress and managed issues that arose.

CAD DESIGNER 01/2003 to 01/2004 Company Nan City , State

Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.Produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.Controlled
budget and established company efficiency policies to maximize profits.

SURVEY TECH 01/2004 to 01/2007 Company Name City , State

Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.Produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.Controlled
budget and established company efficiency policies to maximize profits.Surveyed project sites to establish reference points to guide
construction. Monitor construction site progress and managed issues that arose.

CAD DESIGNER 01/2007 to 02/2008 Company Nan City , State

Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.Produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets. Advised
the project manager regarding construction mnterial costs and quantity calculations. Implemented complex design software and drawing took to
pn and design transportation and hydraulic systers.

CAD DRAFTER 05/2008 to 06/2008 Company Name City , State

Drafted detailed drawings of structures, specifying dimensions and materials needed.Reported on status of design process and cost analysis to
project manager.Collaborated with builders to see that construction was in line with drawings and designs.

MARKETING REP 07/2008 to 02/2009 Company Name City , State

Interviewed prospective clients to leam about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage.Processed applications, payments,
corrections, endorsements and cancellations.Called warm leads each week to expand client base.Promoted agency products to customers in
person, on the telephone and in writing Prepared necessary paperwork to process insurance sales and renewals.

MARKETING REP 02/2009 to 04/2009 Company Name City , State

Interviewed prospective clients to leam about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage.Processed applications, payments,
corrections, endorsements and cancellations.Called warm leads each week to expand client base.Promoted agency products to customers in
person, on the telephone and in writing.

MARKETING REP 04/2009 to 06/2011 Company Name City , State

Promoted agency products to customers in person, on the telephone and in writing Processed applications, payments, corrections, endorsements
and cancellations. Interviewed prospective clients to leam about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage.

MARKETING REP 01/2011 to 02/2012 Company Name City , State

Interviewed prospective clients to leam about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage.Processed applications, payments,
corrections, endorsements and cancellations.Called warm leads each week to expand client base.
