PRE-PRESS GRAPHIC DESIGNER

Summary

Creative, hardworking designer seeking a full-time desktop job, educated as a graphic artist, past experience in business workl as a desktop
publisher laying out designs for printed nnil and advertisements, in local goverment designing new websites with graphics for different agencies
within the system, and later for the same goverment printing and reproduction center creating documents to be printed offa press or copiers.
Skills

Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat Professional

Strongly familiar with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Publisher / also QuarkXPress

Basic knowledge of web development with Adobe Dreamveaver, HTML, WordPress

Abke to perform graphic design and administrative fimctions

Able to work as a team player and independently

morarecemrsnege belLemTeaka rid Mew sonst emery a Cole

Provides excellent customer service (in-person, by phone, emuil, or interoffice mail)

Prioritizes and calmly handles multiple projects and requests

Listens to directions, takes notes for later reference, follows procedures

Knowledge of design setup on computer for jobs to be printed by outside vender or in-office copiers

schivor anes
FAV Sek @racanis
Pre-Press Graphic Designer Company Name 14 City , State

Create new designs for variety of iterns like manuals, newsletters, and posters.

Use termphites for updated documents like envelopes, ketterheads, and business cards.
Proof jobs for initial and final customer approval.

Manufactures a high-quality PDF file digitally for proofing, photocopying and offset printing.
Performs file backup and organizes system for easy recovery.

Maintains and monitors supply inventory and orders items when needed.

Operates photocopying equipment, includes sending approved docurrents to printer.
Assists in the bindery department, using the folder and manual paper cutter for small jobs.
Ako can use bindery equipment, like the fastback and GBC binding of spines.

Mounts and laminates to foam boards, manually trims to size.

Ensures timely submission of files to production.

04/2000 to 01/2008
Web Designer Company Name 1% City , State

© Created new sites and made updates to current sites; created graphics to use on web pages; scanned documents and converted digital files
for links on sites; maintained updates and corrections on sites; answered email and phone call requests from departments about site changes;
ee MccR UNS tckeeenerceP ened nen eneerne

SEERA)
Des Pune Lamon sin aN at Os mace (a

© Performed set-up and conversion of documents from Mac to PC then to UNIX systems; used QuarkXPress on Mac for the set-up of many
jobs; sent to network to be used by programmers for "targeted" direct mail printouts; trained new team staff members; helped with clean-up
when company shut down.

STARE eu
Graphic Designer Company Name 1% City , State

® Temporary office jobs using Macintosh computers to design files to be printed for various companies like:
© Alltel Publishing,

Ce alo annie res B hres

® HKM Marketing Communications.

© Nationwide Advertising.

Education and Training

May 1997

Bachelor of Fine Arts Alfred University 1% City , State

Work History

Company Name

Skills

administrative fimctions, Acrobat, Adobe Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Advertising, backup, Basic, business cards, conversion, excellent customer
service, direct mail, ermal, fax, graphic design, graphics, HTML, Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Mac, Macintosh computers, Marketing
Communications, Excel, mail, office, PowerPoint, Publisher, Microsoft Word, monitors, network, newsketters, takes notes, PDF, copiers, posters,
printer, printers, proofing, quality, QuarkXPress, supply inventory, team player, phone, UNIX, web developrrent, web pages
