INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER
Summary

Motivating and talented Instructional Designer driven to inspire students to pursue academic and personal excellence. Strives to create a
challenging and engaging keaming environment in which students become life-long kamers.

Perentens

© Effective use of multi-media teaching tools

Innovative teaching methods
Accomplished academic advisor
Innovative thinker

CMO inden teebectiteeg

CJ
* Exceptional written and verbal communicator :
CJ

Natural kader

schivor anes
Company Name August 2012 to Current Instructional Designer
lena El CG

Collaborate one on one with subject matter experts during new online course development and design.

Appraise course creation quality by identifying and providing for developmental needs and take corrective action when necessary.

Apply the appropriate leaming theory, instructional theory, and applications of media to online instruction,

Phan, design, and develop effective instructional materials that are fimctional, intuitive, informative, and consistent with sound instructional
design principles for online leaming,

Plan and develop faculty workshops and trainings in areas of instructional design and in the use of specific instructional technology took, to
assist faculty with kaming about educational technology and online instructional methods.

Remain current with and have a thorough understanding of the emerging applications of instructional multimedia, instructional technology and
trends in online education, and implement improvements.

Research, evaluate and recommend appropriate hardware and software to achieve academic objectives.

Peer Reviewer certified for Quality Matters and and Adjunct Instructor, teaching Introduction to Online Leaming and Colkege Studies.

Company Name July 2011 to August 2012 Intemmet Support Specialist
lena El CG

Answered basic and complex computer questions related to the college's learning management system - Blackboard, for faculty in-person
or via e-mail or telephone; facilitated "start-up" for intemet courses for faculty and students; handled initial contact with internet students;
taught login procedures and other start-up skills to students for keaming effectively online; provided all faculty training and support on

e/a NOOR NCO OM ct LIne eRe yOu tm OMe leom ica Cet Bn ideLcace Mima Cerda lnLencme Te liCemsDe RTE SCS
audio and kaming object software; prepared tutorials for faculty and students on common procedures that pertained to online leaming;
worked with the Instructional Designer to provide group trainings for faculty on Blackboard or distance kearning software; nnintained the
Colas Men nlenwemict liom LRueliena cL iCeeb AO niiLen Or eee nraceronelbomialcee Koetices acl siveTee Lal Bi
the recycling process between semesters; maintained the web pages for the Distance Learning department.

Company Name July 2008 to July 2011 Registration & Facility Assistant
lena El CG

Oversaw midterm and final grading for all credit classes.

Performed clerical tracking ofall rosters, incomplete grades, and grade verification.

Coordinated student nonattendance letters, and grade mnilings.

Scheduled facilities for college and community use and kept billing records that was then forwarded to accounts payable.
Processed and input course master files for all outreach and community education courses.

Assisted with registering all students, collecting tuition and fees and processing add and drops.

Handed phone-in registration and billing,

Updated as needed the Registration & Records information on the college's web page and campus portal

Assisted other staff members in the office as needed.

Company Name December 2007 to June 2008 Bookkeeper
lena El CG

Processed payables, payroll, bank reconciliations, invoicing, monthly sales tax, quarterly payroll reports, and handied general bookkeeping
duties.

Company Name February 2006 to June 2007 Accounts Payable Coordinator
lena El CG

Processed invoicing of operating expenses for payment; ensured proper approval of invoices before payment; processed payment for the
expenses incurred fromall company activities and operations; trained new employees on travel and expense reimbursement procedures.

Company Name August 2004 to May 2005 Accounts Receivable Technician
lena El CG
