GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Personal Information

© Date of Birth: May 13th, 1999
© Present Resident In Triangle VA, and soon, Montchir, VA.

Obdjective
To obtain a job that challenges me to use my acquired skills in the food industry.

brairestbeny
High Schoo! Diplomm : Graphics/IT , 2017 Forest Park High School i City , State , United States

* Coursework in Graphic Design
CRON ava Ol acicy

© Aiming for an Advanced Diploma, taking language and Advanced Placement Classes
Cie) 7.4

Summary

Hello! I am Phat Le (or Danny), a high school student in Forest Park studying to become a Graphic Designer/Photographer. I am currently
searching for a part-time job where I can apply my education and volunteering experience to a job in fast food industry. Areas of proficiency
include Graphics and Photography. In these courses I have leamed to see whether or not something appeals to the average eye, and to create
aesthetically pleasing images and creations. I have also developed many more skills in these classes such as creativity, being flexible with work,
being productive and proficient. I amable to bring knowledge to what appeals to customer with strong backgrounds to show in these courses. For
communications, I am trilingual, being able to speak English, Spanish, and Vietnamese. I also able to communicate with others to exchange any
ideas and solutions and have vohnteer experience that involves many different types of interaction with customers and co-volunteers.

Highlights
Pee arbors bursty
© Providing Well-Thought out solutions
© Able to work with others
* Accepting of Responsibility
© Engaging Personality
© Creativity

Meets deadlines

Joxeal ana y(n and

Sg aiihneadieewatesnuicere iyi ey

Conversant and fluent in English, Spanish, and Vietnamese

alg

Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator
Active Listening Skills

Advanced Problenr Solving

Great Organizational Skills

Confidence and Empathy

shila vesihy

CaN
¢ Photography
© Graphic Design
CNN prt

© Reading

CRA erica

Bate

Tamabk to comfortably speak and write in English. I amatso able to speak Spanish, but not as skilled in writing, I am currently in my 3rd year in
Spanish Chsses, and I was given the opportunity to join the Spanish Honor Society at my school recently. And I can also speak Vietnamese ona
fluent level, but I am not abke to write in Vietnamese.

Accomplishments

© Being offered the opportunity to create a graphic design piece for a school event, and having my artwork chosen for the visual.

* Meeting consistent deadlines with my work in all my chsses, including Graphic Design which involves projects every week or so, and being
creative to create an original idea to be graded and possibly featured in art shows in the city.

© Taking part in many volunteering opportunities that span from school activities to outside events.

* Being chosen to take part in an IT Programat school, where I kam Graphic Design.
