GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary

Versatike professional and hands-on leader who motivates, trains and coaches employees to drive progress toward project and company
Delete peod

Highlights
* Customer-oriented * Strategic thinker
© Employee training and development = * Superb commamication skills
© Client and vendor rehtions © Detail oriented
© Invoicing and purchase orders * Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
¢ MS Office © Proficiency in web designing
Ci tehciemos buco) carbene alicy © Professional demeanor
Ce ator) * bilingual
schivor anes
05/2014 to 01/2016

Graphic Designer Company Name - City , State

* Tracked and evaluated staff performance, and handled all promotions and terminations.

© Completed purchase orders and customer invoices.

© Prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates and design standards.
© Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials.

© Recommended techniques, methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects.

08/2012 to 01/2016
Graphic Designer Company Name - City , State

© Created visuals that appeal to leaders in the big data and high-tech work.
* Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters.

¢ Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo designs.

© Prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated muttiple projects.

* Responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-buikding expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers.
eeu eR Ort.

ckrk Company Nam - City , State

7 Cece RU OU m Ponte enon ccm ene Leite tom
Cleaned and straightened work area.

Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.

Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.
(Olrusiesbvauctta mbes) Lem

Unboxed new merchandise.

Updated register logs.

Provided professional and courteous service at all times.
Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

brairestbeny

certificate : Computer Technician Network Specialist Fresno City Colkege - City , State , United States

als

Data Entry, Customer Service, Hun Resources Leadership, Interpersonal Skills, Inventory control , Marketing, Problem Resolution
Project managerent, Staff Training Staffing, administrative

Bilingual; English and Spanish
