FREELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
Accomplished Graphic Designer with over 15 years experience in graphic design: camera ready, color separation, layout, editing, research,
advertising, public relations, project manager, photography, web ad and logo design, etc. Excellent communication skills Effective problem solver
and multi-tasker *4-color separation, fake color & digital photography Research and edit material for final publications *Detailed oriented, always
met deadlines Proficient in organizing & monitoring large projects *Effective Spanish translator and interpreter Excellent customer service and team
player
Highlights

© Mac & Windows phtforns

* Hardware: Scanners, laser & inkjet printers, and large format color poster printers

© Software: Adobe CS5: Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreammveaver, InDesign, Flash, Acrobat Pro 9.5, Corel Draw X6, Photoshop Elements 8,

MS Office and Visio Professional. Adobe Flash CS5.5 animation certification.
* Cameras: 35 mmand digital cameras: Canon Rebel Xti and Sony F828
© Typing 80

schivor anes
Dicdem eines mesuLam te PAU ere a Ol NMS TT IC

© Logo designs, color separation, duotones, book covers, banners, website buttons, thesis, portfolios, brochures, menus, web design,
multimedia presentation, pre-press, illustration, animation, movie clips, magazine covers, etc.

Fine Artist City , State

© Commission work in 2D (illustration, airbrushing, charcoals, oils, acrylics, etc.) and 3D (fictional and decorative pottery and chy sculpture
in cone 9 and raku).

Visual Merchandising Manager 10/2004 to 08/2008 Company Name City

© Created marketing campaigns to hunch new products or services or to promote large annual events; such as: wine festival, fashion shows,
book signings, celebrity meet and greets, etc.

Ordered computer hardware, office supplies, graphic tools and materials.

Conceived, initiated and developed original designs, concepts and visual layout to create several publications, exhibits, presentation
materiak, using stock photography, own digital images taken with digital cameras and illustration by selecting appropriate typography, size,
paper stock, weight and color to print logos, menus, bi/trifold brochures, flyers, posters, food menus, placemats, bookkts, magazine covers,
tickets, signs, TV/presentation slides, t-shirt designs, bookmarks, newspaper ads and pages, certificates, diplomms, web page ads, CD
covers, forms, banners, teasers, etc.

to promote several in-store events, programs, sales, book signings, fashion shows, and large community events: wine festivals, book signings
Pinad cesmiece<rucaes

Contacted and maintained excellent business relations with local print shops, vendors, community leaders, public affairs office.

Possessed full knowledge of required print shop forms; such as: single item, hot shop, and weekly, quarterly and monthly requisition forms.
Proficient with print shop guidelines, including time requirements and layout presentations for camera ready artwork.

Remnined abreast of the technical characteristics of reproduction processes; such as: offset and screen printing, mechanics of cropping,
enhnurneB ancient eskuec ie

Clee

Miller Page 2 Key Accomplishrents: Implemented a new initiative by designing and creating historical panels for the Air Foree and Marines
Military Clothing Stores (MCSS) in Okinawa.

© New initiative was implemented in the Pacific Region.

Successfilly reached my goal by reducing office expenses to 33.33% in 2007 versus 2006.

Visual Information Assistant 04/2000 to 05/2004 Company Name

Provided expertise in graphic design and marketing strategies to promote programs and events for 19 facilities on base.

Prepared, edited and coordinated the editorial design and layout of our weekly 319 Force Suppont's activity page "Northern Highlights" a

4-page insert for the base newspaper, "The Leader”.

© Collected events and programs informtion from facility managers, edited and designed the layout of our monthly 2-color, 8-page brochure,
"The Guide".

© Assigned by Base Commander and 319th Services Deputy Commander to design color logos for base annual winter and summer bash.

brairestbeny

Las Vegas, NV, Adobe CS5 Certification 07/2013 LV PITA Professional Institute of Technology

BFA : Visual Arts 05/2000 University of North Dakota Walton Community College City , State GPA: GPA: 3.80 Visual Arts GPA: 3.80

AS : Graphic Arts Technology 08/1993 GPA: GPA: 3.55 Graphic Arts Technology GPA: 3.55

Languages

en CV ome Mon armiatic laste aca Ne ele ricci lene p NL OUClN iE

pinay

Project 150, October 2015-ongoing, Graphic Designer and Visual Merchandising The Center: "ArtRageous Event", May 2015, Set up artwork
