APPAREL TECHNICAL DESIGNER
Leos years
Represent the Company's interest of universal and consistent fit aesthetics and proper construction of gamments as well as standardizing product fit
Binikeeisural ices celiesboicy
Qualifications
Ce vol msreccc aun incesuoclies toni n ects
° Knowkdge of fitting

Cm lonbiisianee ts Rau nie
© Knowkdge oftextikes

eos deeb uoncouene neal Ree ica nme lanes
Excellent ability for flat sketching

Excellent administrative skills

Proficient in English and Spanish

Sag

© Microsoft Software: Excel, Word, Outlook
Ca '(o98 a BNY§
Ce SV genet)

Professional Experience

Apparel Technical Designer Sep 2016

(Ooi oie Nina LOLI IC

Work with Design on Seasonal Development stages to identify the styles that will require tech design support for . Issue initial specs in order to
expedite the first proto as well as resolve technical issues for design integrity, target price, delivery and quality as directed by Design and

loca rsa

Manage fit cycle approval process from initial development through to stock approval.

Interface with Design, Product Development, Merchants, Production Quality Assurance and Suppliers daily to ensure dos updated information has
been conmumicated.

WCE Om RU RSmcctnntentcla me unin cmon AME gj uedl bie Cpe ok eSHIn Cheba aNe eRe alnd
Fee Laat (oem

Maintain and update daily Fit log, indicating the approval status styles.

oe Re falas B ono CRMa ci yceeleeneseuliel ioe iee helices eslcoieom eu euineai on inl Hermon aibar ees Hinccrete rem nace
PARA Oe oCe OREM SAL

OORT C Ee anariCB Teen aLCE eek nee WBS 00) com

Resolve technical issues with clear written communication to factories ona daily basis.

Review graded specs, tolerances and construction for consistency before sending to factories for production and generating stock grading,
Maintain seasonal binders of specs for Technical Designer brand responsbility.

Maintain Management communication on any delivery issues, concemed or at risk styles, and work with the cross fictional team to resolve
Cn at eee shen

Specification Writer, Quality Control Assistant Jan 1996 to Jan 2000

(OT HAN ben YL @L SMES!

AN roles ea bes LO noc c rel eltecoNV NRCS PALeemtnne Ure Nmm Tice eB lee bent tice

Attended fittings and corresponded with contractors overseas.

Served as a Liaison between Spec Department with other Departrent such as Quality Control, Design, Trims, Pattern Making, Washing and
Shrinkage, Fabrication Matching, Sample Room, Grading and Marking,

Analyzed Line Development Management Reports (LDM) for domestic and overseas operations to ensure that deadlines were mt.

I Coles Breer Racor wexecl al estcok tne sree) em

Trained new hires.

Specification Writer Jan 1993 to Jan 1996

Company Name 1" City , State

Wrote Specification Sheets, including Sewing construction, Trim, Grading, Pattems and label parts.

Served as a Liaison between Spec Departirent with other Department such as Quality Control, Design, Trims, Pattem Making, Sample Room,
Cerrone UL sited

Managed the distribution and tracking of the specification packages from their production through to delivery to all appropriate factories,
warehouses and relevant personnel.

Weedon oitnccmyusbesee et ineenemounccm eo uiecce On isiedbar eeu her atco data Ole

Kept and updated extensive database and books.

BictectB Lava nies

Production Line Supervisor Jan 1990 to Dec 1990

COO HAN ben YL ONES

RTla a cet eeke acer ESE

Silaa etm eb rexetercieniivmNc omic iim

Responsible for calculating the required quantities ofraw materials for the daily production and controlling output against plan.
itestelccbinemone ceca lie ara gemmeriia tice

Freelance Teacher Jan 1988 to Mar 1989

Company Name 14 City , State Chemistry, Mathemntics and Physics

baiPestteliy

Cherrical Engineering 1987 National University of Honduras Honduras C.A.
