INTERIOR DESIGNER
Stipend

Head designer for a Realtor developer, I have worked creating spaces and collaborating with contractors and architects. Developing innovative
concepts and uses for the spaces. For my residential work 1 go beyond the surface thinking of the fiinction and the style of the space, while
working within a budget. Detailoriented and the ability to kam concepts quickly. Excellent research, time management, and problem solving skills.
Networking with suppliers and merchants in the area, allowing access to the newest materials and fimnishings. Meeting with clients to find out what
their wants and needs are, with consideration to their space and budget. Creating a design plan using CAD and developing professional boards to
show the concept of the space. Following up with clients upon project's compktion to make sure they are satisfied. All this is done to help grow
their business and brand.

Parana

AutoCAD
¢ Drafling
Cay basecoig
Office

PMB lereo Ry olcned
Corporate
Buikding Design

© Residential

Oe
Pe Concerns)
SED ee)

Interior Design curriculum at Paier is designed to prepare the relationship between interior design and architecture. Basic © Excellent
structural principles and construction methods are introduced. The studio courses incorporate programming, conceptual Communication
design and developnent, and presentation skills. Guest juries ofarchitects and design professionals regularly critique our Skil
presentations. Courses in ID Business, Materials, Kitchen & Bath, and History of Interiors provide us with the tools and PNW INA ORO
ema ocuedrantaemerirecads Teal)
projects
simultaneously
Oreiiey
innovative and
having probkm
solving skills
peeled
Attention to
ars
sone ag

oy

Accomplishrents

¢ AtPCA, I was involved with the school newspaper, Paier Perspective, where I co-wrote articks for the Interior Design Departrent and
consistently made the Dean's list through all four years.

Cran anecd
Company Name City , State Interior Designer 03/2011
Company Name City , State Interior Designer 11/2013 to 07/2014

PO cna bee cree miere aCe intne rte

WY Coho p el ceo Ce OM Nl onmelecmte il cuce lisa ericm erence bce CRw rite

Creating and maintaining the materials library by ordering; materials, fabric sampks, finishes, and design accessories.
WC Ta Ta ccm nrcccntneal xecouabe an etneRi ice cwuucdls deeciuab sl aubece sind On neko en kB aot a
Confirming the design plan, specifying muterials, finishes, lighting and flooring,

SThelaay sued ved ie cum OR ns vcniinem ake Oecd oc soaasnem use litnica Ohibed reco lines

August 2013 I started a new build of 3,200 sq.

si

it's a shoreline home in West Brook.

Everything custom designed from cabinetry with handpicked fixtures, staircases, fireplace, window treatments, to some of the fumiture, all
TA Larl gundam NE RSc CRNA culcke corer renset alia

over saw that the project was properly planned by working closely with contractor allowing to compkte on time and within budget.
May 2012 I started the remodeling and updating a North Haven home.

Up to date I have remodeled the den, living room, and the dining room

I amcurrently working on a bedroom and renovating the kitchen.

In the summer of 2011, I interned at New England Kitchen and Bath in Glastonbury, CT, working with their head designer, Abbey Miller.
We were abk to go through the process ofa job start to finish.
