GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
A graphic designer, who is creative and detail-oriented; who thinks a lot, but wants to make things clear and simple. "Simple without loss of
information,” is my style. "Pay attention and be accurate to each pixel” is the phrase I will alvays keep in mind during my design career. Right now
Tmlooking for a suitable position ina company that has a team of pleasant, experienced designers and a working environment, which allows
jar CORUM MNCeSLeccce ns
Highlights

© Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign), and CorelDraw

© Working knowledge of web design applications Dreanmveaver, HTML and CSS

© Skilled in Microsoft Office Suite

© Experience of working with branding, digital prints, webpage design, typography, packaging, and printmking

© Member of Springfiekl Art Association

schivor anes
(Ori eePeurem PC RORU PU mR Ooi sola Ck OUN mmc!

© Designed webpage layout, logos, related inmges.
Manager Assistant / Graphic Designer 07/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Provide numerous services to Chinese clients requiring US-based assistance, including: - Facilitating real estate transactions and property
management - Due diligence and assistance with EB-5 visa projects and applications - Do translation and interpretation for Chinese clients -
Provide expert service to Chinese families desiring to place students in lower and higher educational institutions in the US.

© Create company’s branding and all marketing materials design - Design logo, flyers, brochures, booklets, PowerPoint templates, billboards,
webpage, etc.

PEEL <cB obo ceurieicoeineRatia becom

Ori ePeurem MURR O LIM PC Rune sola kOuN merle!

© Designed flyers, brochures, posters, logos and T-shirts, etc.
¢ for schools activities and events.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : Visual Arts - Graphic Design May 2014 UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS SPRINGFIELD City , State Visual Arts - Graphic
Pu M RIO oR PCOS CHAR tel PCE OAR

Associate of Fine Arts : Graphic Design July 2010 CHENGDU ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS, SICHUAN CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC
City , China Graphic Design

etc

Bilingual in English and Chinese

als

Adobe Creative Suite, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Advertising, Arts, Art, branding, brochures, Chinese, CorelDraw, CSS, clients, Due diligence,
edit, English, HTML, Illustrator, InDesign, interpretation, layout, logos, Jogo, marketing materials, Microsoft Office Suite, PowerPoint, packaging,
posters, property management, Publicity, real estate, translation, typography, webpage design, web design
