GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Ritarenctag

Driven Graphic Artist adept at managing heavy workloads whik focusing on designing creative, visually-appealing graphics. Focused, extremely
organized, and comfortable working in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. Expert in preflighting and optimizing artwork for high-quality
print-ready files. Skilked ina variety of designs, logos and marketing packages, while always keeping up with the latest design trends and the latest
Konto) oumP tae eee ORM eo neuniveice tec ibemenuenanuieni aor nen NN kona oes Lo SUM EME Uiee en alacant ((c)
will kad to greater, bigger ideas.

Technical Skills and Qualifications

Adobe Creative Suite, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat, QuarkXpress, Dreamweaver, HTML Coding,
CSS, Microsoft Office Suite, Promotional Materials, Extensive Direct-Mail Experience

Rekevant Skills

SelfMotivated, Sense-of-Humor, Conceptual Thinker, Attention-to- Leadership Skills, Friendly Attitude, Professional Behavior, Expert
Detail, Strong Design Sense, Resourceful Researcher, Advanced Juggling Skil, Creative and Artistic, Resourcefill Researcher, Quick
Typography Knowkdge Leamer, Time Management

Experience

07/2012 to 10/2015

Graphic Designer Company Name - City, State

Prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with established templates and design standards. Designed unique print materak, including
BU Sc em sae bene u eR csupe RoR Lemur ean one em url ires Omar ier ats aie

05/2009 to 02/2015
Graphic Designer Company Nanx - City , State

Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo designs. Prepared layouts and drawings in compliance with
established templates and design standards. Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions. Recommended techniques,
methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects. Prioritized graphic workload and efléctively coordinated multiple projects.

01/2006 to 05/2009
Art Director Company Name - City , State

Created visuals that appeal to leaders in the big data and high-tech world. Created the look and feel of the organization's online presence in social
medi forurs. Developed temphtes for e-newsletters, presentations and reports. Designed unique print materials, including advertisements,
brochures and logo designs. Designed artistic signage for special corporate events. Created all communications collateral, including web pages,
brochures and fliers. Developed, designed and produced corporate newsktters and other promotional direct mail items as directed by marketing,
Created graphic materials for the company website.

UJPAU EOP PANU)
Art Director Company Name - City , State

Determined stykes, size and arrangement offillustrations and graphics. Planned and produced marketing material, including catalogs, handbooks
and charts. Prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated multiple projects. Developed creative graphics that simplified complex
Nese Lem yy CCR NUCH NR nuitc Leet ye eRiuliccel pach ates sce eRe cou einem Aerie neem acac ee tenea yer ou FTE
conceptual brainstorming sessions.

12/2003 to 02/2005
Art Director Company Name - City, State

Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions. Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and
eek cum Ou lsnenl cm eR cc curart roam necreitekieclometal cma oumUromilOrlton eri ohecte|
guidelines when preparing graphic materials. Prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated multiple projects. Consistently adhered to all
internal delivery schedules.

SOP AO PPA)
Art Director Company Name - City, State

Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo designs. Collaborated with a team of designers to offer

Pi rarunce eReader Kel Loe ecu Aun toc e ceteltnneericl ou eee Rear ao nial bre hic eninge) sic omer aane (cet
techniques, methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects. Prioritized graphic workload and effectively coordinated multiple
projects. Determined styles, size and arrangerrent of illustrations and graphics.

02/2001 to 12/2002
Production Artist Company Name - City , State

ea M TD Oia or kr ee et ee a ee ee ene een en © eo Se iA iee PCa te Perey
