FREELANCE WEBSITE DESIGNER
Summary

Marine Corps trained leader and business development specialist. With an extensive background in many facets throughout the operational side of
a business, I always seck out ways to assist and improve my teams training and overall performance.

Thave in 12+ years of experience in website development, internet research and seo, 4 years experience in purchasing, training, and supply chain
control for the military, 15+ years in b2b/b2c sales, business Joan brokering, and real estate investment training,

T bring with me an impeccable work ethic, thanks to my time in the Marines, to ensure an exemplary outcome to all goals that my position requires.

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Freelance Website Designer 09/2012 to Current

Specialized in cold calls to business owners looking for a web designer or online marketing manager for their businesses online presence and
Perale cna em ecs Lom

Focused on sales for websites, and website development, logo designs, and online marketing services/mterials on a remote independent
contractor for hire basis.

(8 eccoa Meu AUS Leto ee mr CPC M Een em eT LeR TANNA tecsU Tet iC os ecMUIRITe Nance Om etl
development and follow up.

Sales and creation ofads, back Inks, marketing promotions on sites such as Twitter, Facebook, and Foursquare, and consistently
generating new ideas to ensure above average marketing results.

Over 10 years experience with intemet based web designing, marketing, SEO, PPC, social media networks, and analytic research, as well
online presentations, web research, email response handling and customer support.

On ANE O AE OCP cen ia\iandjee lc R OL UMC

Contacted Prime Military Defense Contractors, Contract Managers, Small Business Liaison Officers, Purchasing Managers, and Buyers on
a daily basis.
EH EQica yon ereeslce ee hates) mw Bi Retleotee cence mech

© Obtained Request for Quotes, Bids, and Information requirements for the procurement of capacitors, electronic components, semi

conductors, hard to find parts, and commercial off the shelf items.
Created and sent out mass marketing campaigns via email, social media, LinkedIn, and newsletter distribution.

* Developed ongoing business A supplier relationships on a daily basis for the securing of future requirements.
© Signed the company up ona daily basis with 10 new supplier diversity portals for autormted submissions and receipt of requirements.

Company Name City , State Owner / Senior Business Consultant 04/2006 to 09/2012

Responsible for lead development through self generation of intemet marketing campaigns, b2b cold calls, relationship development, live
networking and referrals from sakes.

Reviewing of business credit standings and personal credit reports, as well as additional financial documents in order to properly obtain lines
Coeds Om Leis Lecce cacy

Created professional relationships with lending institutions in order to accelerate the processing of the applications ina swift and efficient
iaiiboy

© Utilized proper demographic research in order to establish a target market for the promotions that certain financial institutions we lending for.
© Established a working network of lenders and brokers for lending submission through internet applications.

Follow up calls for renewing loans and cross selling of additional products for the continuing relationship with current and past business
OLene inal ancy

Company Name City , State Senior Investment Advisor 11/2002 to 04/2007

© Called current client list daily for cross sale of additional education training programs and colkcting on current program balances.
¢ Selling additional trainings for students looking to advance their education, Sales for my department (9 sales reps) reached over $8.4 million

in 2006.

Collection responsibilities for outstanding balances owed on unpaid tuition's, Collections for my department (9 reps) in 2006 reached over
$32 million.

Traveled extensively to for presenting materials to students of higher level trainings in order to ensure up sells from current training and
Peres ee lees u ciate

Advising on all aspects of investirent deals such as foreclosure, wholesak,, lease options, owner financed, rentals, mobik homes, land
Clas seta ees dee CCM LOUAMeIUPALeemeemieial tm

Fiscal Chief/ NCOIC.
