GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
Multi-talented Graphic Designer consistently motivated for success and goal driven. Skilled in Photoshop, Illustrator, Animate, Indesign, HTML

and CSS. I amadaptable and driven with a strong work ethic and ability to thrive in a tean-based environment. I have experience with Adobe
Creative Suite, particularly with Photoshop and Illustrator, and I have a vast knowledge of typography.

alg

Adobe Photoshop * Microsoft Word/Excel

Adobe Premiere Pro Cer Goes Bic \ad

PNB Brun iierenny © Visual design

PX) ed itsticstelg * Team building

Adobe Indesign « Decision-making

FNC) op ANaE SIC Pa Orlitonscw cece
HTML/CSS Coding * Flexible creative approach
Written and Social Communication Skills «Excellent workflow management

schivor anes
Graphic Designer | 02/2021 to Current
Company Name - City , State

Graphic Design Experience:

Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustrents.

Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.

Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.

Fostered relationships with retail clients through effective communication, negotiation and collaboration.

Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.

Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.

Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.

Thave of 3 years of Photoshop experience with extensive knowledge of the basics: masking, layers, silos, camera raw adjustments,
shortcuts, and understanding of light, transparencies and color density, shadowing, Resolution and image sizing, strategy for retouching,
Manipulting selections, Selecting with Magnetic Lasso tool, cropping an image, applying a gradient layer, applying a layer style, adding
er Gomer Clee ate Clm Awake eUNUPB necro ennai Leeceatoemonaneliexeanl Ce eiel emt ucts (auceuzilcee lca '
aware tool, working with masks and channels, manipulating an image with puppet warp, creating type on path, drawing with pen tool,
Ft ROR CUCM SRM Cece UR hate The br iLameelitoeuCer nina brea Ot m UU IBIS eC ECHR y (eee
adding transitions, animating text with keyframe, processing files in Camera Raw, preparing fils for printing, positioning 3D elements,
designing with artboards.

T have the ability to leam and retain knowledge ofa high volure of products and materials

Experience working with Google sheets

Thave a an exceptional quality for detail and quality control

T amable to maintain production of'a high volume of images under very tight deadlines

T have the ability to work independently and ina collaborative environment

T have knowledge of photo rendering

Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

Stay at Home Parent- 2019-2021

Balanced school, extracurricular activities and work along with healthy social connections and personal health.

Participated in student clubs, extracurricular activities and sports with teamwork and dedication to sportsmanship and collaboration.
Coordinated various events and activities to support operations of student organizations.

Developed and implemented study protocols to gather required data and support research objectives.

Phoenix Contact Machine Operator- 2016-2019

Detected work-piece defects and machine malfimetions, maintaining apparatus to prevent future issues.

Read and understood blueprints, product specifications and tooling instructions to plan correct operational sequences and prevent materials
Mas Com

Selected proper cutting tools, calculating parameters to manufacture components and parts.

Established and adjusted feed rates and cutting parameters to keep operations in line with production demands.

Set up machines for various jobs to maintain compliance with manufacturing thresholds and waste reduction initiatives.

Identified and helped resolve nonconforming product issues to support accurate order fulfillment.

Maintained work environments safe and efficient at all times.

GES Automation Panel Builder- 2014-2016

Connected and set up contro! panels and alarm components.
