SENIOR TECHNICAL DESIGNER

Summary

Product Developer/Technical Designer with strengths in apparel, handbags and jewelry. I have an extensive knowledge of materials, manufacturing
and quality assurance. Dynamic product engineer highly skilled in creative problem solving with exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skil,
who illustrates sophisticated expertise ina variety of inovative approaches, to design, prototype and test creative products, services and
experiences. I thrive working within a team environment and I have extensive experience working in partnership with domestic and international
eth

Skills

Adobe CS6 Adobe Illustrator Flex PLM Grovesite

WebPDM Microsoft Word Excel

O}iutong

Garment specs and sketches Fit Assessment

Product Developnent

Technical Direction, Line and Product Review Flat Pattem Making and Corrections

Gannent Construction Draping

Accomplishments

© Events and Networking Pillar Lead on the LGBTA Business Council.
Participant in BullseyeCrowd: an innovation execution platform to develop a place where anyone at Target can share their ideas and get
access to the resources to tum their ideas into reality.to provide new market potential for Target.

schivor anes

Senior Technical Designer 03/2017 to Current
Company Name City , State

Senior Technical Designer 11/2013 to 02/2016
Company Name City , State

* Responsible for product creation and commumication from design hand-off to production for SWAT TD for Children's apparel as well as
Wonrn's Jewelry and Handbags intermittently as needed.

© Tech pack creation and revision throughout the product development process, meeting calendar dates and communicating with agents and

Pevsner

Creation of sampkes froma sketch while nnintaining the integrity of the design concept.

Provide technical solution support relevant to design.

Ensure products are engineered to cost standards and negotiated through order placement.

Provide technical direction, internally and externally, on corrective actions needed to bring sampks to brand standards.

Utilize written comments, sketches or photos as needed to communicate.

Share information cross divisionally to ensure continuous impkmentation of best practices.

JE ouiCe Rest MH ae HO CURT N Tec ebane ectLecR LN Lense cmninorctcsl tii

Responsible for calendar creation and managing milestone dates to achieve omtime delivery.

Establish strong collaborative relationships with cross-fimctional divisional tearrs.

Manage work in progress, tracking and reporting for product development.

Identify efficiencies within my brand/category to support CTM initiative.

Creation of product standards as well as Good, Better, Best costing grids for product categories that I have owned.

Manage team of 2 - Associate Technical Designer and Product Development Coordinator.

Assisted direct reports in career development as well as technical development at a product category level.

Bodin cleBecu Lem IENCPAG Meme IZA) K)
Company Name City , State

© Responsible for product creation and commumication from design hand-off to production for Shaun White Boys Apparel and Girls and Boys
XecO ncn

® Tech pack creation and revision throughout the product development process, meeting calendar dates and communicating with agents and

Pevsner

Creation of sampkes froma sketch while nnintaining the integrity of the design concept.

Provide technical solution support relevant to design.

Ensure products are engineered to cost standards and negotiate through order placerment.

JE ouiCe Rest MH ae HO CURT N Tec ebane ectLecR LN Lense cmninorctcsl tii

Responsible for calendar milestone dates to achieve ortime delivery.

Establish strong collaborative relationships with cross-fimctional divisional tearrs.

Manage work in progress, tracking and reporting for product development.

Creation of product standards for product categories that I have owned.

Bodh e eB ecuL am MUKIPU ROMO PANE!
Company Name City , State

¢ Resnonsihle for nroduct creation and communication from design hand-off to nroduction for Girls Woven Bottoms and Outerwear
