CAD DESIGNER
Summary
Seeking a position with a respected company that will allow me to contribute to their success while working in a cohesive environment. I'ma highly

dependable and motivated Software Engineer. Enthusiastic team player that is dedicated to streamlining processes and efficiently resolving project
issues. Bringing more than 7 years of experience in the AutoCAD and GIS Mapping industry.

Pea en
© Certified AutoCAD Designer

© Project Management PR Gc cee Moonta

¢ Land Desk, Civil 3D andGPS Pie Deortl ce@sctiis\cery

¢ Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite «Proficient m ESRI, SAP and Microstation
© Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign

POS MLO) icaiael

© Very successfill at obtaining required permits at the City, County and State levels by building and maintaining a professional relationship with
teal

© Community involvement that included but not limited to, speaking to different kevels of school chikiren for career development.

© Served as United Way Loaned Executive.

Experience
CAD Designer , 08/2008 to 04/2015 Company Nant - City , State

Civil Design experience in erosion control

Site work which included gathering measurements, grading and development.

Draw/Design in CAD (Pro-e/CREO, AutoCAD & MicroStation)

Put together job folders (print and fold drawings & create Production Document Release (PDR)

IAW ANB eu oO Ce DNL neSe

Mapped Production to support a vast array of project types including: Cast iron replacerrent projects, system editing and inputing, QA/QC
ARC GIS entry.

Palgrave uistneke acy Namen Ratha

Routinely participated in utility meetings with City Official.

Drew Blue Prints to obtain City, County and State permits.

Performed routine CAD and GIS related data maintenance tasks utilizing AutoCAD and ESRI based applications.

Performed regular quality control checks of GIS Data and non-spatial databases with minimal supervision to ensure data integrity.
Assisted with the design of complex layouts and drawings from general written or verbal specifications from project team.
Prepared plan, section and detail design drawings for facilities.

Troubleshooting client issues with both GIS software, data and user techniques.

Trained employees on product operations, fimctionality and usage Collected field data (GPS).

Orclecr eR eecl RON Rec He ata nm

Laser Machine Operator , 10/2006 to 07/2008 Company Name - City , State

¢ Drewand edited parts using Auto CAD Perfonred typical hser cutting and welding operations Selected proper cutting and welding
programs, and proper fixtures Established proper stop location, adjust laser beam focal point Made proper set-ups for cutting and welding
operations Performed prescribed maintenance as required Performed all dimensional inspections Detected and reported defective materials
or questionable conditions to the department supervisor.

Education

Associate of Science : Computer Science Business Administration , 2008 Virginia College - City , State Computer Science Business
Xess bony

Troy University - City , State

[orice

Project management Certified GIS Technician Certified Auto CAD Designer Detailed Estimator Land desk, Civil3

Professional Affiliations

© Very successfull at obtaining required permits at the City, County and State levels by building and maintaining a professional relationship with
oh ietal ce

© Community involverent that included but not limited to, speaking to different kvels of school chikiren for career development.

¢ Served as United Way Loaned Executive.

Nas

3D, Adobe Photoshop, Auto CAD, AutoCAD, CAD, client, data entry,databases, editing, ESRI, GIS, GPS, Illustrator, InDesign, laser,
mmterials, meetings, Microsoft Office Suite, Microstation, Project management, QA, quality control, SAP, supervisor, supervision, Technician,
Troubkshooting, weking, written
