GRAPHIC DESIGNER
SUrotereralRiiin isa

Hi There!

As a designer with a strong passion for this profession and excellent qualification, I am secking to align myself with your company for strong
growth. The range of my experiences include anything from editorial and packaging designs, marketing and advertising promotional products and
peopk, and developing conceptual designs. My southem heritage and style is reflected in my designs, and personality. I have the will to succeed
and the motivation to progress as a better creative leader. With this noted I would like to submit my resume to your company. I believe upon your
review, you will come to see that I place all my passion and energy in my performance. You will recognize fom my innovated ideas that I ama
Peete Lele OM EE OSLO OCR amc NeNnonulimeccontl ere Rte sc an elid

BISA Cars uote t oom PACER shel nESay auc cece

a€¢ Precise attention to details & comfortable managing and working within a group.

BSA heerlen eco Or SH MUUR Oe oe oar cot nar ar sce

4€¢ Strong record of being responsible for marketing campaigns, design teams, and event coordinating,
4€¢Enthusiastic dedicated problem sober.

For the past five years, I have been studying and working with visual arts, graphic designs, marketing concepts, photography, and event
coordinating, I have worked along side of Creative Directors, Art Directors, University Presidents and through all my experiences working with
different clients and coworkers, I have realized that a good concept is a great end product ifexecuted correctly. I feel that I have the will power
and design background to execute all my projects to the very best potential. In other words, my dual strengths as a creative designer and effective
manager. I amsecking a professional opportunity to utilize my kadership, problem solving and great customer service skills at your company.

Core Qualifications
¢ MAC &PC Adobe CSS - 7 (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Dream Weaver) ¢_ Results-oriented
Ca Ochs) ¢ Advanced typography knowledge
* HTML knowkdge © Computer-assisted design (CAD) 2007
© Linux knowledge © Corporate design
CME rare e@riiemsi koa Cuong (esi nvc ste
¢ Sketching CaS nec ian iincay
Cm weer ind ¢ Tire mamgerent
Ce etitnege(es(us) ¢ Brochure and newsktter formatting
© Concept development, © Logo and business card
© Color theory ¢ Stationery and ktterhead
¢ Photo retouching, rendering editing & enhancing PMA ousicrenisnaci ans
© Sclfmotivated professional © Knowkdge of book design
¢ Resourcefil researcher Cera @estincy
Experience
05/2014 to Current

Graphic Designer Company Name i City , State
Responsibilities;
© I develop and design photo products such for the fimd raiser "To Remember This" thats in partners with the company Great American.

Accomplishments :

© I developed and designed many photo products such as Photo Books, Calendars, Cards, and Stickers to be used in the find raiser "To
Remember This" that was delivered to over 80k schools across the US in September 2014.

Skills Used:

CeO ScRimeiiieannaenca online ml uM ACU RC ILCCe es ubece ome recmn anand beck aden ekailoal tod
© Tused my design techniques and skills to develop visually pleasing designs that correlated with specific holidays or designs.

02/2014 to Current
Creative Director & Lead Graphic Designer Company Name 1% City , State
