PRESENTATION DESIGNER
Summry

Customer Service and Retail Associate.Specializes in Design and technology, with a particular talent for building a solid customer base. Team-
oriented, working well ina collaborative environment, yet thrives on personal sales achieverrents

Sania}
: pate al ha Adobe Photoshop (Mock ups and Prototype)
PESO She te © Axure RP (Wireframes and Interactive Prototypes)
Person of the Quater. ¢ Adobe Illustrator (Vector Assets)
Paoteriienn 7 ¢ Adobe Dreamweaver (Creation of mobik sites and Websites)
rane ober © HTMLand CSS. Adobe Creative Suite CC, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe
Pn Pees Dreamweaver, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Axure RP, Powerpoint and Keynote
Experience
Presentation Designer

February 2016 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Designing Keynote and Powerpoint Slides.

PEE Oclt Kode hep cco OMe CaCO Ice

¢ Animating Keynote/Powerpoint slides.

PMO rco islam RUcNalPol aes NORE R Lecce

© Work primarily with producer to deliver on presentations before deadlines.

Multimedia Designer
Ole oA REO ROr nao NaN Nay LOIS mES IH

¢ Create marketing or product tutorial videos - create storyboards, record audio, shoot video, and edit final product Other projects may
include catalog/brochure design, marketing collateral, online banners, print advertising.

CU Oo selma ecm cin UME ome uli cUme Roei orc uraemeie) once

Design and develop marketing materials for product campaigns, events, presentations, and internal commumications using cross-platform and

industry standard design and office software (both proprietary and open source); visually commumicate abstract and concrete ideas.

Work primarily with Jesus House Dallas team to resolve a wide range of design related marketing requests and challenges in imaginative and

Puta CORN
June 2013 to July 2015 Company Name

© User Experience and User Interaction Designer (Team Lead) Working with the whok project team to develop the solution, deliver a
Clonee ROLawownorar cd ORM ea ime Room alieics eb s) carerelt em

Understanding the business objectives and user requirements of the project, by whatever means required, and translating these into site
Danie

Website evaluation and competitive benchmarking.

ec Pon na Oise ECON a Com Semin Micamrcce cm icinge Vea Ue Timer ihe ece ne Ray CSN

Bediihned co mamanste mee ee B ok) cary BrecnineeancOtreMmeTLL

(ood meic hea eM ALE L ES CORNET Mom (elena neaece ouceins hnatens) Kyeceliet atom
Prototyping, customer testing and usability testing.

Developing implementation or style guidelines.

Understanding how site/application blueprints are impacted by, and need to interface with, technical development.

Alongside: Challenging the brief where required and adding depth of thinking to the solution.

Responsibility for project work, in terms of producing and articulating deliverabks and self management.

Rekentlessly review the standard of work, ensuring that only work meeting the highest levels of quality are presented to the client.
Assist with development of test plans and scripts for usability testing.

Customer care and Digital media
October 2011 to June 2013 Company Name

Worked with the Systems and processes department of MIN Nigeria to ensure that products hunched adhere to the defined policies, procedures
and quality standards as agreed within the department

-Perform UATs and FUTs of new products as directed by the Quality assurance Engineers
-Support the development of product and services end to end (Product lifecyck)
-Decompose high level information into details and develop requirements specifications according to standard templates.

-Conduct research and evaluate information on new product and services that can be beneficial to the business ¢.g the introduction of QR code to
