INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER

Professional Summary

An instructional design position working in a medium to large company focused on developing and conducting quality programs for customer
training or internal operations requiring an analytical and thorough person with the ability to To contribute to developing and implementing training
programs and muaterials for customers and employees to improve their efficiency while enhancing the company's image and building the company’s
growth. Instructional Design, Program Developrrent, Program Evaluation, Needs Assessment, Storyboarding, Leaming Analysis, Writing
Objectives, LCM, Mapping Managerrent, Supervision, Administration, Budgeting Training, Presentation Development, Public Speaking,
Customer Service Familiarization with SCORM, ADDIE Intemed at General Dynamics Information Technology

als

* Budgeting and finance * Team leadership

© Project management ¢ Data management
© Strong verbal communication «Process implementation
* Conflict resolution * Client assessment and analysis
© Extremely organized © Staffdevelopment
Work History

Instructional Designer , 01/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Key Accomplishments.
© Successfilly designed WBT course; Rating Veterans Service Representative (RVSR), for the Veterans Benefit Administration (VBA).
© Successfilly designed WBT course; Basic Acquisition 101, for the Defense Acquisition University (DAU).

Food & Beverage Director , 01/2013 to 012014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Key Accomplishments Created jobs aids Successfilly trained all staffin compliance with State Food code Successfillly trained all staffin
compliance with Food vendor requirements Successfully monitored and maintained Federal and State Lunch program requirements.

Food & Beverage Mamager , 01/2012 to 01/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Key Accomplishments.
© Successfillly trained all staff in compliance with State Food code.
© Design, planned and implemented soft skill training programs.

Manager , 01/2011 to 0122012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Key Accomplishments.
© Partnered with Rosen College to host internships from the college.
© Successfilly developed, managed and implemented catered and special events.

I ee Roms varitemy ntsc mm PAO CORU ICAU 0)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Key Accomplishments Assisted in designing and implementing a comprehensive training program that increase positive guest comments by
over 10% Successfillly integrated and managed other leaders in training of staff Successfillly implemented on boarding touch points for new
hires reduced tumover by 80% Designed and implemented on boarding and mentoring program for transitional employees Tutored
employees in utilizing their individual development phan as a tool for professional development.

© Facilitated, trained and certified both exempt and non-exempt personnel in Serv-Safe Organize, updated and maintain files and records of
training programs Analyze, summarize and submitted reports with results of the training programs conducted Perform reviews and appraisals
for the trainees as the result of their trainings.

Training & Educational Consultant , 01/2009 to 01/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Key Accomplishments.

© Co-project manager for Kee-Wee Family Entertainment Center, concentrating on service training, dining room design, food and bor
ooctinestne BacaancuuiesTmcenusegant sence

¢ Assisted in implementing time lines and checklist help reduced redundancy cost by 5%.

* Developed and implemented training manuals and establishing SOP's.

Sales Support Mamager , 01/2008 to 01/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Key Accomplishments Facilitated guest service skill training which included conflict resolution, non verbal communication, ete by facilitating
