SALES CONSULTANT, INTERIOR DESIGNER.
Professional Summary

Results-oriented sakes professional eager to join a reputable organization. Hardworking consultant gifted at tuming prospects into clients by
delivering exceptional presentations. Engaging and personable with expertise managing key milestones and delivering exemphry custonrr service.
Highly enthusiastic with ability to absorb information rapidly and make a correct response.

Skills
¢ Persuasive communication

a ere eten Pie ooo be i e@tcorumcaay cd

¢ Retention strategies ial
Work History
Sales Consultant, Interior Designer , 01/2018 to 12/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Assisted clients with budget considerations and made recommendations for fimmiture, custom made keather sofis and accessories iterns.
© Developed space planning concepts, color palette selections and Ieather presentations.

¢ Used consultative sakes approach to understand customer needs and recommend relevant offerings.

© Created detailed saks presentations to communicate product features and market data.

¢ Assisted walk-in traffic with identifying financial needs and goals to provide customized solutions.

CIO sleelcoe RU RaNOne Miu reece nanulinn inom ccunesrn ae2) Se

© Promoted customer satisfaction byunderstanding their needs and increased sales.

Designer, Sales Consultant , 03/2016 to 09/2017
Company Name a€“ City , State

Worked with sakes team to collaboratively reach targets, consistently meeting or exceeding personal quotas.

Demonstrated products to show potential customers benefits and advantages and encourage purchases. Established new custonrrs.
Developed space planing concepts, color palette selections and textile presentations.

Created professional presentations using La-z-boy software to creatively commumicate design intent and direction.

© Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of'sales and store promotions.

Interior Decorator, Self Employed , 01/2005 to 02/2015
Company Name a€“ City , State

* Advised clients on styles, hyouts, budgets and overall designs.
¢ Fumished and designed residential properties and consulted with clients to determine decorating needs and preferences.
© Maintained knowkdge of constantly changing interior design trends and products.

Assistant to VP in PR With Investors , 01/2011 to 02/2014
Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Attracted and increased new members through organizational targeting marketing campaigns to specific audiences.
SP bcm mUns peeve min Geir Ob ouuiatee belay ele sseu merece AOI

Custom Made Furniture Salesperson, Designer , 03/2001 to 12/2004
Company Name a€* City , State

High end interior design firm specializing in French Provence custom homes in Los Angeles area and Orange County.

Education

Bachelor of Science : Accounting And Finance Moscow Finance University - City
Interior Decorator : Interior Design Interior Decorators Institute - City

Personal Trainer And Nutritionist : Athletic Training And Nutrition , 02/2014
NASM - City

Skills

¢ Persuasive communication
© Prospect qualification
¢ Retention strategies

¢ Exceptional Customer Service
CSc)

A Snes ise
Sales Consultant, Interior Designer , 01/2018 to 12/2020
Company Name a€“ City , State
