PERSONAL STYLIST- WOMEN'S DESIGNER

Summary

Eager to work ina fast-paced customer focusedA environment driven to expand sales volume by utilizing developing technology. Proficient at
understanding client needs and collaborating on a creative vision to exceed expectations and deliver results conducive to cultivating relationships

and growing business.
Skills
ibaa ig O)iicom Noyce
ye ror weg
Exe
Experience

Personal Stylist- Women's Designer 05/2014 to 02/2017 Company Name City , State Leverages knowledge of design and brands to create a
Pomoc Orroroo meen crow WN Mnncastersi dagen ues eet eleserrtrrency
accompanied by planned follow-ups. Effectively time manages consultations with future clients while servicing those within the store. Utilizes
internal digital Sy ela) eho bate ake Laut Mas communication temphtes via text and ermail regarding selling campaigns
PRS Us NCE Tecra ner ww our RON Ob rr snceroinen ccna e var atrsenien es actyk ‘designer selling volure.
Saks Associate- via C department 02/2010 to 05/2014 Company Name City , State Relocated personal clientele to a competitive top volume
CoM Rubs ncot (tae mansubund aclocR Won uke cvuremeootimrcna dicate sazuckasCnemioa akan ey
personalized experience while maximizing sales volume. Regularly attended product knowledge seminars allowing delivery of service at the highest
kvel. Initiated conversations with management when unexpected problems arose to ensure future success amongst the team and client

Pel aTb oe Om

Saks Associate, Savvy department 06/2006 to 02/2010 Company Name City , State Successfillly assisted customers in choosing outfits that were
consistent with needs and budget. Developed relationships to offer value to the customer experience. Increased sales volume by suggesting
BTSs ogy doa combat Ayla po iccnnice median cco ninerca id Loom eh ya cebmartags al mura ear tatit
iclesalat BUCA Onna 7

Team Menber 08/2004 to 06/2006 Company Name City , State Delivered friendly and prompt service to customers. A Managed stock levels to
prevent shortage of items. Contributed to maintaining company integrity during each transaction. Performed as a trainng mentor and shift ead
during critical times.

FXO ana)

2016 Net Saks Volunv- $783,210

Own Your Business Chart- 58.1% exceeding 40% expectation

(Oona pone b Poxwece lnm Reonnoucl ely

Personal Stylist- 3 Years

Oona bom linc R eared

Olina weeral ome) Ute tem Ol rat Colns

Yearly Pacesetter Volune- 2 Years

Customer Service All Star- 2 Years

Hck

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts : Business Administration (Marketing) 2008 Califomia State University Fullerton City , State
