INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER
Summary
Dependable and resourcefill Instructor/Trainer, Technical Writer and Instructional Designer who designs documentation, training programs or
curriculums, including classroom lectures, online courses, and self-study sessions, directed at students, employees, organization members, or those
who use the organization's products or services.

Accomplishments

© State of TN Teacher License 474: Business Education

* Software Expertise: Adobe Acrobat Prof 9, Adobe Captivate 5, 5.5, 7, 8, Adobe Contribute 4, Adobe Dreanmveaver, Adobe InDesign,
Adobe PhotoShop, Articulate Studio 9/Storyline, Fireworks A Basics, Flash A Basics, LMS: Backboard, SuniTotal, Moodk Microsoft
Access A '03, '07, Microsoft Excel A '03, '07, '10, Microsoft Outlook A '03, '07, Microsoft PowerPoint A '03, '07, '10, Microsoft
Publisher A '03, '07, Microsoft Word A'03, '07, '10, Snagit.

brairestbeny

University of Memphis 2016 Doctor of Education : Instruction and Curriculum Leadership Instructional Design and Technology City , State GPA:
Ist Generation PhD Fellowship Academic Achievement Award Instruction and Curriculum Leadership Instructional Design and Technology Ist
Generation PhD Fellowship Academic Achievement Award

University of Phoenix 2005 Master of Arts : Adult Education and Distance Leaming City , State GPA: GPA: 3.91 Adult Education and Distance
Leaming GPA: 3.91

University of Memphis 2003 Bachelor of Science : Business Administration Management City , State GPA: Minority Merit Scholar Business
Administration Management Minority Merit Scholar

schivor anes

Company Name May 2015 to September 2015 Instructional Designer

lena El CG

© Responsible for designing and developing course modules for the university by working with instructors and internal subject matter experts.

Company Name January 2015 to March 2015 Instructional Designer and Technical Writer
lena El CG

* Responsible for designing and developing instructor-led training for the Nike warehouse distribution center in Memphis, Tennessee.
© Wrote processes and procedures for warehouse roles and fimctions.

Company Name December 2014 to Current Tutor
lena El CG

Club Z Tutoring Cordova, Tennessee Tutor students grades K-12 on Reading, Math, State Standardized Tests, and ACT Test Preparation.
0] ome OHie eR NRCcne oie enacted ou com

Works with the student and their parent to develop a tutoring plan to fit their individual needs.

Prepare tutoring sessions to ensure the student's academic developrrent.

Assess the student's progress through the tutoring sessions.

Company Name Septerrber 2013 to April 2014 Instructional Designer
lena El CG

© Responsible for designing and developing 6 online moduks for the Introduction to Distance Education course for the TAACCCT grant.
© International Paper Memphis, Tennessee.

Company Name June 2013 to November 2014 Technical Training Manager Performance Improvement Manager
lena El CG

Worked collaboratively with business partners and other clinical staff to design and develop appropriate, high quality training interventions
and user based documrntation to meet business and organizational needs.

Managed 2 Instructional Designers and 5 Technicals Writers via interoffice and virtually.

Conducted counseling, coaching, and facilitates one-on-one coaching sessions.

Bolom see eMeeePeCMIIS le eminem ci belece

Supervised group of instructional designers and technical writers.

Assisted with operations interviewing and selection process.

Utilized Information Mapping principles and techniques to create Job Aids, Training Manuak, Standard Operating Procedures, and other
Fo tarenece (oe) os

Developed and created policies and procedures, job aids, training materials, user documentation and website alerts using Information
Ele eeieleechecey ivan

Participated in Kaizen events for improving company processes and procedures.

Company Name August 2012 to October 2012 Remote Instructional Designer
lena El CG

¢ Responsible for designing and developing online math courses for the Femdale School District for high school students using the Moodle
