WEB DESIGNER
Professional Summary

Trained Quality Assurance Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the pharmaceuticals industry. Skilled in Risk Assessment,
Regulatory summnry writings, Documentation, Quality Assurance, Quality System, and Data Analysis. Strong quality assurance professional with a
Masters in Computer Science and Bachelors in Electronics.

alg

Work History
Web designer ,

© and Database designer: One Plus, Glasgow, UK.

© Web designer: Nuckar disarmament, Glasgow.

Cane)

PE O)ibeerscciinti em or Reeer er onitd

Cn) 205.0) Ge

© Polling Clark ina Scottish parliament election (2004) Care Assistant in BUPA care hore, Glasgow.

© Specific skills: Langages: C & C# Data base: ORACLE, SQL Web Technologies: ASP.NET, HTMLS, CSS3, Dream weaver.

Currently Quality specialist , 07/2015 to Current
oi

© Preparation of the Elemental impurity Risk reports for drug products and API Experienced in developing risk analysis model and conducting
thorough risk assessment starting ftom the basic till final report Generating regulatory summary for all the approved clerrental impurities
reports (US and Canada) Collaborate globally and cross fimctionally (in CFTs) with in varying sites to complete complex project goak.
Sites: Ludwigshafen, Sligo, Cork, AP16, Puerto Rico, and Carmpoverde.(e.g.

gluten, elemental impurities, and API metal catalysts) Author, co-author and verify multiple risk control assessments pertaining to elemental
impurities, gluten, and metal catalyst used in Abb Vie drug products & API.

In-depth understanding of ICH Q3D, EMA, Pharm Eur, USP, and Gluten-FDA in relation to Abbvie drug products.

Assist compendial services with heavy metal deletion project in relation to Abbvie API's Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Adobe Acrobat,
power point, Visio, and other commonly used software.

Web master ,

* IBTN research group, UIC- February 2014 to till date Duties: Developed the official website of IBTN research group ".
© Weekly Updation of the site with all the details of major events.

© Uploaded files and photographs of research works.

© The website has an user friendly interface which even helps everybody to have a clear idea about IBTN.

Assistant Technical Officer (ATO) , 01/2004 to 01/2005
Company Name

¢ South Glasgow, NHS Trust, UK.

© Duties: Data monitoring and analysis, recording and updating data base of sterilisation equipments, working as a group, work management
Responsible for correct assembly , checking, packing and marking ofall items prior to sterilisation The operation ofa range of
decontamination equipment and performance of routine user tests.

© Inputting records and data required for the operation of the sterile services quality system

* Maintaining all the records, archives and IT system needed for the quality standard and traceability of the instrumentation.

als

ASP.NET, Adobe Acrobat, Dream Weaver, API, ASP, basic, C, C language, C++, Clinical Research, Controller, CSS3, Client, Data
Managenrent, Data Base, Database, Database management, Digital Video, Editor, Embedded C, Embedded System, computer graphics, HTML,
HTMLS, Logic, Access 2000, C#, Excel, Exchange, Office, power point, MS Word, works, NHS Trust, Oracle 9, ORACLE, ORACLE8.0,
PLSQL, Page, PLC, programming, quality, recording, research, risk analysis, risk assessrrent, scheduling, Simulation, SQL, System Design, Visio,
Visual basics, Visual Basic 6.0, Visual Basic6.0, Web designer, website, Web designing, Author

brairestbeny

Masters : Computer Application , Computer Application

MCA: CMR Institute of Management studies, University of Banglore, INDIA. P.G -

Title :Green House Controlkr, Platform Embedded C - CX15, Client: NeSt Cyber Campus, Trivandrum, Kerah, India . Including 6 months
trainng. Mini projects: Data Base Management Systems: Airline Reservation- Visual Basic6.0 and SQL. Information System Design and
Trplementation : Employment Exchange - Visual Basic 6.0 and ORACLES8.0 Simulation and Modelling : Chemical Reactor developed by C.
Interactive computer graphics: Galixean Game using C++ language. System programming : Editor developed in C including all basic requirements
ofan editor. Computer Architecture and Parallel Processing : Page Replacement Algoriths developed in hnguage C.

CP Uscheduling graph developed in C language. :

Bachelor : Ekctronics (BSc) , 1999

Ekctronics (BSc)

Pil Moku heel amelie San B cue a somes coche mE Ceci metinont Nm Oley BO) s/w ec O)ermbincalne nla
