BRANCH MANAGER/FLORAL DESIGNER
Summary

Branch Manager driven to exceed sales goals and build long term relationships with customers. Delivers positive experiences through high-quality
CIS omiox Lad

Highlights
* Effective leader © Client account management
© Stafftrainng/development * Budgeting and financial management
CME Otcoeumrtysatin CEE Oo scan prrencees) cope os)
* Conflict resolution © Cash flow management
© Deadline-oriented * Inventory control
© Up-selling techniques Cae bevece) OU oe 4
Ror ap cco
schivor anes
Branch Manager/Floral Designer

July 2012 to Current Company Name - City, State

* Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiency
Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concems, demonstrating empathy and resolving probkevs on the spot.
Shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store's efficiency.
Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.

Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays.

Fostered a positive work environment by consistently treating all employees and customers with respect and consideration.
Cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers ina friendly manner.
Communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member.

Worked with the managerent team to implement the proper division of responsibilities.

kote genettoskuaelabeluilmcaihe mee Oe renee ee trate

Supervised and directed all merchandise and shipment processing,

Reduced and controlled company expenses by preparing a daily purchasing budget.

Bi-Lingual Customer Service Representative
January 2010 to September 2011 Company Name - City, State

* Assisted Spanish speaking customers with customer issues including medication orders, refills, and also calling to remind the patient of
upcoming refills that are available on their account.

Explanation of insurance benefits and verification of medical supplies to ensure the facility is operating within the limitations of the hw.
Production based environment with quotas to meet daily, weekly, and monthly-Very demanding and fast-paced environment.

Data entry, problem solving, critical thinking, and interpersonal skills were required for this job position.

Credit Card payments processed over the phone if patient wants to pay for medical supplies out of pocket, for issues surrounding coverage
or heck of availability of the specific supplies.

Customer Service Representative
January 2009 to January 2010 Company Name - City , State

LOOoe OU PeNa URE etek stcnctvecd nat alcmen Ra lig Arnica Les eciLat at \ue ed COMMUN LAMCC SUN eesoR aI TLe RATT E CTI a
case load- the environment was a production based environment.

Making outbound calls and receiving inbound calls to involved parties including: Doctor's offices, pharmacies, medical providers, patients,
cms

© The purpose was to identify and obtain benefits, referrals, and doctor's authorizations.

* Actas the patient advocate by making sure that facilities followed through on all promised activities and processes to ensure the patient is
helped and satisfied with the level of service provided to hinyher ona daily basis.

Data entry, customer service, punctuality, interpersonal skills, critical thinking and being an organized self-starting problemrsolver was
required for this position.

Customer Care Specialist
October 2005 to January 2009 Company Name - City , State

© Cal-center environment, answering 200+ calls per day constantly- fast paced and demanding call center environment.

Performance measured based on metrics and employees had opportunities to eam bonuses- Quota's and production standards were set in
this position.

Assisted medicare customers by reviewing verbal and faxed requests for providers and partners for providing support to the healthcare
plans and providers regarding authorization requirements and customer prescription coverage.

On occasion assisted the MA/PDP Appeals department.

Navigated through the PA Hub and Argus to assist medicare customers with getting medication and resolving issues keeping patients from
obtaining their medications.
