Zachory Edmiston
Summary

Skilled in Customer Service. Motivated to enhance customer loyalty with exceptional service. Maintains well-stocked, organized stations ready for
any need. Exceeds customer expectations by providing friendly, prompt and attentive service tailored to customer's preferences. Hard worker with
3 years of service experience. Familiar with organizing seating for individuals or parties to maximize guest satisfaction. Demonstrates excellent
communication, planning and problent solving skills. Enthusiastic Graphic Artist educated in creating letterheads, signage and other business-
specific materials. Talent for translating company vision into suite of useful graphics and related designs. Skilled at working on multiple projects at
once while consistently meeting deadlines. Deadline-oriented Designer educated in creating brand messages, strategies and key graphic
productions. Resourcefil and hardworking with know-how to produce top-notch content. Ambitious student pursuing Bachelor's degree eager to
contribute developed knowledge in Graphic Design. Skilled in Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, ect. Adaptable and driven with strong
work ethic and ability to thrive in tean-based or individually motivated settings.

Skills
CE Cheda Xo“ . ee
© Highvolme dining
, paneer a Ce siretenmterdnremcca a
oe « Dining crew workflow optimization
© Front of. ie Organization Aer eer cet
aeeiaad be A 5 ¢ Price memorization
Be Ceci easier Cee tran
, svaaaarsiee ART a ethene
as © Table setting arrangements
schivor anes
Freelance Graphic Designer

City , State Company Name / Aug 2020 to Current

* Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.

Used Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, and InDesign create images and layouts.

Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustrents.

Created a business brand by designing cohesive looks between logos and ktterheads.

Utilized knowledge of production to create high quality images.

Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.

Formntted print and web applications designs and media to deliver production-ready graphics.
Fostered relationships with retail clients through effective communication, negotiation and collaboration.
Selected colors and themes while adding fimctionality to create new designs.

ss folie
City , State Company Name / May 2017 to Jul 2020

* Greeted guests and gathered informtion to seat groups or place on waitlist.

© Designed custom private fimetion and banquet packages for business dinners, sakes presentations, club meetings, weddings and charity
ran

Communicated with kitchen staffabout cook times to foster customer satisfaction.

Collaborated with front of house staff to move tables and adjust seating to accommodate customers.

Accommodated guests with chikiren and special needs to promote comfortable dining experience.

Monitored dining area to assess server capacity and estimate wait times.

Performed walked throughs during service to monitor guest satisfaction and advise serving and bussing staff of specific guest needs.
Notified server affer seating parties in section to facilitate prompt service.

Supported management by resolving customer service and food-related issues to maintain guest satisfaction.

Answered telephone to provide dining information and take party reservations.

Managed daily card and cash transactions by maintaining payment records and investigating irregularities.

Supervised activities of dining room staff to maintain service levels and support guest needs.

Cleaned and restocked counter areas, managed cash drawer and checked server supplies to facilitate operations.

© Offered preferred tables and other special accommodations to VIP customers.

aon
City , State Company Name / May 2016 to Jul 2016

© Resolved customer comphints promptly to retain customer loyalty.

© Inspected vehicks for noticeable defects such as dents, scratches and tom upholstery.

* Worked rapidly with minimal supervision to thoroughly clean exteriors and interiors of vehicles.

¢ Processed vehicles correctly and followed all checklists required for closing.

© Used scrapers, brushes, clothes, cleaners, disinfectants, insecticides, acid, abrasives, vacuumrs and hoses to clean and protect interior and
Oona my arco
