LEAD PIPING DESIGNER

itera

Senior Mechanical / Piping Designer with over 40 years of progressive design experience in the Petrochemical industry. This experience has been
gained ona variety of projects; Petrochemical, LPG Storage Facility, Polyethylene Plants, Pipeline Pumping and metering stations, Pulp & Paper
Mill Facilities, Sulfiar Recovery Units, Storage Tanks and Fire Water Systems.

Experience
PPE ea Pesunca im PA KROL PAN REO ei aNelired On merle

Lead piping design efforts on the Enterprise Front Range Pipeline Project utilizmg CADWorx. Updated bi-weekly progress status reports.
PN oeem eau Lea ano oe ater eca Lema Coc Ie Bint sateen lace a UOrb once Peck ce) cuaniin inane Cod nasi an na
Kiowa Colorado and ending at Skellytown Texas with 8 sites including 3 pumping stations and 5 metering stations.

PSR nceana Loe a RLS EBC eA c ccm MUDD Ad De Le Nand yc Le gece (once Beate eysrec Ry se
tmnhour estimates and schedules for FEL3 and detailed design phases of projects.
Principal Piping Designer 08/2008 to 05/2013 Company Name City , State

Developed line Ist, tie-in list, Equipment Arrangements, PFD's and P&ID's. Developed piping manhour estimates and schedules. Updated bi-
weekly progress status reports. Attended meetings with the clients, took meeting notes, tracked and initiated action items.

Lead a team of piping designers using CADWorx 2013 to model the Alky 1 & 2 ARN Scrubber Repkcement Project at PRSI in Pasadena
Texas.

Ako kad the Sterling Chemicals - Water Neutralization System- WHIP LITE Project. This project was modeled using Bentley AutoPLANT.
Principal Piping Designer 09/2007 to 08/2008 Company Name City , State

Lead a team of piping designers to develop a detailed design estimate for the Clean Fuels Project Vapor Recovery Systemat the Big West Oil
Company Refinery in Bakersfield California.

Principal Piping Designer 06/2006 to 09/2007 Company Name City , State

Developed 2D piping plans for the rmin fractionator tower piping modifications on the ExxonMobil Refinery - BTRF / DCU De-bottleneck
Project. Checked vendor drawings for internal interferences.

Me een ee eee oluras elton octal Les ecumm nsec te com lel eecm Oyeaicem Mba naim Rare B uae Barer C
to deliver to the client,

Senior Piping Designer 04/2006 to 06/2006 Company Name City , State

Designed miscellaneous maintenance projects including Drumming manifold modifications at the Coatings Unit. Performed field survey, routings
and shoot ckevations. Developed piping estimate to replace the obsokte CAS pumps at the Coatings Unit.

Lead Piping Designer 08/2005 to 04/2006 Company Name City , State

Lead a team of piping designers to relocate a HCU/KHT Unit from California to the Sinchir Refinery in Sinchir Wyoming, Visited the site during
Coben ce Wm race earaee seid eelLcdmeqmeul ened brie <Rrlacnnconuakectin sys om

Lead Piping Designer 12/2001 to 08/2005 Company Name City, State

Lead the Prencor Task Force for the Premcor refinery in Port Arthur Texas. Developed manpower scheduling, P&ID's, equipment layout, field
Manirelt enna loan cetResiuimecy inner a ponaied

Ako kad a team of designers at the Motiva Enterprises refinery in Port Arthur Texas on the SRU4 Cope Bumer Project. This project required
installation of new equipment prior to removal of the existing Burner, Furnace, Steam Boikr and Condenser in order to limit the tumaround to tvo
Sa cos

Sr. Piping Designer 11/1987 to 12/2001 Company Nane City , State

Lead a team of designers on the HTU Revamp Project simultancously supervising a second team to include tie-ins for a new Lube Train to be built
adjacent to the HTU and repurpose existing equipment inside the battery limits of the HTU. Served as liaison between Matrix Engineering, Motiva
and Petrocon. Followed construction for | year on the LCDU (Lube Train) Project site.

Sr. Piping Designer 11/1978 to 11/1987 Company Nane City , State
PS ecko unseen sucka cameo nnddinlncko baccr HC Eroa lianas Oc iunH tapi acai one irs oats
