FLORAL DESIGNER
Summary
Tama retail floral designer who is energetic, outgoing and detail-oriented. I can handle multiple responsibilities simuttancously while providing
exceptional customer service. I have been in floral sales for 13 years and in other avenues of retail sales for over 20 years. I ama driven and
results-focused professional seeking a position m a company in which I can share my talents.

schivor anes

10/2014 to 01/2015 Company Name City , State

* Plan arrangement according to client's requirements, utilizing knowledge of design and properties of materials, or select appropriate standard
design pattern,

© Cheerfilly assisted staff to have a productive and festive holiday season.

* Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.

CE Chccae nen e eb oa chi Bi acia Karn om Cee Laces

* Attended sales seminar to lear techniques for increasing sales for each order.Suggestive selling.

Floral Designer 01/2006 to 09/2014 Company Name City , State

CUO) oeoeB bir erica

Filing sales receipts, taking phone orders, collecting orders from Teleflora Dove system

© Confer with clients and giving quality customer service regarding price and type of floral arrangement or gourmet fruit basket desired and the
date, tine, and place of delivery.

© Trimmnterial and arrange bouquets, wreaths, terrarium, and other items using trimmers, shapers, wire, pins, floral tape, foam, and other
materiab.

© Perform office and retail service duties such as keeping financial records, serving custorrers, answering telephones, selling giftware iterrs and

Ipeeeuiee eu Ebene

Inform customers about the care, maintenance, and handling of various flowers and foliage, indoor plants, and other items.

Decorate or supervise the decoration of buildings, halls, churches, or other facilities for parties, weddings and other occasions.

Iterize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter, using cash register, and accept cash or charge card for purchases.

Attend floral symposius to eam the htest floral trends for weddings and everyday design.

Pee Deut nage rio cunuicein mee bok sired dem anen ae Memol) ca Obl tla mule tre cwietg yeep el Caccl om

Floral Designer 07/2002 to 11/2005 Company Name City , State

* Worked ina dedicated team of six floral designers being able to multi task between selling, designing and answering the phone.
© Created floral designs for hospital fimctions and organized delivery for on time arrival for the event.

© Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.

* Place prices or descriptive signs on backdrops, fixtures, merchandise, or floor.

* Motivated staff'to be positive and to give exceptional customer service in a hospital enviroment.

© Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.

© Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise.

brairestbeny

Associates Degree : Retail May 1979 CAPE COD COMMUNITY COLLEGE City , State Retail

CC Community College / Travel and Tourism Certificate 1999 Cass Floral School / Floral Design Certificate 2000

als

advertising, cash register, Resolve customer comphints, client, clients, customer service, delivery, designing, Filing, financial, focus, inventory,
mnteriak, office, 2000, quality, receiving, retail, selling, sales, tables, telephones, phone, type
