SR. GRAPHICS DESIGNER

Summary

Thave been working as a graphic designer for Vanderbilt University forA twenty years. Additionally since 2013, I have been supervising/advising
a team of anywhere from ten to 17 student designers who perform work for Vanderbilt students and student groups.

Highlights

© InDesign © Mrosoft Word, Acrobat

* Photoshop Designing in four-color

© Illustrator = © Photo mnipulation and retouching

Camel ti 4 © Illustration and wordmark design
Accomplishments

Awards: Second Phce for Great Performances at Vanderbilt 2006-07 brochure from Association of College Unions International
First Place for Best Calendar 2006-07 from Association of College Unions Intemational -Region 5

First Place for Great Performances at Vanderbilt 2001-02 brochure ftom Association of College Unions International

Second Place for Homecoming Ad 2001-02 from Association of College Unions Intemational

schivor anes

PU ROR Ie e)

Sr. Graphics Designer Company Name i City , State

© Graphic design work for all offices within the office of the Dean of Students including brochures, postcards, ads, posters, fliers, table tents,
invitations, T-shirts, logos, banners, et.al

© This involves work for any or all of the following departrents: Active Citizenship & Service; Arts & Campus Events; Assessment and

Special Projects; Black Cultural Center; Center for Student Wellbeing, Chaplain & Religious Life; Office of University Central

Adninistration; Conferences Office; Greek Life; Housing and Residential Education; Inclusion Initiatives and Cultural Competence;

International Student & Scholar Services; LGBTQI Life; Project Safe Center; Reservations & Events; Student Accountability, Community

Standards, & Academic Integrity, Student Centers; Student Leadership Development; Student Organizations; Transition Programs;

Margaret Cuninggim Worren's Center; and sometimes projects outside of DOS when specially requested by the Dean of Students.

Conduct research and collect informtion for all design projects.

Assist with the development and implementation of marketing and public relations plans and strategies; write brochures, news releases and

other promotional materials; handle details of production.

Supervise, train, and assign work to ACE student workers.

(XU NekCleB emu elee ee den euem

Contact printer and orchestrate final outcome of design products.

Contact vendors and other professionals in preparation for design and marketing projects.

PN on bi ccuiee elem altace le aie len om curries ee Desk eee c ce

OTA Tenn eset
Marketing/PR Specialist Company Name 14 City , State

© Graphic design work for Student Campus Events and more within the Office of the Dean of Students including brochures, postcards, ads,
posters, fliers, table tents, invitations, T-shirts, logos, et.al.

Oe uett i Maeicisgereinectia core Cae SRO Cinoue Rite nOmrlenl ees on mle Creat i@criec@clet Levee

Vanderbilt Homecoming, International Lens, and more.

Conduct research and collect informtion for all design projects.

Assist with the development and implementation of marketing and public relations plans and strategies; write brochures, news releases and

other promotional materials; handle details of production.

NT ros Comm seme eccye Ree a CO RTIb eC ACO TE Cie

(XU NekCleB emu elee ee den euem

Contact printer and orchestrate final outcome of design products.

Contact vendors and other professionals in preparation for design and marketing projects.

Compose press releases and edit text.

[Ovo retcl mee Bresaeberl Bertil tcy

PN e biota eee al et cele iat lle ROR curiae nS TlaClia

01/1994 to 01/1996
RYouracia mle @oln sate Nrlineh yO mmr)

DO ini er treme GlIb sine Oe Senteecs sluice ORiLenie cara Satan
Prepare mailings for distribution.

[Ovo retcl mee Bresaeberl Bertil tcy

Compose press releases and edit text.

Track history for all performances presented by Sarratt.

Prepare time sheets for employees.

Answer phones, file and substitute for cashier.

01/1988 to 01/1992
