LEAD INTERACTION DESIGNER

Summary

Senior UX/UI Designer Profile: Tim has been involved in user centered design for over 20 years, with a focus on human factors and usability. He
has worked ona wide variety of projects focusing on improvement of finctionality and performance. He is an expert with Heuristic evaluation,
usability, developing and evahuting user interfaces (GUI design), iterative design methodology and human computer interaction (HCI). Areas of
experience: Usability & Interaction Design Usability engineering, Standards and guideline review, User interface design standards, Usability
testing/Focus groups, Cognitive walkthroughs, Heuristic evaluation, Pluralistie walkthroughs, Website design, Interaction design, Personas, Use
cases, Scenarios, Contextual Inquiries, Affinity Diagrams, Contextual Design, Ethnography, wireffames, user flows Development Software
development standards, Software testing, HTML authoring, 3D modeling and programming, Advanced image manipulation and analysis, 3D
interfaces, Interactive digital prototyping, Artificial Intelligence, touch mput, SQL, Agile Developrrent Other Secret military clearance, Military/
SPA WAR/DOD/ONR contracts, CDC/ NHSN, SaaS, Training and instructional design, Technical writing and editing, Project managerent,
Healthcare, Medical Diagnostic Innging systems, Electronic Medical Records, HIPAA, Fitness Equipment.

Highlights

© User Centered Design CREO e icons 6 eines
© Human Computer Interaction(HCD) = ¢ ~Wireffames
Cae ecto Cie ae di)
© Agik Development © Prototyping

als
User Centered Design:
Accomplishments

Innovation Tournament award winner 2014 - Leveraging Realtime Algorithmic Dashboards (RAD's) to Improve Patient Care
Innovation Tournament award winner 2013 - MARS: Medical Augmented Reality System

2009 IDEA Award - T7xe Treadmill

2009 Taiwan's Excellence Silver Award - T7xe Treadmill

Patent 8,113,990 - Method of controlling an exercise apparatus Issued February 14, 2012

Patent 8,360,934 - Method of controlling an exercise apparatus Issued January 29, 2013

Patent 8,840,526 - Method of controlling an exercise apparatus Issued September 23, 2014

schivor anes
Lead Interaction Designer 05/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

* Timis the lead interaction designer ona nine person Agile software development team creating software for use in healthcare facilities.

© His role as one of three BAs on the team ns him conducting user testing and interviews, data gathering, persona developrrent, wire-
framing, story writing, interface analysis, and being the general usability evangelist.

He acts as the NHSN point of contact, keeping the software compliant with evolving CDC requirements.

His team produces incremental updates to the code base ona two week sprint cycle and the velocity of his team has increased steadily over
ee aties at ren lice

* Timalso serves on the Wellness committee and the Safety Committee as a floor warden and first responder.

VP of Engineering / Product Development Director 09/2009 to 04/2012 Company Name City , State

* Timworked as the VP of Engineering and product developrrent.

© His responsbilities included managing the current suite of virtual reality software, designing the future software and hardware offerings,
vendor relations, client support, systems design, sensor design, quality control and quality assurance, technology specialist, and usability
ohana

© Other responsibilities included bringing new technology and opportunities to the company, driving the new vision for the company, and
developing an on-line community around the new products.

Innovation Engineer 09/2009 to 04/2012 Company Nane City , State

® Timworked as an innovation engineer, bridging the gap between need and technology.

He utilized his skills as an engineer to create unique solutions for client needs.

Projects included:.

Intoxiclock: Took third generation product and migrated it from simple input device to multimedia application on a netbook.
Upgraded poster sized input panel to USB HID device.

Created custom dynamic printouts of user data.

GermBot: Designed a UV-C retrofit to a vacuum robot for use in sterilization of foors without chemicals.

Sr. Usability Engineer 02/2007 to 09/2009 Company Name City , State

PRE Ois ey Nonelcl lhe abil cuail nieces uubecemoceilieccocusn tam abiinesiiemltvecker liste
¢ He was the primary innovator in the migration of the platform consoks from primitive LED displays to award winning advanced GUIs
utilizng LCD dispkays.
