INTERIOR DESIGNER

Summary

A results oriented designer with the objective to evolve creatively in the fick! of interior design. Experienced, organized and adept at developing
eshte ICelic

schivor anes

Interior Designer

January 2011 to Current

Interior Designer/ Outside Sales Representative

March 2006 to January 2011 Company Name i City , State

© Established new accounts and business relationships with construction companies and local builders.
* Assisted builders and their clients with specification ofall interior finishes within budget.

© Provided design sketches and spec sheets to clients and contractors.

© Placed orders accordingly and scheduled deliveries.

© Interfaced with contractor and installers to ensure proper procurement.

© Attended company sales meetings to establish new goals and sakes quotas.

Interior Designer
May 2005 to August 2009 Company Name 1 City , State

© Consulted with clients to determine architectural and design preference.

CEP Co iene canoe buono m neko Conem lic be

© Developed design drawings and spec sheets accordingly.

© Interfaced with builder and all sub-contractors on site to ensure proper procurement and installation.

© Oversight ofall product and materials orders and deliveries.

© Maintained communication with clients and contractor throughout the buikling process to facilitate any special requests or change orders.

Designers i/ Owner
lena El CG

* Consult with clients and/or contractors to determine scope of work, design style preferences and budgets.

© Specify products and materials accordingly.

Originate and develop design concepts and presentations for clients including design drawings, renderings and furniture designs ifcustom
curation is called for.

Provide detailed spec sheets, design drawings and pricing to contractor.

Facilitate orders and deliveries of mterials utilizing spreadsheets and point ofsale system

Maintain communicative relationships with all participating parties including clients, contractors, product representatives, and installers.
Oversight and management of several projects simultaneously from concept to completion.

brairestbeny

Associate of Arts : Interior Design , 2008 Southwest University of Visual Arts i City , State Interior Design

Associate of Arts : Art History , 2005 Art History New Mexico State Universtiy - Las Cruces, NM

als

budgets, budget, concept, clients, materials, meetings, presentations, pricing, procurement, sales, specification, spreadsheets
