SOLUTION DESIGNER
Si

Trend
Seeking a Planning Engineer position to utilize my skills and abilities in an industry that offers security and professional growth while beng
resourcefill innovative and flexibk.

bs hanraniy

Packages : AutoCAD 2D & 3D, Primavera Complete (Web,Client, Progress Reporter, Team Member) M.S- Office, M.S-Dos, Digital
Designing & Video Editing (Adobe-Photoshop, Page Maker, Illustrator, Core+ Draw, Adobe-Preimere, Ulead Video Studio, Macromedia
Flash, Projects, Computer Fundamentals and Information Technology).

Experience

Solution Designer Mar 2014 to Current

(Oo rane AOSHI!

Designing projects.

Manage all site and department specific requirements related to the projects beng executed.

Preparing OCS, WIR, MIR.

Bild Coal ENO Ca Cb ici at etc

Program updates in conjunction with schedules (Materials delivery status scheduke/drawing status schedule), and work on place at site &
histogram updates, which forma part of the weekly & monthly report.

er)

Draughtsmn cum site Supervisor Oct 2012 to Jan 2014
(eon tance LOLI

Manage all site and department specific requirements related to the projects beng executed.

Designing projects.

Bile CoB een S ae bicir at etce

Preparation of quantities and estimation from the working drawing,

Program updates in conjunction with schedules (Materials delivery status schedule/drawing status schedule), and work on place at site &
histogram updates, which forma part of the weekly & monthly report.

Monitoring and coordinating with professional consultants, Architecture, Interior and Structural

Migumicinousiane a eure Alan ceb lucie OmenledEMUntee ee cei ceomecciab en meleealromeer iste Ole eakeeitcle eis
Migmicineusianer a eure Adan ccbuciics OmenledEMlntes ee cei ceomeciaL en melealromuer iste Once dneateeltcla oie
Mimic need Les ypu GRMN a Lovch Lenape leuecC Cr caleeiaibecliaealtenereniiiasayuieia

Preparation of extension of time program (delays caused by additional works to the contract).

Reviewing program efficiency, Analyzing efficiencies & preparation of look aheads, Estimating the weighted percentages.

Bayo NTC van mca econnlwee aaa ich Aue

Determine the project scope of work and analyze.

Monitoring construction site activities such as, material supply, bor work, local payrrents, etc..,.

Draughtsmn cum site Supervisor Apr 2010 to Sep 2012
(OO HINA Nhe LOL NMR HI!

Manage all site and department specific requirements related to the projects beng executed.

Designing projects.

Bice aoa bere neB ice biciirat eis

Preparation of quantities and estimation fom the working drawing,

Program updates in conjunction with schedules (Materials delivery status scheduk/drawing status schedule), and work on place at site &
histogram updates, which forma part of the weekly & monthly report.

Monitoring and coordinating with professional consultants, Architecture, Interior and Structural,

Preparation of remedial programs & detailed programs for critical activities / areas in co-ordination with other contractors /sub- contractors.
Preparation of remedial programs & detailed programs for critical activities / areas in co-ordination with other contractors /sub- contractors.
Mio iclbee ding peut toner cR ahs Loach erie peeucccPuies cranes insiibecuaeal vention gen y inate

Preparation of extension of time program (delays caused by additional works to the contract).

Reviewing program efficiency, Analyzing efficiencies & preparation of look aheads, Estimating the weighted percentages.

Bao RN Ke ona ca econ nuee mee cnatia

Determine the project scope of work and analyze.

Monitoring construction site activities such as, mterial supply, labor work, local payments, etc.., While studying FORT ENGINEERING.

|

Trainee Jun 2009 to Feb 2010
(Ooi tana ROLES HIC

CRO nner CBS nmcaycee ena ie CLOA TCAD Oe
¢ Day to day inspection monitoring,

Preparation of project documents.

¢ Preparation of completion drawing.

¢ Monitoring and coordinating with professionab.

© Preparation of the progress reports which reflects the actual progress on site.
