WEBSITE DESIGNER
Ss
Software developer well-versed in the entire workflow for developing and implementing websites, including: consulting with the customer,
designing mock-ups, programming the site, and incorporating customer feedback.
als
CMA Stsl buch tag
PN eral
MVC 4.0
Bots BSats aN (as
03
Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, Stored Procedures
ONTO Lorb gence neces)
IS UW Bo OK]
Javascript, JQuery
Puan
LIN

ese e)e
Adobe Design Suite
Agik Software Development Methodology

Accomplishments
© JCH Digital Designs Portfolio, which lists a number of client sites: httpyAvww.cocs.comyjchdesigns/portfolio.htm

schivor anes
Website Designer , 12/2016 to Current Company Name i City , State

© Currently working as a freelancer to redesign websites for my own clients and customers.
The process involved working with the client during all stages of development:

Discussed requirements, documentation, and business needs regarding the design of the site.
Oh elet Pines chocdeuegerenelHoeciieceeninlled tetese lees

Worked with the client throughout the testing stages to make sure they were happy.
Delivered the final website within the client’s budget and the quoted timefiame.

Used: C#, ASP.Net, HTMLS, CSS3, Javascript, JQuery, mySQL, Adobe Design Suite.

Senior Software Developer , 07/2016 to 11/2016 Company Name iA City , State

© Contracted to Fiserv and assigned to the Velocity Loan Software Migration project which involved upgrading credit union clients from
Mo ot AOR

© This involved taking a client's XSLT and XML files and transforming them with custom mapping software into LUXML files, which were

then processed by the Velocity software.

OT aeciibbochis eames rele moe ane ucir ka ala kPa MOTO Leto Eom OUR belted

calculations as the version 2 mapping files.

Helped develop unit testing software to ensure the LUXML files were fully tested before delivering them to the client.
© Supervised and reviewed the work of 3 offhore developers in India.

© Used: XML, XSLT, Visual Basic, SQL Server, TFS, JIRA.

Support Engineer Tier III , 02/2016 to 04/2016 Company Name 1 City , State

* Contracted to Abi, a company which provides accounting and membership-managerment software to non-profit associations.
© Investigated and resolved tickets escalated from the Tier II engineers.

Worked with the lead developer to create testing and review processes to ensure the version 3 mapping files contained the same data and

© Helped resolve the maintenance tickets in queue which resulted in improved metrics for our department and faster issue-resolution time for

Omura
© Used C#, Visual Studio 2014, SQL Server 2012, TFS, Agile development, and .NET Framework 4.5.

Lead Software Developer , 12/2014 to 02/2016 Company Name 1% City , State

« Acompany which creates digital models for clients for use in artwork, animation, and other projects, as well as designs and develops
Belem

Supervised and led a team of developers on a number of projects.

This included guiding and mentoring the junior developers and helping them improve their skils.

Worked as a project manager ona project which involved creating a model ofa soccer player for a client.

This included going back and forth between the client and the modelmaker to refine the model as needed.

Created, redesigned, and cleaned up websites for a number of clients, using C#, ASP.Net, AngularJS, and PHP.

Created digital models ofa hospital interior for a medical equipment company.

This involved having phone meetings with the client to create a list of requirements which were passed to the mode-imker.
