DESIGNER
Summary

Pee UB BR RSIS cu ee gecl ue Uliana ao ie gues Ulbne Riel Pr ceat snes ORT LSen set aici BLISS carat eh
logistics experience who thrives in dynamically changing enviroments. A

Perentens

Decunpeiuces nets atc
eres neanavaNt O7.ND)

Adobe Photoshop

Concept development

Product specifications

Color and mnterial application
Strong keader

Proficient with fimniture systems
Vendor sourcing

Knowledgeabk of quality control standards
iceuncan eras eaeslicd

Dedication to product quality

Compliance with GMPs

Accomplishments

Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements.

schivor anes
03/2014 to 11/2015
Designer Company Name - City , State

Design and built custom fimniture from client’s initial conceptual idea.

Create CAD drawings for approval

Create estinnte of pricing

Provide finish samples and fabrics cuttings for approval, Creates, reviews, and modifies all specification docurrentation including approval
Clo Winemt lamer huinemete EI Rssesliedlt ice

Responsible for correct building and finishing of product designed

Completed key projects on time, on budget and with a high level ofaccuracy.

Reviewed production orders, schedules, delivery dates and inventory kvels to determine product availability.

ECHO tccetr erro Renaeioesd ice Ob read ceebecen nen asic

Supervised production schedules, production quality and on time delivery.

PEO r Ren
Senior Production Manager Company Name - City , State

Managenent of Production team

i emcee Om ecmebenileice alkene heccsimleByeciiceicpecseadiites

Ako responsibk for accurate generation of Order Acknowledgrent and related approval drawings when necessary, and review and launch
IMEI ci Mm etb ea lbee

Worked closely with R&D department, assisting as necessary in the development of new products.

Created, reviewed, and modified all specification documentation including approval drawings, supplier drawings, and all specifications in the
MAS 200 system, and E2 ShopTec System

Reviewed and maintained pricing for all Formations product line, meeting directly with owners to evaluate value-engincering concepts and
ebeice

Developed, evaluated, and maintained the quality of our vendors and products.

Meet Ea CR seo AC cus Om aC Bill lNe Ih meCc eB Pua neCICeMb OR ei nineciaM inch gscos bac

Responsibke to oversee and supervise the team in production ofall products verifying proper assembly techniques, finishes, upholstery, and
development of necessary implementation.

Communicated and instructed sales to assure a smooth flow of information throughout the production process.

Maintained average tum-around on all custom quotes and estimates.

Assisted in the daily questions and issues related to "Custom!' work and/or engineering of orders to the respective department supervisors,
when necessary.

Authorized the fulfillment of requests for repairs, orders retums/cancellation and discounts.

Interacted with all managers to solve/discuss issues, concems, updates, projects, and deadlines for all demands.

06/2004 to 11/2005
Project Manager Company Nam - City, State

Space and furniture planning

Design capabilities along with strong organizational and communication skill, creation of FF&E, color & mterials.

Coordination of drawings and information with other disciplines while providing design support for compktion and execution of design
projects (space planning, details, specifications, material palettes).
