INDEPENDENT DESIGNER

Professional Summary

Independent and results driven Design Professional with an extensive background in the design process. Proficient in taking initiative, along with a
desire to achieve client satisfaction, for a record ofaccomplished results.

Skills

© Direction

¢ Docunrntation
Cesjeccem ested * Innovation
CMe lege ecm ¢ Interior design
* Project Coordination © Teamkead
CM Dace yagi) © Leadership
Cie wre one ere tren) CY atonal
« ADA & Building Codes * Meetings
© Written & Verbal Communication © MS Office Suite
* Product Specification © Office
Cree O7.ND) © Organizational
© MS Office Suite © Personnel
© Salesforce Cae giccantlt ety
« ADA, Specification « Problem Resolution
¢ AutoCAD, Strategy © Processes
CU Sree CMM eiecle@ eerie tite: os Me aroetocie eile
CEO sinc ccna HCl © Programming
0) 0) (ote « Project Coordination
© Creativity © Real Estate
¢ Customer satisfaction Cae aryl

* Sales

Cs octeee ia stern

Work History

INDEPENDENT DESIGNER , 04/2020 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Create Site and Fixture Plans utilizing AutoCAD for Walgreens, Chipotle, and Aspen Dental for use by Real Estate Developers and
See rc ina Ciecl(e) ce

© Perform on-site surveys to produce AutoCAD floor plan drawings of existing spaces for electronic docurrentation, in addition to providing
space improverent solutions and options.

SPECIFICATIONS MANAGER , 01/2015 to 03/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Traveled extensively throughout my territory creating and conducting product presentations/meetings for Architects, Designers, Buikders,
Furniture Manufacturers, Facility Managers, Retail and Commercial End Users.

© Initiated new business and grew existing accounts by 40 percent while mnintaining/nurturing relationships.

* Identified and targeted high value projects in planning stages to drive specifications, resulting in exceeded saks goals.

WORKPLACE CONSULTANT , 01/2003 to 01/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Worked as team kad in creating well-connected workplaces utilizing design processes from programming and design analysis to space
planning and aesthetics, while adhering to applicable buikding and ADA codes.

Reduced Office Real Estate by introducing new ways of working by making use of change managerrent skills.

Introduced to stake-holders organizational agility and flexibility resulting in improved communication, collaboration, creativity, imovation and
employee satisfaction.

Developed Corporate wide standards for efficiency of space management and procurement.

Supervised firmiture installation, materials and equipment for large commercial projects with budgets in excess of $1,000,000.

Coordinated projects ranging from 1000 sfup to 1,000,000 sf throughout Corporate Real Estate portfolio.

Provided leadership in planning, development and execution of large personnel relocations and reconfigurations, resulting in successful and
timely completion, minimum disruption and successfill customer satisfaction based on post-occupancy evaluations.

SENIOR INTERIOR DESIGNER , 01/1994 to 01/2003
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Utilized interior design process across conceptual, schematic, design development and construction document phases.
¢ Created professional presentations to communicate design intent and direction.

Education
