SR TOOLING DESIGNER
Professional Profile
Experienced Mechanical Designer creating high quality CAD models and engineering drawings in a variety of technical manufacturing industries
with experience working in manufacturing and advanced technology industries, designing, detailing, assembling, debugging, and utilizing a strong
muchine shop background. Design & drafling experience includes: equipment for tooling, fixtures, automated machines, structural steel detailing,
sheet metal design, Engineering Change Order as well as Red Line drawing changes, weldment fixtures and hands on fabrication Autodesk
Inventor experience release 10 through 2015 and SolidWorks experience release 97 Plus Certified, Trained in 2008-2009 & Current work
experience with 2010. Drawing standards include compliant with ANSI/ASME, ANSI/AWS, as wellas ITAR, good understanding of both
English & Metric Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing Techniques
Qualifications

© InventorA modeling

© Drafting techniques © Interpersonal skills

PRO eine licked ies ce 7 CMM oDerae eels)

Ce Bontaeranatl

schivor anes
Sr.Tooling Designer 01/2010 to Current Company Name City , State

© Using Autodesk Inventor 2012,2015 and AutoCAD 2015 to produce original tooling designs and working drawings.

© Support ofdomestic and foreign manufacturing facilities in troubk-shooting tooling design issues.

© Processed Engineering change requests to prepare and update drawings to current standards.

© GD&T taskforce member working with a cross fimetional group to make drafting changes and standard for the Metal Packaging Division.

Mechanical Design Engineer 01/2010 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

* Processed drawing changes for the Ion Beam coating chambers on both standard and custom configuration chambers.
© Original design work to simplify and reduce the interior shickling to a establish a standard for fiture configurations.
© Design and drawing software was SolidWorks.

Mechanical Design Engineer 01/2010 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

© Retrofitted existing tooling and designed additional features for the LeyBokd coating chamber for production work Created original part
designs, solid models, detailing, Iges or Step files for solid model geometry and, PDF files for in-house data file management Revised and
updated electronic drawing files providing hard copies of the latest revisions to production tears Used standard methods to sure work
was checked back into the projects correct file location.

* Design and drawing software included SolidWorks.

Mechanical Design Engineer 01/2010 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

* Worked on design improvements for existing environmentally controlked disk drive test chamber to prepare for a production.
© Processed engineering changes for 3D CAD solid model designs and corrections of existing solid models.
© Design and drawing software included Autodesk Inventor.

Mechanical Design Engineer 01/2010 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

© Created a new tooling assembly fixture design for to improve production efficiency Original design of two test prototypes and one working
model Fabricated, Assembled and demonstrated use of working prototype for proof of concept Design iteration of prototype for higher
capacity assembly fixture to be used in high volume production New part design, design reviews, solid modeling, 3D stereolithography fil,
detailing, Iges or Step files for solid models Design and drawing software included SolidWorks.

Mechanical Design Engineer 01/2009 to 01/2009 Company Narre City , State

© Original design work on new parts and fixtures for Diode Array, as well as the BAK and MSP coating chambers Support and processing of
design reviews, solid models and detailed drawings Processed Iges or Step files for solid model geometry and created PDF fiks for in-
house data file management Worked on revisions to update the electronic drawing files and created hard copies for production use Design
and drawing software included SolidWorks 2009.

Mechanical Designer 01/2008 to 01/2008 Company Name City , State

© Supported project work with the director of engineering to process engineering changes to the custom coating chambers for the Solr
Panels production Ime Working according to a tight schedule for deadlines on new part design creating solid model changes, detailed
drawings of wekdments and revisions / updates of electronic drawing files Processed ECO paper work, printing out the latest revisions
Responsible original design of new self-contained Solar Panel, custom mobile storage and transportation cart Design and drawing software
included Autodesk Inventor 2008 and Vault.

Senior Mechanical Designer 01/2004 to 01/2008 Company Name City , State
¢ Designed and detailed custom coating fixtures & tooling for the BAK, LeyBold, and MSP coating chambers Designed original parts
