MECHANICAL DESIGNER

Professional Profile

4€« Design Engineer with a proven track record of success. Offer excellence in analytical decision making and product innovation to drive business
growth and colaboration.A An articulate presenter with the ability to communicate technical information ina clear and concise manner.

BK

Enthusiastic and driven design engineer with diverse experience across project life cycle, including research and development, manufacturing, and
project kadership.A A strong conceptual thinker with the ability to align teams to achieve strategic business objectives.

Bek

De aa cle cokonma Laure BE Lai Meat orem Nene ae mnt Arr otcesne tat Sy eMEO] Taine ic}
including certifications in Machine Operation & Programming (CNC Laser/Punch) , expertise in Autodesk Inventor, Autocad and a Kenan
knowledge of Solidworks and comprehensive knowledge of Lean Manuficturing principks.

Graduate withanA Associates Of Applied Science Degree in Computer Aided Drafling & DesignA. secking.a challenging Cy entaisa piece)
design, development, and support. Self- motivated and committed to improving environmental, health and safety conditions while oat

ienatnsmne Recep
Qualifications
A ‘ ¢ Teamphyer
* Rapid prototyping eer
SRP slot CU LS Ler ATONE C3) ar Te
¢ Microsoft office proficientA Par eran en ri
o

Experience
Mechanical Designer 10/2011 to 01/2017 Company Name City , State

DP Surv Nt ren Burececc ne @e LO Casey: Weel a intend

CA ance uo Om Le hes B eed

Check and update/advise changes to the P&ID as needed,

Consult project managers on design changes.A

Sole problens on shop floor.

5+ experience in CAD modeling,

SRR oe Cau pecen eg uel orem na helsca aretha mest Tet Rae sence

OLE Buta tceduilonnicnine Rarer etmarurannnderr yids Rs cate poe

Sketched outline designs and used CAD programs to create detailed design and specifications.

Consulted with development engineers on new products technologies.

Researched suppliers of raw materials and finished goods and collaborated with purchasing department to obtain samples for process
validation and fimctionality.

Attended cross-fimctional product meetings to discuss parts sourcing, lead times and production scheduks.
© Managed continuous improverrent projects in alignment with category strategies.

LO PP Lice BetE cence alo P URAC R@on sina NClired ON BESTT

Reverse engineered parts to create fabrication drawings.

¢ Kept drawings current and up to date.

CMY Guninatie stick Keotn stirs tree

PR eS ce Opctuch Lees toes ren st cs oom

¢ Clean Parts to insure they are fiee of dirt and particles to be Vacuum Packed for shipping,

¢ Read and interpreted blueprints and created engineering drawings and sketches.

¢ Sketched outline designs and used CAD programs to create detailed design and specifications.

NC Programmer/Administrative Assistant 07/2000 to 04/2010 Company Name City , State
© Programmed parts using CNC software.
CARO} ore Ror aeieane mien oe a
Ce rccKehiee oe Coaaci Re encom

© Performed price quotes for outside work
Pe SONOS raoniecmiuronbncae cel

Laser Operator 07/1998 to 07/2000 Company Name City , State

Pe NEES Ob uc kM bi mb neriem mC B UnTely esccaTeD RAUK OD sc ae
PU Clicratne mua coment beninavinecm ito alae crecaar ital

Shear Operator 03/1998 to 07/1998 Company Name City , State
POE recsnanlin scan rma bebe tic aoe
Polisher 05/1997 to 03/1998 Company Name City , State

PR a re Ciara aw td
