LEAD SENIOR GRAPHIC DESIGNER.
Summary
Manage multiple projects, Cross-Channel Marketing, Messaging & Branding Consistency, Visual Communications, Brand Creation &
Reinvention, Strategies, Efficiency, Planning, Improvements, Supervise, Development, Evaluation, Sets a high standard for all graphics designers,
Trplementing to adapt to and develop new techniques, High level of problem solving. Look Development: Using 3dsMax, Maya, Softimage, Vray
and Mental ray.3d Lighting and Shaders: Intimate knowledge of Vray, Mental ray creating and using image based lighting, traditional lighting, and
hybrids.3D Modeling: Detailed hard surface polygonal modeling in 3dsMax, Maya and Softimage (automotive, mechanical, product and
architectural). Cleanup and model prep, optimization and modifications to existing models.General 3d: General scene setup, optimization and prep
work in 3dsMax, Maya, Softimage. Vray and Mental ray. Camera previz work, lighting, shading, painting textures, UVW mapping, modeling, and
enelaginem
Highlights

© Autodesk 3DS

Whe
© Autodesk
NEN)

Ca irvzsles|
Mental ray
wae te * Strong knowledge Joomla (Wordpress) CMS (HTML, Flash) and SEO to Google top 10 positionExperience on a
Photoshop MAC and Windows platform
Oe Nod « Adobe DreamveaverAdobe FlashArtiosCADZbrushK eynoteMicrosoft OfficePowerPointSolid Works
Effects
y Clete
sivstiesiteg
PC Colea gait)
y Clete
Bice

Accomplishments

Designed and implemented a special art project for [Organization Name] . Formulated an inclusive design manual reference guide with more than
[Number] design temphtes.

schivor anes

07/2014 - Current

Company Name i City , State Lead Senior Graphic Designer

© Using 3dsMax, Maya, Softimage, Vray and Mental ray.

3d Lighting and Shaders: Intimate knowledge of Vray, Mental ray creating and using image based lighting, traditional lighting, and hybrids.
3D Modeling: Detailed hard surface polygonal modeling in 3dsMax, Maya and Softimage (automotive, mechanical, product and
architectural).

Cleanup and model prep, optimization and modifications to existing modeb.

General 3d: General scene setup, optimization and prep work in 3dsMax, Maya, Softimage.

Vray and Mental ray.

Camera previz work, lighting, shading, painting textures, UVW mmpping, modeling, and rendering.

Identified resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities Reviews and enhanced deliverables prepared by team before passing to
clint Effectively applies our methodology and enforces project standards Analyzed and customized project profitability, and utilization
Provided detailed direction to designers Set a high standard for all graphic designers Advised and minimize exposure and risk on project
Advanced visualization of packaging Chaired products for best selling brands and companies like: McDonalds, Coca Col, KFC, Jack
Danick, Kraft Foods, Hershey's, Winchester, Nestle, Blizzard, CVS Phanmacy, Wallgrens, Jolm Deere, Kellog's, United Aitines,
Gentelman Jack, Optimum Nutrition, Bayer, SC Johnson, Smimoff, Miller, Fisher, Offete.

01/2014 - 072014
Company Name 1 City , State Project Manager

© Identified resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client Effectively
applies our methodology and enforces project standards Analyzed project profitability, and utilization Provided detailed direction to
designers Assisted in the education and development of designers Set a high standard for all graphic designers Minimize exposure and risk
on project 3D visualization of packaging 3D modeling 3D texturing 3D lighting 3D Animations Web development and graphic design
company website Chaired products for best selling brands and companies like: Dunkin Donuts, Sony, American Eagle, Bulova, True, Burt's
Bees, Loreal, Gatorade, Herbalife, Hitachi, Algida, Dior, Yankee Candle, Nicki Minaj, Bentley.

09/2013 - 01/2014

Company Name i City , State Graphic Designer Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral. Created visuals that
Heel Re KUCKBIN LoL nese ee@ nia ee ROL Om

07/1995 - 06/2013

Company Name i City , State Creative Director

¢ Interacted with Modelers to developcreative concepts and executions of assigned products Possessed solid understanding of the science
