PROJECT MANAGER/INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER

Summary
Pevencll rebcolima Pv cus Lome ichidner le Sccuecme ge lae niin reRcte eo iece ral inmeet tee eg releases
UTE meni bent Ni@ cna
BS ania}

Sere eer yr OM Foreei@ may (cauned

- a ¢ Adobe Connect

© Adobe eLeaming Suite 2.5 (to include Adobe Presenter, Captivate, and Dream Weaver) i" ie

© Microsoft Office 1993-2007 (to include PowerPoint, Word, Excel) Ont ea)

Pe Bic)veyg , jet en ;

© Video training development , ryan

* XenDesktop © Microsoft Office

, be reo Ely ¢ SharePoint

* Zoom Web Conferencing

Accomplishments

Continues to developed curriculum for several Bachelor and Master Level courses, as wellas NCPACE training courses.

Completed and eared the following certifications from Lynda.cont

PX catsl ems Oay ited

Instructional Design Essentials: Models of ID
Instructional Design Essentials: Storyboarding
Instructional Design Essentials: Working with SMEs
Introduction to Networking

Leaming Managerent Essentials (LMS) Fundamentals
Practical Cybersecurity

Up and Running with Articulate Storyline

Up and Running with Canvas

schivor anes
Project Manager/Instructional Designer 01/2011 to Current Company Name City , State

Manage projects/course development.

Design, develop, and update in-seat and online curriculum mnteriak, as well as military CBT course.
Conduct assessment and analysis to identify new development needs and recommends training methods accordingly.
Ensure design of deliverables address the instructional needs of the keamers.

Assure curriculum and delivery methods incorporate best practices in adult keaming theories.

Work with authors, publishers,and SMEs to develop in-seat, hybrid, and online course.

Design courses to comply with both organizational, military standards, 508 Compliance.

Work within design and development processes and standards.

Create storyboards and communicate design ideas.

Design and produce instructional multimedia .

Design and develop instructor lead activities and Capstone courses.

Write and edit storyboard scripts for video and leaming modules.

Developed learning objectives.

Facilitated content and quality assurance reviews.

Maintained in-depth and up-to-date knowledge of the related fields of developrrent.

Instructional Designer 10/2009 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

Designed, developed and updated a variety of course content kaming solutions for military training support for eLearning, Instructor-ked
training, virtual training sessions, and self-study programs.

Conducted assessment and analysis to identify new development needs and recommends training methods accordingly.

Ensured design of deliverables address the instructional needs of the learners.

Assured training solutions incorporate best practices in adult keaming theories.

Worked with content development mamgers, authors, and SMEs to develop nilltary training courses.
