SOLUTION DESIGNER
Career Overview
Solutions-oriented Consultant possessing a unique combination of skills, including Pre-Saks, Business Analysis, Project Management and
applications development experience in multiple top-tier ERP Systems.
Qualifications
© Technical Project Management
Cee Uc rece @acinesten
CRESS crept Lerranci onl
© Large-scale systems

CeO ona sileiesd

© Pre-Sales

* Solution Selling

© Business Process I mproverment

Accomplishments

Proven track record building, managing and leading multi-disciplinary teams across various domains and skill levels

Created a comprehensive business development strategy and change management program for a global ERP implerrentation
Project Manager, with over 4000 hours of experience, on various Information Management and Communication projects
Exceeded sales quota by 5% in assigned territories by providing Pre-Sales support to internal and external customers

Led the successfill fill life-cycle of multiple ERP impkeirentations as Lead Functional consultant

Cultivated cross-fimctional commumications through the creation of strategic relationships

Aug oanan at acs
Solution Designer 02/2014 to 02/2016 Company Name City , State

© Designed and delivered management value added consulting and strategic technology infrastructure solutions for the Air Transit Industry
market space

* Technical Project Manager for the implementation of over 300 CUSS (Common Use Self Service) Kiosks and supporting IT infrastructure
for a myjor discount airline at twenty-two airports valued at over SSM

© Technical Project Manager for the development of new technologies and platforms, such as PaaS and Saa8, to help solve technical

challenges or limitations in clients’ infrastructure

Developed workload based staffing standards to determine proper manning levels for proposed solutions

Created Professional Continuum for 500 employees assigned to the SITA Service Group (SGS)

Managed muttiple application development projects using Agile development methodology

© Developed strategic relationships with 3rd party providers

Fixed bugs as they were encountered.

Worked with product designers and product managers to design user interactions in applications. Installed and performed repairs to hardware,
software and peripheral equiprrent, following design and installation specifications. Conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve
problens and provide technical assistance and support. Established requirements for new systems and modifications. Analyzed network packet
informtion and computer OS system data to identify and characterize anomnlies on networks. Gathered and analyzed performance metric data.
Gathered and analyzed performance metric data. Analyzed and created new configuration for packaged software to meet business and system
requirements. Oversaw local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops. Performed second-level
support for all workstation and server class systems. Served as the technical lead for server infrastructure including development, QA, staging and
production systems. Worked with clients to analyze computing and network needs and installed appropriate solutions within each organization's
budget. Served as operating system expert, providing technical support for entire organization. Prepared technical architecture proposals for
enhancements and integration of existing third party software systems. Tested features across various browsers. d€aE<

Pre-Saks Consultant 10/2012 to 10/2013 Company Name City , State

* Worked directly with C-level managers to gather and understand business strategy and requirements

Defined project scope and deliverables to support project goals in collaboration with all stakeholders

Analyzed and documented requirements for enhancements to business processes

Defined detailed business requirements and finctional specifications using Agi methods

Partnered with impkmentation teams to ensure proper translation of business requirements into software changes
Provided pre-saks support for accounts ranging from$200K to $5M

Provided training to implementation teams, including the development of or- boarding material

Information Technology Specialist 05/2009 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

© Technical Support Chief Functional Consultant on the US Army's Goverment Fund Enterprise Business System (GFEBS) ERP
implementation duties included analyzing business requirements, carrying out fit-gap analysis, process design, and integration testing

© Project Manager for the US Amys Integrated Personnel and Pay System Anny (IPPS-A) ERP implerrentation Identifying resources that
included recruiting, on-boarding, training and developing required to support varied levels of program operations Worked directly with
Stakehoklers, SMEs and other key users to identify problem scope and escahte IT service outages Created statistical reports and
performed Root Cause Analysis (RCA) in areas of responsibility

¢ Performed end-to-end incident management with responsibility for time-critical User Service/ Infrastructure restoration, technical
troubleshooting within complex IT systems enviroment.

* Provided technical support for Information Management infrastructure throughout Afghanistan Managed multiple application development
