PRODUCTION DESIGNER

Summary

Specializing in Art Department I have had many different opportunities, as well as many different positions. I love working with a team and
collaborating, though I can work alone and am mppy to do wint is asked. I am not concemed with receiving a position of power, I listen to
instructions very intently. However ifthe situation called for it I can easily give instruction in a polite and respectfil manner. I amatso very skilled
with almost all power tools, safety laws, and ama skilled teacher ifthe occasion calls for it. Though I enjoy the work in art department I am
capable of fillng any position if need be. I am very passionate about Film and the entertainment industry and will always be willing to help in any
way I can.

bs hranianie
© Work well with others and under pressure. Quick leamer and yeams to excel. Keeps busy and takes
© initiative with things within my department. I ama great delegator when it comes to keading a team,
¢ however I amalso very good at following instructions and the chain of command. Sketching and hand
© drafling Proficient in MS Word & Powerpoint. Experienced in Photoshop, Affereflécts, Avid Media, and
© Googie Sketchup.

Accomplishments

Thave only been working in the industry for 3 years yet I already have 6 going on 7 projects listed on IMDB.
Tedited a screenplay, tumed 50 pages of Dialogue into 127 pages ofa well plotted Romance Comedy and fill length feature.

Thave brought many people together and helped to create work opportunities for the people I believe in and that I know will do the job well

schivor anes
Production Designer Jul 2014 to Aug 2014
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Referred outside hire ona short, 15 minute student film with The New York Film Academy.

« Adram about a man, his life, and the life he gave and provided for his three children, one of which is a young deaf boy who was living on
the streets until the main character takes him in; in turn leading to furily turmoil within his little furrily.

© Coordinated the art department needs based on scheduling, handled art department budget and set coordinator during the build.

Director of Photography Sep 2013 to Sep 2013
Company Name i City , State

* Aone-day photo shoot for a Non Profit organization called The Bird Room
* Found locations with natural lighting in Downtown Los Angeles for headshots, and artistic images for website, with dancers, actors, and our
lovely group of donators.

Set Decorator and Props assist "Small Heist" Mar 2013 to Mar 2013
Company Name i City , State
A teaser trailer and promotional short film involving 5 Women who steal millions worth in diamonds but get played for fools.

Dressed the set, helped with continuity, costuming, prop assist. , and also took over as art director when my production designer was called away.

Art Director Apr 2013 to Jum 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© My Nam is Vivienne An independent feature film, that took nearly 3 weeks to shoot; about a superficial actress trying to become famous,
and with no talent, and how she coms to terms with the reality of working to achieve a goal.

© Talso acted as prop master and set dresser, as it was a low budget film, also I played the part of production designer when my boss was
unabk to muke it.

Production Designer Distinguished Gentlemen Nov 2012 to Jan 2013
Company Name i City , State

© An Independent sitcom, a three-day shoot, with 7 child actors between the ages of 9 and 13.
