PROJECT DESIGNER
Summary

Teanr oriented and client-focused Civil Engineer with 16 years of experience who designs environmentally-conscious and cost-effective public
infrastructure solutions.

Dedicated [job title] with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated by [number] years of experience.

Highlights
* TeamPhyer ¢ Erosion and sedirentation control
© Organized/ Detai-oriented © Highway design
© Microstation/Geopak Design Software» Project management
* Corridor Modeling Design Software © MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Caco Or NP L@n yi K)D)
erst Z@ erie]

Accomplishments
eRe Kae EOLEN

© Produced drawings and maintained, archived and retrieved CAD files and drawing documents for the completion of four commercial
projects.

© Presentations

© Created presentation materials for sales, customer relations and management purposes. C ADD Training

ON ee Re RED ReCRO RKe La

OP RR SUe CRE Oa RR RCO KL eRe UE SRE LO

schivor anes
Project Designer 10/2001 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

* Roadway and highway design including new alignments, reconstruction, widening, rehabilitation and retro-fit projects for state agencies such
as KDOT, MoDOT and local municipalities in the Kansas City Metro area.

© Myresponsibilities include developing typical sections, setting horizontal and vertical alignments, creating cross sections, setting right-of-way
and temporary easerents, traffic control plan, erosion control plan, addressing drainage issues, calculating quantities, preparing engincer’s
estinnte, attending public meetings, QCQA and preparing project specifications.

Advised the project manager regarding construction material costs and quantity calculations.
Aided other departments in the development of plans and cost estimates on road, parking lot and drainage projects.

Iplemented complex design software and drawing tools to plan and design transportation systers.Created detailed public reports regarding bid
foie necsl Helos enlMo CER ican ste tce

Oversaw technical engineering staff to guarantee the successfill completion of the project.

Prepared standard engineering computations and designs.

Produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.

Operated computer-assisted engineering and design software to complete engineering tasks by deadline on an ad hoc basis.
Project Designer Engineers & Architects 09/1997 to 10/2001 Company Narre City , State

® Roadway and highway design including new alignments, reconstruction, widening, and rehabilitation projects for state agencies such as
KDOT, NDOR and for the City of Salina, Kansas.

My responsibilities included developing typical sections, setting horizontal and vertical alignments, setting right-of-way and temporary
easements, traffic control plan, erosion contro! plan, storm sewer design, calculating quantities and the construction observation on a triple
10'x8' RCB for the Kansas Department of Transportation.

Tested soil to determine the adequacy and strength of concrete, asphalt and steel foundations. Advised the project manager regarding
construction material costs and quantity calculations. Implemented complex design software and drawing took to plan and design
transportation and hydraulic systems. Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.Oversaw technical engineering staff
to guarantee the successful completion of the project.

Sumner Intern 05/1996 to 08/1996 Company Nane City , State

© Performed construction observation on U.S.
* 166 from Arkansas City to Sedan, KS and K-360 which bypassed Winfield, KS to the South.

Tested soil to determine the adequacy and strength of concrete, asphalt and steel foundations.Created detailed technical drawings of structural
