OSP ENGINEERING DESIGNER

schivor anes

OSP Engineering Designer , 12/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Completed field notes for outside plant telecommunication buried and aerial using a distance measuring instrument and measuring wheel,
height stick, OCak stick, OCale photos and rangefinder equipment.

© Created outside plant land base layouts and design fiber projects from field notes to construction drawings in cad software.

* Created make ready pole blocks that conformed to National Electrical Safety Code Standards.

© Worked remotely in BSTCAD, MicroStation and AutoCad.

© Collborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects.

SU CECB e0C)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Played key role in designing fber projects in Connect America Fund Deployment (CAF) that resulted in meeting deadlines with quality.

© Created field notes utilizing field equipment.

CREO erat Kant cernsibecentuciuun imi cicaly Laceci eet

© Prepared plans and layouts for equipment replacements and new system arrangements showing detailed space allocation on Windstream
evans

SU ROHN Cs
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Traveled with a subject matter experts in Outside Plant Engineering to be trained as a knowledgeable fielder.

Coordinated logistics for field work in different city to maintain scheduled deadlines to the customer.

Assisted outside plant engineers in the fied to obtain measurements utilizing fickl equipment and create field notes for draffers.

Assisted outside plant engineer in FTTT, RT and Cell Sites, and rehabbed copper for Windstream utilizing RUS Engineering Methods and
Procedures and Codes throughout the southeast area.

Kept field notes organized in work order packets, scanned and distributed them to drafters.

Followed up on progress of completion with drafters to provide estimated compktion dates to upper management.

Politely assisted the Project manager's clients in person and via telephone.

Completed detailed construction drawings consisting of the land base, utilizing existing conduit, hand holes, manholes, buried and aerial
designs in MicroStation or AutoCad depending on the client's software needs.

Merchant Account Representative , 02/2008 to 06/2010
Company Name

Approached prospective clients through cold calling and emuils to meet sales targets.

Used targeted questioning strategies to discover insight on prospect needs and requirements.

Contacted customers as soon as issues arose to immediately find resolution before probkm escahted.

Presented new and additional products and services to new and existing customers.

Collaborated with team to define business requirements for organizational processes, achieve productivity standards and adhere to accuracy
Ernie icin

Keyed customer details, including contact information and payment data into system, carefillly observing all corporate procedures related to
oolnceen tal

Negotiated contracts and handled paperwork such as invoices and orders.

Operated with high integrity, built trust, and earned sustained credibility with internal and external clientele.

Ensured customer service was to merchant account hokler’s satisfaction,

Worked to build my client portfolio to maximize monthly residuals and bonuses.

Work History
OSP Engineering Designer , 12/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Completed field notes for outside plant telecommunication buried and aerial using a distance measuring instrument and measuring wheel,
height stick, OCak stick, OCale photos and rangefinder equipment.

© Created outside plant land base layouts and design fiber projects from field notes to construction drawings in cad software.

© Created make ready pole blocks that conformed to National Electrical Safety Code Standards.

© Worked remotely in BSTCAD, MicroStation and AutoCad.

© Colkborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects.

SU CECB e0C)

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Played key roke in designing fber projects in Connect America Fund Deployment (CAF) that resulted in meeting deadlines with quality.
© Created field notes utilizing field equipment.
