GRAPHIC DESIGNER

Summary

CRU ane Ol LoS R eu Ce SUCRE TACK Si Ecr eat Comins bcka ile alee uel mined etl cuce nee tN
computer tasks and data analysis as well as business management.

Highlights

General Chemistry and Organic Basic HTML coding, Microsoft Office, 3D Chemistry Laboratories including synthesis, animation, database
analysis. purification, and extraction. Inventory management and sales/profit IR spectroscopy as well as analyzing NMR analysis using SQL
server and various POS and Mass Spec. data. software. Graphic designing using Photoshop and Illustrator.

schivor anes

Graphic Designer

August 2009 to March 2013 Company Name - City, State

© Incharge of advertising and designing and publishing Point of Sale materials.

General Manager
August 2009 to August 2011 Company Name - City, State

© Installing POS systems, computer networking, fuel inventory management, and Payroll management.

General Manager
March 2006 to October 2014 Company Name - City, State

See ONMaSaLceNinug NL neal ana
¢ Accomplishments A: Eight year in business management in which I managed to lower the cost of good and increase sakes and profit.
* Incharge of Sales operations such as ordering, inventory, and customer service.

brairestbeny

Chemistry , 2015 El Camino College - City , State GPA: Recipient of Edison Intemational Green Job Scholarship. A: Member of the El Camino
Src Vor cetva aie WM Ualrontemsnurce ems onme Neiacns peu acacia anged sonra bcs teste cn
PMO cind Conor eyd seo meer kencc Racers At we Cn cemn dines Len ne @ rec nce Newny cn noxn dlc
MESA, Mathemntics, Engineering, Science Achievement Program A- Recipient of Honor Transfer Student award.

Mokcular, Cellular, and Developrrental Biology , 2017 University Of California Los Angeks - City, State, USA

Skills

3D, Photoshop, advertising, animation, business management, Chemistry, computer networking, customer service, database analysis, designing,
Graphic, Basic HTML, Illustrator, Inventory management, inventory, materials, Microsoft Office, NMR, Payroll, POS, profit, coding, Saks,
Re vee iinumn lO) Oona
