TECHNICAL DESIGNER

Career Overview

a—A Having 8.5 years of IT experience as Software developer in Java/J2EE Technologies
a—A At present Technical Designer at Tata Consultancy Services

Fee Cru ctce Mer cea PD eres Ot eet OT Ua CCUG eet Te ee MO (No nae Soe CIT OMN) Wc WESTtGT Mer RNC St iow CO) ER
XML, PLSQL

a—A Sun Certified Java Programmer 1.6

a—A A Solid experience on Agile developrent

a—A A Thorough understanding of Object Oriented Methodology and Design Patterns.

a—A A Proficiency in developing web based applications using Java/J2EE

a—A A Knowledge in working with WebServices.

Fee WS reo OPT OU eter TB EMA ecesrey te)

a—A A Looking ahead for great career in a fair working environment with opportunities to grow.
Qualifications

Designing, Coding and Unit Testing, Coding : Spring 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, JPA, Struts, Core Java, JSP, EJB, XML, PLSQL *Tooks: Eclipse 4,
Confluence UML, Git, Rally

Aug oanan at acs

Blccn el eBeciuLad

February 2011 to Current Company Name iA City , State

Software Engineer

January 2010 to January 2011 Company Name i City

© FXO (FedEx Office) Client : FedEx Environment : Java 6.0, Web Services, Hibernate, EJB, XML.

© Team Size : 25 Tools : Subversion, Eclipse Database : MySQL Server Servers : JBOSS Description: The FedEx office project is a
currently built upon the printing and shipping services of the logistics segment.

© This application mainly focused of the printing the different kind of printing services for the end customers like Print and send the documents

with binging, folding, etc.

And affer the print done for the each document provided FXO als provides the flexibility to the user the ship the document and track it.

Roks and Responsbilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process for enhancerrent features.

Involved in the developing the Struts code.

Involved in Requirement gathering,

Used PMD and Findbugs took.

Bug Fixing,

Bs iias Cecrtinres

Software Engineer
October 2006 to January 2010 Company Name 1 City

* Java 6.0, Hibernate, Struts, UML, Niagara AX, XML Team Size : 20 Tools : Subversion, Rhapsody, Eclipse, UDS Database : SQL
express Description: The iCon3 tool is an integrated tool set spanning initial system estimate and quotation, through system engineering,
Coo Lom eur umn cace eco MCTROOniUiC Le Meese ccLenieceechaar com Marta omarem sighed oem

In addition the 1Con3 too! will interface to HBS's other business systems such as purchasing and project management.

Miva URN d cee QoCE OVER OR CoP nies acne Mele cee R oR ccuimer Uri Omaluin coment tcc onintecaayeci@ bl tietsd
Bitiehsbeemacs aes

© Labor hours are reduced by applying automation on various levels of the object model, which reduces the overall complexity especially in
loeb eeu mein ue MaruivcarnUrtye Reels ECCS Oa Us Hb tece

The vision of the iCon3 tool is to focus on system configuration and minimize the need to engineer control applications.

This will be accomplished by providing various configurable models, which covers almost any kind of application.

The final goal of the iCon3 tool is to analyze the drawings provided during the estimation phase.

The tool will suggest solutions, provide optimized cost calculation and generate bid specification.

During the engineering phase, the solutions can be reused and configured according to customer specification.

ONS SSHe sR Meum iliac uenanun erence lel

During the commissioning phase, new innovative technology, based on the Tridium AX platform, will reduce labor and travel costs.

Roks and Responsbilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process.

Involved in Requirement gathering,

Involved in weekly Track meetings & MR Involved in developing prototypes Involved in integration of Axis with JBOSS and coding Unit
BKootiem

© Secondary CM Focal for the project.

Rolf

© Environment : Spring, Java 6.0, EJB, XML, PLSQL Team Size : 20 Tools : Git, Eclipse, Rally, UML, Confluence Database : Oracle Ii
Servers : Weblogic 10 Description: SEI (NASDAQ: SEIC) is a leading global provider ofassct management, investment processing, and
investment operations solutions for institutional and personal wealth managerent.

SUP nig eee net e EU CO RM UGS ALOR RU LOMB RLCOKe Pri Danan atau obipepieatscem ics ilem
Roks and Responsbilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process for enhancerrent features.
