SENIOR PRODUCT DESIGNER

Professional Summary

As a proven, experienced product designer 1 am involved in every phase of product design cycles from initial concept to post-production.
Ee Ad ROAR Re LR SAL S RC eM LOR REALL ALI OD ALLL eEERM e RR BORAT RRL E
dependable leader having solid, practical experience with an eye to the future and functional marketability.

als

CaP rer ND Sucre : Siri iran aama
PROM remem iii ecaitg ae ne vee En On
PMG un ag iene reigned . nile
aie naling ; * Catalogue and Brochure Layout and Design
* Works well in diverse team environment © Microsoft Office proficient
: Reniaiecied mak © Creative concept development
sah en aTnaED A . * Website Development
© Injection molded plastic mass-manufacturing techniques ars een eran
ca]

Work History
Senior Product Designer April 1984 to Current
Company Name - City , State

Conceived, developed and specified product components for new product development.

Worked with product planners and industrial designers to conceptualize and refine product concepts.
Developed and tested models of altemate designs and processing methods to assess cost and manufacturing feasibility.
Created solid model component and assembly files for virtual representation of designs.

Ordered rapid prototypes and supervised testing and ongoing development and performance of design.
Supported product designs through test analysis and simulation.

Coordinated project tooling release of injection molded components.

Evaluated pre-production mold shot samples and refined for improved assembly and performance.
(eon hha toeccronmr cote ce Ws UU ee Rosia tin Wetter Reece

Developed intemal processes and plans for mechanical verification, product development and factory processes.
Recommended design modifications to eliminate machine and system malfunctions.

Created detailed engineering drawings, technical drawings, schematics and computer-generated reports for new product developmant.
PMCric rag neues tres euet ean neice

Pe ai eeRernuyos eg reece Lc

Reviewed patent applications for technical accuracy.

Created exploded view product drawings of owner manuals and compliance publications.

Drawingand design checking, including tolerance studies and moldability.

Promoted and implemented process improvements company-wide.

Interviewed and trained new engineering personnel

Price e elmo Thiue RM eee Pare by
Company Name - City , State

* Detailed shop drawings of bridge expansion systems.

© Made templates from engineering drawings for shop usage.

© Check drawings and shop fabrication for conformity to engineering specifications.
* Layout steel for shop fabrication.

© Cakuhte shipping weights and create bills-of ding.

Education

Willamsport Area Community College 1979 City , State
Associate of Arts : Advertising Art GPA: Dean's List GPA: 3.2 Minors

Lorre fied

PRES ea Psi}

Le Parsi sta
OOS on denim ta)
Advanced Algebra
Geometry
Trigonometry
Statistics
besNCeT Ts

Jersey Shore Area Senior High School 1977 City , State
eC alay
