DIGITAL MEDIA SALES CONSULTANT
Summary

Dedicated and highly seasoned advertising employee with over 19 years of inside and outside newspaper sakes experience in both the print and
digital realms. My goal is to be an asset to The Augusta Chronicle and to utilize my abilities and experience to firther my personal growth.

BS ania}
* Excellent commumication skills
© Detail oriented
© Excelient organizational skills
PaeGeiee)lvaiice nel
Ce eateweciieme nine
© Solution focused

* New Business Development
© Cold Callng
© Skilled at understanding customers’ needs and building campaigns focused on those needs

Accomplishments

Circle of Excellence, 2010 - The Augusta Chronicle

Advertising Salesperson of the Month, September 2010 - The Augusta Chronick
Advertising Salesperson of the Month, January 2005 - The Savannah Moming News
Enployce of the Month, March 2003- The Savannah Moming News

Advertising Employee of First Quarter 2000- The Fayetteville Observer

schivor anes
Digital Media Sales Consultant Mar 2012 to Current
Company Name i City , State

¢ Responsible for working alongside all advertising personnel to grow digital sales and serve as a source of reference for all members of the
Breen icici m

* Work with advertising sales representatives to build proposals for businesses and present solutions to companies for advertising needs.

© Prepare and analyze needs analysis to build customized proposals.

© Overcome customer objections.

* Run, analyze, and exphin advertising reports.

Recruitment Advertising Representative Jan 2011 to Feb 2012

Company Name i City , State

* Service assigned and unassigned transient and monthly recruitrent cals.
© Focus on the up-selling of monster.com products and Top Jobs.

© Utilize Ranger Data to complete callbacks.

* Sell accounts into job fairs.

© Establish new monthly recruitment accounts and contracts.

© Handle incoming Online Ads.

* Promote special pages and sections.

© Quote current recruitment and national rates.

Automotive Multi-media Account Executive Jan 2007 to Jan 2011
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Service assigned and unassigned transient and monthly automotive dealers.

© Focus on building new ad campaigns and up-sell online products to direct traffic to the custorrers’ lot.
© Pull monthly reports and handle monthly projections.

© Quote current automotive rates.

Recruitment Advertising Representative Jan 2005 to Jan 2007
Company Name i City , State

¢ Service assigned and unassigned transient and monthly recruitrent cals.

© Focus on the up-selling of career buikler.com and Top Jobs.

© Utilize Ranger Data to complete callbacks.

© Sell accounts into Fall & Spring Job Fairs.

© Establish new monthly recruitment accounts and contracts.

* Handk all incoming Chasified Plus Ads, Place Ads and Ad Order Entry Ads and distribute them to recruitment and private party team
