DIGITAL ADVERTISING CONSULTANT
schivor anes

Digital Advertismg Consultant , 07/2013 to 12/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Responsible for negotiation and execution of programmatic and direct buys and handle the day- to-day campaign operations across multiple
DSPs and other partners.

Responsible for accessing company's digital strategy and recommend tactics to achieve platform efficiencies and brand awareness.
Develop performance KPI Expectations for company's strategic objectives.

outa PVE Onis Ome aetouMa he recat bust nerencc@ncrentne cacti) om

Promoted and demonstrated the value of Search Engine Marketing (PPC), Display Advertising, Social Media, Mobile Advertising, and
es ace) Ue R ORG LeC carne iciecccA WIM bemeyesitizs1Uet Bice Len ieieam

Analyzed and impkmented various digital marketing tools to develop well-rounded strategy for the organization.

Maintained all ad campaigns and ensured appropriate reports and delivery rates.

Worked with web development team to implement tracking pixeb.

RPP See coam om becrel etek Coreerce ang Dogs ament ence

Saks Engineer , 03/2008 to 04/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Provided pre-sales technical assistance and on-line product education of SaaS ad serving management software AdJuggler.

© Created and presented training courses on relevant and proper ad operations workflow for 80+ publisher and marketer clients in the B2B
and B2C business.

© Impknented direct, programmatic, and remnant campaigns using several DSPs, created QA processes, and solved delivery and
discrepancy issues.

© Impkmented Ist and 3rd party creative assets for campaign including: static images, JavaScript tags, HTML tags, Flash fis, Videos, Text
Stilts B Deena B Cats

¢ Supported ad fulfillment operations including daily reporting, media plan maintenance, contract management, client support, and client media
plan inpknentation.

* Prepared technical presentations to effectively communicated AdJuggler’s value proposition within a highly competitive ad serving platforms
Parle ms

CEQ oimicttneneu Me Gaba Lode cantina PCa ceuice LOO icleadll emo ne alent Amst e

workflow.

Evaluated, tested and integrated vendor partners for data targeting, verification, and maintenance.

Each vendor was evaluated on features, service, price, and other metrics to determine integration suitability with AdJuggler Ad Server

better

© Worked with 3rd party rich media and video platforms (Vindico, MediaMind, Pointroll, Eye Wonder, Brightcove) regarding tracking

Feel HPUICETEC Rts) CEPCLcT Lee

In addition to maintaining vendor relationships to facilitate efficient integration of 3rd party media assets with AdJuggler Ad Server.

Provided on-going training and support for members of the sales team, including client on- boarding, Request For Proposal and Insertion

Ollon

Provided customer training and implementation assistance on online ad serving and managerrent software.

Worked with clients to define campaign requirements, including KPI and performance benchmarks to ensure satisfactory ROI.

Maintained product road maps and feature specifications in addition to mamging product releases timelines of major product builds and

custom development requests.

© Drive operational efficiency through the design, creation, and maintenance ofan extensive technical documentation and reference material

regarding AdJuggler Ad Server platformas well as ad operations processes.

Produced In-pltform contextual instructional video moduks for the AdJuggler Ad Server platform

Solicited and incorporate feedback from Beta User and Clients of the Ad Server Platform to improve workflow with the UI/UX design of

ern (a gia e

Client Data Analyst , 06/2007 to 03/2008
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Provided on-line customer support for keading software's, RoboForm Pro, RoboForm2Go and Goodsyne, through web based customer
support application.

* Assisted Customers with downloading, activation, and technical issues via telephone.

© Handled organization computerized shipping and receiving of goods.

© Performed verification of on-line purchase, authentication of credit card as well as other payment methods.

brairestbeny

Bachelors of Science : Computer Science Eastem Shore , May 2007

LO renainzea\yiny stil

Computer Science Eastern Shore

Summary

7+ years of experience in strategic planning, programmntic advertising, campaign managerrent, performance optimization, and inventory
