DIRECTOR

Professional Summary
Skills
CRO note Ce
Ca etane
© PPC © Data amalysis
Ce Bruin sy (cera stiiiiey © Designing
CBs) td Ce BN)
Ccereenl Bbtectecd « Direction
* Comscore ae cara
¢ SimkrWeb Ce wise
© Kenshoo ¢ Features
CWUSB oho ie te ta ¢ Financial
Cr asela i atisatesd « French
Orc uel tu lees * Innovation
CP oes yee Cet a eSB CHIC)
¢ Agi, Quality « Leadership
© Agency, Quality control Ca otacehed
Crate inecam eae Uiied Colne
Cae Srtrehemn) cg Cae oelaw garnenecd
© Budget, Bilmgual © Meetings
¢ BI, Spanish CBW SB sical
© Capital Markets, Strategy * Modeling
Cao
Came tiecatceny
Work History
Director , 07/2017 to 05/2021
Company Name

With over 12 years’ experience in performance marketing (PPC), Search Engine Marketing, Social, Local and Programmatic media.
The experience I gained in portfolio management reflects in obtaining the best results for my custorrers, allocating their investments
accordingly for better retums in the digital marketing world.

T enjoy working in fast-paced environments and find that the dynamism in digital marketing fulfills that compketely., Vendor for Microsoft
SD rurelP ate actss em

Part ofa global team of 8 people all remote.

Built audience clusters based on behavioral targeting for Brazilian, Mexican, Canadian, and US markets.

Utilized data analysis tools to optimize performance and improve CTRs.

yoda rancn bai Si cel buon eron haar omni aclbe Burbe Remco bu niLenccee ne Rycitel

Assisted in quality contro! for other team members.

Digital Media Solutions Executive Director , 01/2016 to 07/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Led a team of 8 specialists in search, social, mobik, display, programmntic and local ads bringing innovation and new digital opportunities to
Binks, focusing on Branding and Performance.

Responsible for growing media spend across all channek.

During this period media spend grew over 100% (+300).

Established procedures and best practices for Digital media planning and execution ensuring efficiency in all stages of the customers’ journey.
OclcenCersliicrecni pes sin cmlyoclB UD al yee Caine

Provided strategic insight across many digital channels to the account teams.

Impkmented auditing and technical evaluations to improve quality in campaign execution and optimization.

Created and delivered training to new hires and weekly training for company employees covering all areas of digital media.

Built and maintained strong partnerships with media channels providing opportunities to impkerrent betas, first-to-market cases and assist in
developing new products.

Assisted Sales team with data and cases when elaborating presentations for RFPs.

Provided insights to BI and DevOps for the development of in-house dashboards and media management tool

Invited to test the beta for the Facebook Blueprint Certification.

Coordinated Digital Days for clients.

Member and partner of senior executive leadership and actively participated in designing the path and direction of the company.

Awarded Bing Agency of the Year award (September 2017).

Account Director , 01/2014 to 12/2015

Managed portfolio of largest clients at Blinks including global accounts (+R$6mmymonth) Led a team of 8 analysts that provided media
strategy and activation of branding and performance campaigns.
