SR. LEAVE OF ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

HR Coordinator who bringsA._ 10 years developing efficient payroll and benefits processes within corporate human resources settings. Adept at
keaming new industry laws and standards, as well as incorporating relevant best practices into new planning and coordination.

als

© Benefits and payroll coordination

© Superb interpersonal skills © Staffrecruiting and retention
CeBontaeranatl Carb
© Background checks Cae gbanaueorulcse
© Time mangerent « HRIS Lawson
Cae Ds caan cid
Work History

Sr. Leave of Administrative Specialist 06/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Extensive knowledge of Section 125 cafeteria plans, FMLA, COBRA, ERISA and HIPAA reguhtions.
Responsible to analyze and coordinate FMLA, STD, LTD, Military, Personal Leaves and Worker's Compensation.
Makes determinations and takes appropriate actions(s) based on state and federal regulations.

Supervise Benefits administration team

ADA administration and compliance.

Coordinate with employees, managers, HR Partners, and TPA's, to resolve compkx kave of absence questions.
Train managerent on proper eave of absence procedures.

Review and document the Leave of Absence process for all locations.

Represent organization at personneL-related hearings and investigations.

Works closely with Safety Manager and Employee Relations Managers to implerrent preventative measures to reduce WC chims.
Ako acts as laison between team and risk management in communicating changes/developrents with TPA's.
Prepares reports and statistics for lost time and absence trends.

Hun Resources Specialist 11/2012 to 06/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CMA rrvekon se nurrenaiasiLedcenceinebnyectist once

Facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires.

* Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor managerrent, disability programs and health
benefits.

Acted as linison between employees and insurance carriers to resolve problems and chrify benefits.

Shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position.

© Handkd understafling, disputes, terminating employees and administering disciplinary procedures.

Benefits Administrator 05/2012 to 112012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for directing and planning the day-to-day operations of group benefit programs (group health, dental, vision, long-term
disability, worker's compensation, life insurance, suppkerental insurances, Health Savings Plan, 401(k) plan and retirerrent plan).

© Investigated new benefit programs, improve existing programs, supervise and monitor benefit administration.

© Ensured that all invoices from Vendors are prepared and submitted accurately to Accounting,

* Coordinated annual open enroliment.

Leave of Absence Consultant 02/2012 to 05/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Coordinated the administration of disability and leave programs.

© Advised employees on eligbility, provisions, and other matters related to disability and leave programs.

© Consulted with and advise employees, managers and occasionally HR Managers on elighility, provisions, and other matters related to
disability and leave.

© Assisted in the preparation and maintenance of employee kave communications.

© Recommended new and/or improved benefit plan processes and/or cost-saving measures.

Senior Benefits Analyst 05/2011 to 112011
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Provided innovative solutions that evolve our benefit offering and strategy Delivered annual financial and plan reporting inclusive of return on
investment (ROD, metrics and measures, demographic and plan analytics Analyzed, evaluate and present proposed business initiatives
Eire clc

© Develop recommendations or solutions that support the business Translated customer needs into effective, valuable solutions and
communicate solutions to the business.
