MEDIA ADMINISTRATOR
Professional Summary

Articulate Executive Assistant driven to succeed and bring value to any task. Strategic planning and client relationship management expert. Creative
professional with extensive project experience from concept to development. Talents include customer service, excellent listening skills and
communication skils.

Core Qualifications
Proficiency in

Word, Excel, Power Point, Lotus Notes/Outlook; Concur and Ariba - Internet * Excel in leading teams and working independently

© Proactive and Results-oriented

Dedicated leader with a collaborative approach and result-driven focus « Recognized for eliminating errors and inconsistencies

schivor anes
Gon Neel er come RO k@ueicnaly celaPacriilcinleg
lena El CG

© Review client accounts; manage budgets and monthly invoices.

© Request and process credits; communicate successfilly with negotiators.

© Monitor multiple databases to keep track of discrepancies: clear ina timely manner; follow client guidelines.
© Successfillly led key projects which resulted in compketion before deadline.

Company Name January 2013 to September 2014 Customer Liaison Level 1 Departrent of Ophthalmology
lena El CG

¢ Answer inbound calls from patients and providers demonstrating Montefiore Excellence; schedule medical and diagnostic testing
POUR CCM SUS LANmCLCTCn

* Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related goals; excelled in quality scores.

CM Dives cesnole@icia cee roe cnn ennelcauea Ronco emeetarl bla laiice

© Manage multiple projects, competent in contlict resolution.

« Adhere to strict HIPAA compliance.

Company Name August 2012 to Noverrber 2012 Executive Assistant

lena El CG

© Provided assistance for Director of Medical House Calls Program preparing for Joint Commission Review; compilation of data and
Pretec
* Successfillly led special projects; reviewed patient satisfaction surveys, files and assisted administrative staff to meet deadlines.

Company Name April 2012 to Jume 2012 Executive Assistant
lena El CG

© Provided organizational support for Provost and administrative staf— Assigned to create spreadsheets for special projects, organized budget
allocations for reconciling, reviewed student appeals and status.

* Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial docurents for analysis.

© Responded to student requests and directed to appropriate persons, departments and resources.

Company Name October 2010 to Noverrber 2011 Licensed Health Insurance Agent Customer Care Specialist
lena El CG

© Received inbound calls for Humana Health Insurance Medicare Part C & D members.

© Identified billng and chims issues related to drug copay, deductibles, premiums and drug coverage; performed Rx calculations. Advised
members of their out of pocket costs in coverage gaps.

© Adhered to HIPAA reguhtions, performed pln changes and enrollments for Medicare Advantage members during Annual Enrollment
Wael

© Retrieved and updated customer informtion within various company databases; responded to member inquiries; resolved and/or
reprocessed.

Company Name May 2006 to January 2010 Administrative Assistant
lena El CG

¢ Provided exceptional administrative support to C level executives including managing director, director and vice president in investment
banking consumer foods department. Recommended whik a contract employee by vice chairman to provide administrative support for
