DIGITAL MEDIA BUYER
Professional Summary

Versatike digital marketerA bringing
enn

Pay Per Click (PPC)

Grete ep aneinnencey

Cru eited

(ional orca

Social Media Marketing - Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram
ROI Reports

MS Office - Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Outlook
ZOE aeneicon ens

Lead Generation

AY ll ay bhacatiee

Video Marketing

schivor anes

Cr ee}

Company Name City , State Digital Media Buyer 03/2016 to Current

SproutSocial
Hootsuite

Marin Software
Dmpal

WordPress

Sune

Optimiely

Landing Page Management
FSM Cosui
Muttivariate Testing
LOM etre
Blogging

© Oversees and co-manages PPC campaigns across multiple search engine platforms for three beauty school directory websites.

strategies for beauty school directory websites.

Creates, implements, and manages all organic social profiles and paid social campaigns (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.)

Organizes and creates monthly blog and photo content for social profiles and blog site.

* Partners with Creative Director to create original content and to promote new brand across social platforms.

social account.

Company Name City , State Digital Media Buyer 11/2014 to 03/2016

Successfilly increased brand awareness on Instagram and increased follower growth by over 400% within the first month of managing

Attends online and local marketing seminars to actively keep up with industry changes and trends.

* Managed over 10 different education clients’ paid social media and paid search accounts across multiple platforms.

Company Name City , State Sales Associate 06/2014 to 10/2015

Effectively budgeted and managed over $500,000 per month in client money to implement throughout search and social campaigns.
Consistently hit client lead goals and CPI goals each month with each client's given budget.

Created and delivered paid social and paid search strategy performance reports for clients and senior management.

Communicated directly with client services team and clients regarding account management and performance.

© Created and managed social media accounts across multiple platforms.
© Helped increase brand awareness and advertised product promotions to current customers.

Education

Bachelor of Arts : Communication Business University of Missouri , City , State Communication Business

alg

account management, photo, budget, content, CPI, Creative Director, client, clients, Drupal, senior management, HTML, Intemmet Marketing,
mmunaging, marketing, Excel, money, MSOffice, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Page, seminars, strategy, websites, Content Writing
