MONITOR TECH

Summary

Knowledge of modern office methods and procedures, filmg, telephone techniques, and office equipment. Ability to speak clearly and concisely.
Ability to perform duties with speed and accuracy without immediate and constant supervision. Ability to use good judgment in recognizing scope
of authority. Ability to learn, interpret and apply office practices and procedures. Ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with
co-workers and the general public. Ability to perform duties under critical deadlines

Accomplishments

© Quick lamer

© Reports generation and analysis
PE Gw ri leicmeerece’

¢ Microsoft Office

schivor anes

Company Name January 2014 to Current Monitor Tech

lena El CG

Docurent or otherwise report observations of patient behavior, comphints or physical symptoms to nurses.

Ovni eNe UCL MAL eon pcos nom KE scl Be ee cud
lena El CG

Answer telephones and direct calls to appropriate staf.

Operate office equipment, such as voice nnil messaging systems, and use word processing, spreadsheet, or other software applications to
prepare reports, invoices, financial statements, letters, case histories, or medical records.

Schedule and confirm patient diagnostic appointents, surgeries, or medical consultations.

Receive and route messages or documents, such as boratory results, to appropriate stafi

Prepare correspondence or assist physicians or medical scientists with preparation of reports, speeches, articles, or conference
iseaeshncy

Retrieve patient medical records for physicians, technicians, or other medical personnel.

Release information to persons or agencies according to regulations.

Process patient admission or discharge documents.

Assign the patient to diagnosis-related groups (DRGs), using appropriate computer software.

Transcribe medical reports.

Company Name May 1999 to March 2008 P.B.X. Operator
lena El CG

© Operate telephone switchboards and systems to advance and complete connections, including those for local, long distance, pay telephone,
mobik, person-to-person, and emergency calls.

Answer incoming calls, greeting callers, providing information, transferring calls or taking messages as necessary.

Page individuals to inform them of telephone calls, using paging or interoffice communication equipment.

Monitor alarm systems to ensure that secure conditions are maintained.

Contact security staff members when necessary, using radio-telephones.

Offer special assistance to persons such as those who are unabke to dial or who are in emergency situations.

Interrupt busy lines if'an emergency warrants.

Route emergency calls appropriately.

Company Name January 2006 to February 2007 Warehouse Supervisor
lena El CG

© Keep records of employees’ attendance and hours worked.

© Confer with other supervisors to coordinate operations and activities within or between departments.

© Direct and coordinate the activities of employees engaged in the production or processing of goods, such as inspectors, machine setters, and
fabricators.

Company Name January 2004 to Decerrber 2005 Warehouse Shipping and Receiving
lena El CG

CRA Gidbe cons Na siueerem euch yi

© Obtain customers’ names, addresses, and billing information, product numbers, and specifications of ites to be purchased, and enter this
siefevereat eo Reni eenc(cms (Oath

Ursilem MeL ecom sis uke oenirercmine keen lacs

Receive and respond to customer comphints.

Verify customer and order information for correctness, checking it against previously obtained information as necessary.

Collect payment for merchandise, record transactions, and send items such as checks or money orders for firther processing.
