CONTRACT SENIOR ASSOCIATE MEDIA PLANNER AT SAPIENTNITRO
Trp csta

To obtain a mid-level leadership position in media that will utilize my strong analytical, negotiation and creative- thinking skils.
Experience

Contract Senior Associate Media Planner at SapientNitro 07/2014 - Current Company Nanx City , State

Clients: KPMG, Citizens Bank, The Institutes, Moven A

¢ Involved inall aspects media planning and buying process, from client briefing to post buy reporting Provide POVs for new vendors and
opportunities Compik RFPs for potential partners and negotiate media costs.

© Secure media placenents and issue approved vendors IOs Create strategic and tactical media recommendations with traditional and online
components Analyze campaign reporting and provide clients with optimizations Assist media finance team in vendor payment and client
billing Lead status updates calls with clients, present media recommendations and POVs.

Freelance Saks Planner 04/2014 - 05/2014 Company Name City , State

© Served as primary POC for Major Projects brought in by Ad Saks Team

PE Oicleh icc ene a Mod ce omncM ica a meee booties wa Re) cm teciey

¢ Coordinated with multiple departments within the Ziff Davis Organization; ensuring programs have all necessary requirements to launch
incase Railowi an

Managed client and agency expectations, creative approvak, project timelines, and asset allotrrent for Ziff Davis programs and projects.
Managed the expectations of Ad Sales, Operations, Sales Developnent, Tech, Finance, and Editorial, to guarantee internal protocols and
workflows are met with each program

Worked with Editorial staffto coordinate Ad Sales and Editorial Programs.

¢ Brainstormed with Marketing team to create innovative ideas for the Ziff Davis organization and prospective advertisers,

ee

Freelance Associate Media Planner, Digital 01/2014 - 02/2014 Company Name City, State
Clients: WEty, Sundance TV, FUSE, Nuvo TV, 20th Century TV A

RFPed potential vendors for upcoming campaigns.

Reviewed vendor proposals, negotiated plan, and assisted with putting together campaign recommendations for clients.
Created and updated buy sheets for client approval.

Entered all media buys into Strata, and sent/received signed IOs from vendors.

Coordinated digital production of custom assets with vendor, client, and creative agencies.

Created t-sheets for Ad Ops team, and send out tags to approved vendors.

Met with potential new partners to eam about capabilities and ad opportunities,

Provided campaign reporting for currently running campaigns, and in-depth post reporting using Dart DFA and Excel.

Studio Manager 08/2013 - 01/2014 Company Name City, State

© Opened job numbers and created estimates for new jobs.

¢ Scheduled and attended all pre-shoot meetings, noting any changes or requests.

© Set up and broke down shoots for visiting client, assisting with any needs during the day.

Revised and sent out estimates and payments to vendors and clients.

Pca ct Bees Easy as ee ETC AE TCE eoUC le Lams eto s eS OMe NE Tas TCM Na MNcorcineCmmnne eying sem cae oem

Digital Saks Planner 07/2013 - 08/2013 Company Name City, State

¢ Assisted Director of Saks Development and Account Executives in assembling customized marketing plans for incoming RFPs ftom
agencies and clients to meet their advertising objectives.

CMe sOccb ub yunca co mecern Ruleyccrag renenLo nine ke ance

¢ Worked with Account Executives to ensure a smooth transition from pre-sake responsibk to post-sale and campaign activation.

CM Sor GenynccRsl coe nuconm het uae Damen Rerc ec bne oe ucla oO cce om hore Calcice

¢ Key lhison between digital production, ad ops, and project managers to ensure delivery of strategic and successfill media programs with
optimal CTRs, and other key digital metrics.

Contract Marketing Coordinator at Verison FiOS 04/2013 - 05/2013 Company Nanr City, State

¢ Provided support for 16 Account Managers and two Regional Account Mangers.

© Pulled and analyzed multiple daily sales reports through VZal.

© Created new reports at the request of Account Managers and Regional Account Managers.
© Managed six street teamemployees for fiekwork events and event reporting,

Freelance Digital Media/Traflic Coordinator at Prudential 02/2013 - 03/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Entered new campaigns into MediaVisor and MediaOcean to create IOs for publishers and traffic sheets for creative departrents.
¢ Provided monthly campaign report and analysis using Dart DFA.
