DIGITAL MARKETING INTERN

Education

v0)

Bachelor of Arts : Psychology, Corporate Strategy Vanderbilt University i City , State

© Cumubiive Grade Point Average: 3.4
© Major Grade Point Average: 3.6

Summry
Hardworking, passionate Vanderbilt student intending to obtain Fall on-campus employment to both grow and excel in all endeavors.

Experience
SPER ORN 220K}
Per alee a k@en mina Ncl chy AO NANT]

¢ Executing and overseeing comporate digital marketing campaign through various pltfonrs including company Twitter and Linkedin pages.
Pm Ooh ihneqoen linmcb cama cue e Nome ional iaenoranley tary
CMA Or nencatr lives marian olicceen ince cadennern elma ces unin Rin ou ee mre soem sisas Brit cad

Runa cs

12/2012 to 05/2013
Student Fundraising Ambassador Company Narre 1% City , State

Pee Oecclcekoo uso como Cemiacncen Eterm etc ome Ciuc ce MO icnina lncrisuece re einen ets keistiva kee
Vanderbilt

Se Cs ccd aca re oe RCo emu sins res eekarelcyuncsna writs Rh yeaN lect mexeente et ee

SRB EClre aniler dun apacimuciati ten obectctoldemrecads sis lees tee etched

12/2011 to 05/2013
MEO seinen aye MEST

Oe yoni cent Conanih a vcR ulin lan acca hoem
CE MeoliniiccRcnllahanecexeo ceo relies eeinnctesc etm
© Updated Counselor and Tutor Coordinator on progress over time.

04/2011 to 1122012
Advertising & Public Relations Intem Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Executed brand endorserent, talent discovery, and talent relations duties.

¢ Orchestrated promotional and vendor agreements with various entities including music groups, festival hosts, and supplement whoksalers
Bi Bias tow

¢ Wrote and distributed advertiserrent and press material to third party media outlets.

¢ Developed various promotional and advertisement campaigns through company social media and web-based entities.

06/2012 to 08/2012
Marketing Intem Company Narre i City , State

© Utilized Microsoft Customer Relationship Managerent system to establish a database of current and potential clients.
Pe wae riecirblina ocneicarecRwiKa lace OK ceamroctce neko mame Riinrrceniiatisncd
¢ Worked under direction of mnagement and C.E.O. to reach out to potential clients and develop interest in company services.

TAO PECL
Aer a Oe ANC ben AONE

© Wrote articks and daily blog posts for intemet news source withover 300,000 unique monthly readers.
¢ Impkmented articks to social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, and Foursquare to increase viewership through concise "Post Blasts".

05/2011 to 08/2011
Data Analysis & Administrative Intem Company Name i City , State

Peo cee cin ce hanuU Cnn wnat copndinel aera ariae-lee Biase
© Performed accounting duties including composing expense reports and suggesting find allocation.
¢ Sustained contact with property owners about buikling activity and relayed information to company chair.

05/2008 to 08/2011
Sales & Marketing Associate Company Name 1% City , State

© Sold billiard tables and accessories and provided advice and consultations on product inquiries.
