SUBSTITUTE TEACHER

Summary

Enthusiastic artists who loves both traditional art and digital art! A Before moving to Richmond I spent two years working as a digital media
Sea Mee tO rec meer ntced te om Onan ab ML Cre CERN ince om Onesies RANT Naar mn
PNP Monoen te teotnced re orl aeN

Penne

* Traditional fine art skills © Superb attention to detail

© Creative and artistic © Time management

© Flexible creative approach = «Traditional and digital photography
REST hoeeCectiu tia nie ¢ Photo enhancing

Relevant Professional Experience
Substitute Teacher Oct 2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

* Work inschoolks across Chesterfield County in a verity of subjects and grades. A My favorites subjects to teach are Art, Library and
ba itvel ara

Mut abe oui e aH L Sie Ca See MOC Leeann eer neR SULLA Laka celceg

* Comfortable with unexpected school situations. A I'm quick on my feet and calm which I believe is the key to keeping students calm

Digital Media Specialist and Administrative Assistant Jul 2013 to Jun 2015
Company Name i City , State

¢ Met and worked with grieving families to create personalized memorial packages for their loved one.

© Tused a variety of programs including Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Publisher and fimeral stationary software.

© Created large collage boards for every family who provided us with photos. A It was not abnormal to create 15 or more boards a week.

¢ I provided support to community outreach programs; small college boards for hospice patients, billboards for charity events and designing
pamphiets or other printed materials for special events including Cape Fear’s Purple Heart dinner.

* Was in charge of teaching coworkers how to use new software as well as troubleshooting computer and printer problerns for the office.

Summer Counselor Jun 2009 to Sep 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Helped to plan and execute activities.

© Dealt with minor cuts and scrapes as well as defusing tempers before fights could start and writing up incident reports after accidents or
fights occurred.

© This job included conflict resolution, working with children whose parent(s) were in the military and a handful that have a parent overseas, as
well as working with handicap/special needs children.

PXcGheors|§ uuaeated

Room Attendant Mar 2012 to Jul 2013

Company Name i City , State

Seasonal Shoe Associate Nov 2011 to Feb 2012

Company Name i City , State

Shoe Associate Oct 2009 to Nov 2011

Company Name i City , State

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts , Dual Major: Art and Visual Technology & Anthropology 2009 George Mason University 14 City , State

Started offas an Anthropology major with a minor in photography but soon found I loved my art classes just as much, A At first glance they seem
unrelated but both deal with people and expressing the human condition. While one does it through studying actions and artificts to better
understand different cultures and time periods, the other deals with feelings and views shown through art. They are diflérent but together they are a
good combination for a more rounded point of view. A Course work included animation, digital as well as traditional black and white
photography, web design, oil panting, sculpture, print media, art history, childhood psychology,A A ancient civilizations and moder culture.
Internship 2007 Gov Trends 14 City , State

* Maintained several politicians’ personal websites, transferred data from previous websites to newly designed websites as well as updating
RS ea Boats

Did analysis of key words used to increase traffic to websites using Googke AdWords. Used pertinent data retrieved to verify ifkey words
were contributing to increasing traffic to websites or not.

© Compiled results and presented solutions in reports for the clients.

Created email lists of possible potential clients.I also did minor design projects such as letter heads and Jogos. Worked with clients’ staff to
ensure they were trained on how to maintain new sites affer all the data had been transferred and organized.

Advanced Degree 2004 West Springfield High School 14 City , State
Internship 2004 Fairfax Archaeology i City , State
