DIGITAL PRODUCER
Summary
Personable Project Manager A successful at building strong professional relationships. Manages large and complex projects whike maintaining high
team morake and energy. Skilled mentor and mediator who excels at bringing out the best in team members.
Highlights

© Budgeting and forecasting

* Process improvement : paar ieienee nt
sinners teil SS e ast
‘ ai ¢ Decisive probkemsoher
he Ral Cie Sooners nitancicag
Sie gil cudslacc yuri es Gao a Deadline-driven
© Superb Dt eae © Special events planning
Pee Bontaeraatl °
schivor anes
08/2015 to Current

Digital Producer Company Name 14 City , State

© Managed a project budget of $300,000.

¢ Draffed action plans and led meetings with internal teams and clients to review project status and proposed changes.
© Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines for up to four projects at once.

© Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.

10/2014 to 08/2015
Yes com @un sctiveN Clery AOv meni

© Managed all event logistics from conception to completion
© Ensured program objectives and strategies are met and all events are produced to the highest quality

* Maintained and expanded vendor relationships and negotiated contracts, pricing and services

¢ Colkborated with agency departments in all project stages to develop creative solutions to meet clients’ needs
© Managed budgets with integrity and transparency at all times

NER OR UNC

Fue le urns com Goer ective Niecy AOl ym Hl

* Managed and executed smaller scale events with 2-3 staff

© Served as a liaison between vendors, staffand clients regarding event details.
CMe der cccboeclbat omit see ckencsicrinnnteatioy

* Anticipated project needs to meet deadlines.

09/2011 to 02/2013
SUrushalene Meera Mere e NCL LOIN MES HI(cy

© Researched and gathered information in planning phase for the execution of events.
CE ce ehilcce them oneee Rea ysicd
* Tracked invoices and created check requests.

SORE e108)

Production Intem Company Name 1% City , State

brairestbeny

May 2011

Bachelor of Science : Business Administration and Computer Information Systems Lewis University is City , State Business Administration and
Computer Information Systems

Skills

© Project Management Tools: Workamajig, Basecamp, DoneDone
© Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML,
