DIGITAL MEDIA CONSULTANT
Summary
Dynamic and results-driven Outside Sales and Territory Manager with over 15 years of successfull new business development, competitive market

share expansion, and customer relationship development. Creative,goal oriented and motivated team kader who develops strong working
relationships,adapts well to a changing environment and provides clear direction.

raraNneny
¢ Successful Sales & Revenue Generation, eee Varteerren
* Leadership & Team Buikling PM retanctrcnrer sty

aha crac aa PEO ora Naste(@lo@iemice es Salona’

eee SPCC ene @r cline ca Decne sued

Accomplishments

2004,05, President's Club award recipient.
2013 Top five Digital Solutions Media Consultant while working at the NY Daily News.

Started a successful mmgazine publishing company in 2004 with distribution spanning as far as Japan. Generated $500,000 in advertising revenue.

schivor anes
Digital Media Consultant 11/2012 to 09/2014 Company Name City , State

Achieved monthly sales goals through vigorous marketing and selling of the NY Daily News Digital Solution products to snmll to mid-sized
businesses. Maintained a daily 20-25 face-to-face cold call regimen to setup appointments with perspective clients in the NYC, Northem NJ
ccm Vl ce CUCR WG Nlacce ecko Cons icecRincnmtcul heb auneeLaaice

Presented and created custom presentations outlining details and benefits based each client's marketing needs and goak.
Developed and implemented innovative marketing strategies to reach sales goals.

Strong knowledge of the Intemet as a sales & marketing tool and the use of social media.

Successfilly managed all campaign execution according to the client's program goals.

Manage existing client relationships and while continuously looking for ways to grow revenue across team accounts.
Drove weekly pipeline development through qualified daily meetings in the field with key clients and decision makers.

Owner / Saks & Marketing Director 06/2003 to 07/2011 Company Name City , State

Responsible for the overall profitability of A.N.S. Multi-Media, Inc. and setting the publication's overall direction (including editorial, marketing,
circulation and advertising sales); determined the target market, and production modes. Planned, organized, directed and controlled the resources
for producing the publication, including setting the budget, allocating and controlling costs. Successfilly increased the magazines production from
5000 copies to 60,000 copies being sold quarterly in the first 12 months of production.

4€¢Responsible for building an advertising base from 0 to 125 clients with clients such as Harley-Davidson, and Aprilla Motorsports
achieving annual gross sales of $250,000 in advertising revenue.

&€¢Developed the Urban Biker brand through traditional, nor-tradition marketing such as social media, the Urban Biker website,
sponsorships, and promotional mterials.

4€¢Directed the development of advertising sales support and marketing materials; such as media kits, email blast, and weekly newsletters.
&€¢Created all promotional programs to help meet sales objectives and grow the business.

¢ &€¢Managed a staffof3 graphic designers, 6 freelance writers and photographers, and a full-time sales staffof2 account managers.

Major Accounts Manager 05/2007 to 06/2010 Company Narre City , State
