OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN
Summary
To obtain and solidify a career-oriented position, leam valuable skills and processes, and contribute the best of my abilities for the goals,
objectives, and growth of the organization.
BS ania}
© OSHA CERTIFIED (Alliance Safety Council 2014) * Experienced with the following software: Visio, StudioOne, ProTools, Ableton
Live, Zbrush, Corel Painter, Akchemy, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe DreamWeaver, Adobe Premiere / Cool Edit Pro,
Excel, Access Database among others.

schivor anes
PPA CaO ROra cats
Company Name City , State Operations Technician

© Become familiar with new projects and their respective layouts and strategize the best course of action in advising clients in staging materials
and working stations for the highest efficiency.

® Maintain good working relations with plant personnel by exhibiting a high quality of expertise as expected by each individual plants set of

ruks in order for a quality representation of the company.

Properly training on use of equipment as specified by product manufacturers to ensure efficient equipment life.

Ensuring jobs are properly prepared for by identifying inventory needs as well as visually inspection, ensuring equipment testing up to date.

Taking personal ownership in tasks and exhibiting pride on completed tasks and ensuring that I am always in a position to kam in order to

grow as an asset to the company.

July 2011 to Noverber 2014
Company Name City , State Store Manager

Maintain an orderly and efficient work environment by delegating tasks to employees based on individual skill sets.

Provide a high level of customer relations through product knowledge, product placement efficiency, and superior customer service.
Maintain status quo on product supply through daily inventory and bulk ordering.

Oversee daily deliveries and enforce mandatory scheduled rotating of products.

¢ Hire and train new employees.

May 2010 to July 2011
Company Name City , State Certified Quality Assurance Agent

© Troubleshoot and test parameters of computer games to ensure desired intended design fimctions throughout in accordance with the intent
of the gax an title.

© Data entry using databases, requiring knowledge of Access (query, etc.).

© Work long, diligent hours as a title approaches the estimated release date.

* Credited on end game credits on three major game titles (Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2012, EA Sports' MMA, NHL'12.

RET eAUee Rau hese ce)
Company Name City , State Department Manager

© Maintain high quality customer service (answering questions, suggesting availabk options, and providing 'fil-serve' service).
CEO eH nCLCr COU Lc eRe ene PERUc mint enniianan

* Maintain a sanitary, and customer friendly work environment.

© Ensure proper opening and closing of the departrent.

© Work with other employees to meet desired production goals.

Riau CRORE a wie)
Company Name City , State Industrial Wallpaper Hanger/Painter

© Quality Wall Covering: [self employed], Baton Rouge and surrounding area Identify expectations of individual contractors and formulate a
design and work strategy to meet the desired goak.

Provide detailed measuring and cutting of high-value material to ensure efficient project costs.

Maintain quality, highly trained installation of commercial vinyl wall covering in a multitude of variation (intricate patterning, 30+ foot murals,
hotel, etc.).

Ol orlob neler Nieas Area iCeeckicce tise ile eomm onal CMmiee Rel alarm Oem tlic nem

Maintain a healthy work relationships with other tradesmen working in the same area through arranging situation-specific allotted working
times for cach.

© This includes experience gained in plant work (in administrative buikdings) which required site-specific training for each.

brairestbeny

Oe)

Baton Rouge Community College

City , State , United States Applied Science Entertaiment Technology / Audio Engineering

FALL 2013 Internship: PreSonus Audio - Baton Rouge Saks Department, Warehouse Department, Event Planning. Inputting and receiving
