25LIVE FUNCTIONAL ADMINISTRATOR/SUPERVISOR OF LT. HELP DESK
Professional Summary
Experienced R25/25Live A AdinistratorA committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry knowkedge.
als
¢ Excellent communication skills
Saloni bheyer(iey
Excellent probkenrsolving abilities
Microsoft MSCA/MCSE Certified
Excellent probkenrsolving abilities
Excellent diagnostic skills
Silay yee cutee) oyu

Work History

25Live Functional Administrator/Supervisor of .T. Help Desk , 10/2007 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Communicate with and identify the needs of Resource 25 usage for staff members within the University. Set boundaries for Web Viewers and
Users. Respond to space requests. As the Ae ces Neg appointed Resource 25 Administrator, all information on Resource 25 must be kept current
by deleting space/creating new space A . A Run weekly reports giving key information as to the events occurring on campus and the Sports
Complex. E-mail to members of the events Committee. Take Leese rok at the Events meeting which precedes A the events meeting. A Run
weekly reportsA on Sports Complex Cee Ratt alkae ‘A Lisle. A Develop, review and implement policies and procedures for the
eo nePaioeed comet occ Ww WS os irrat sce. Wi Cccencnanetmerr nie with IT on the need for Resource 25 upgrades
and research and identify the need for efficiencies such as the Resource 25 and PeopkSoft interface. A Train authorized Benedictine staff members
to use Resource 25 at the User kevel. A Maintaivupdate Resource 25 web site. A Assist areas within the Office of Operations during
Tiere aise tn

Handk/answer inbound requests from customers.A Answer phones professionally. Answer Service Desk requests and tickets ina timely

Pe noe MOSK Potente re omental pea onetacatua cy cnbdrkeci mre mn near e nr cence dacs cen karst
via various communication media. Resolve customer support related issues and provide customer with proper resolution, via troubkeshooting
techniques. Deliver prompt and accurate assistance, with the highest levels of quality service and professionalismA Research required information
Poy ee ACTA) Rice com ite Sam eh OCR ES Noel elon dearer ea ho rnckominraneg Nace WBcce nal cal tetas cera ltt)
handle special telephone tasks like call transfers, taking messages, call backs, holds, interruptions, and unintentional disconnects. Recognize,
document and alert the supervisor of trends in the customer requests. Suggest process improvements for the department. Retain and execute
proficient knowledge of daily processes and procedures. Assist with CSR training. Assist fellow CSRs with challenging situations. Mentor CSRs.
Act as go-to point person for the department. Act as a Team Lead in the absence of the Service Desk Team Lead on an as needed basis. Perform
CSR responsibilities based on Benedictine University's mission, vision, direction and business objectives. Reinforce company and departrent
policies, processes, and procedures. Assist with special projects and other duties as assigned. Ability to work successfillly as part ofa team.

Supervisor Public Safety/ Digital Media Tech , 09/2003 to 06/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Make frequent patrols, by foot and vehicle, of designated campus areas to watch for unusual or suspicious activities and hazardous

sitvations.A Report situations to dispatcher and/or supervisor. Respond to a variety of situations and incidents; including, but not limited to:
burghries, thefis, assaults, sexual assaults, robberies, accidents, medical emergencies, fire alanrs, etc.A Take positive action on comphints/calls
ES Sree oa CS Ee AAR CUR See co ore Polen esec eho k at Mev Anil Ole eB eo os D One a cL
scene.A Notify Chicago Police on alll incidents viewed on public or private property in the area surrounding campus.A May be required to testify
in court.Respond to a variety of comphints/calls received from residents who live in the immediate carpus area.Control access to unauthorized
areas.A Question suspicious persons as to their purpose for being ina specific location Screen outsiders or visitors to campus and campus
Pcie Cel neo al ou etre Rone LO noc sgenieneet a Resco ie oe util me acca ce ol De rer prcnisl Sean nce ences of

buildings.A Check office areas for suspicious activities.A Open offices, upon request by occupant, and secure offices when found open and
unattended. Write incident reports when action is taken by a Public Safety Officer.A Notify Chicago Police on all major incidents/crimes.A

Oversees the use of various media equipment, including video, film, photographic and audio equipment. May oversee or operate highly technical or
complex equipment, such as multi-media and computer projection equipment. A May assist in training, scheduling, and distributing work of other
staf members, students, casuals and temporary workers. A Provides information and advice to a diverse University public on technically complex
matters. Responds skillfilly to a high volume of customer questions and comphints. A May consut with clients in the planning of media production
projects or events, and in developing budgets. A May be responsibke for quality control aspects of media production. A May coordinate

oni Npsr a ecrilar mentee ties mracccM WN Nate) ear eeelnebser Cubinremeruncnnekenkee rare Eats rsa Wy ANd
nuke recommendations for equipment purchases, system design, and facility utilization. Perfonrs related job duties as required. Typical
Requirements Education: High schoo! graduate or equivalent plus technical school (or equivalent), w
