INTERIM SENIOR DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGY MANAGER
Summary

Tama digital marketing and strategist specializing in lead generation through content strategy, digital campaign optimization, and marketing on
digital and social media platforms.

Highlights
© Dependabke
, rae aia ¢ Leveraging third-party analysis
« Mol eting te ;
¢ Excellent written and verbal communicator , erential
, Neen Bae cuba isd

‘ PECs earencaminiuMmeate weerans

© Market segmentation i arr antnna
Cir aeWoresiiite4 c ;
re ee CG cttesD erties
Pie urease

Accomplishments

Developed social media strategy

Increased leads through social media engagement and marketing by %% over XXX time.
TInplemented social media managerment software
Managed Radian 6

schivor anes
Interim Senior Digital Marketing Strategy Manager 08/2015 to 01/2016
Company Name City , State

Identified, developed and evaluated nurketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.
(OU lsl eco M Neo cicpreaiP eB sce LeeLee aed ow ce OU Irece tne PaCHiEs Eva ay Cece
Managed new product and content releases.

Promoted brand awareness through SEO optimization and attractive web design.

Wrote creative and engaging briefs for intemal and external agencies.

Worked effectively ina heavily cross-fimetional, fast paced environment.

Managed, mentored and developed a team of [Nuber] product managers.
Spearheaded the creation of blogs and social media content.

Managed all company customer engagement campaigns.

Manage team of eight content coordinators, writers and social media managers

Oversee social media management

Develop digital content strategy

Responsible for analytics and content reporting including SEO and social media

Generate leads through content marketing, social media advertising and PPC

Lead muturing campaigns and ennil communications/ lead generations.

Owner 07/2010 to 08/2015
Company Name City , State

Developed digital strategies that support organization's business goals and objectives

Spearheaded the creation of blogs and social media content.Managed, mentored and developed a team of [Number] product
managers.Produced engaging online marketing campaigns.Planned and managed budgets in excess of $100,000.
Communicated with designers, graphic producers, video editors and videographers to create cohesive company voice.
Content development including blogs, ennil newsletters, presentations and video

PUR ve eee nie eR Om Lecoini seni ncaan seBlivecy

Managed Site Core content development for a major website migration

Community manager for social media plitfors (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google +)

Blog for consumrer and B to B audiences

Wrote e-newsktters

Responsible for search engine optimization, marketing and pay-per-click campaign management.

Co-owner/ founder 08/2010 to 01/2016
Company Name City , State

* Co-founder of networking events company specializing in social media for women
