DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER.

Summary

Creative manager with a proven record of driving revenue gains and brand awareness through digital marketing and social media. For example -
increased website traffic an average 43% across 15 clients via ermil nurturing, social media campaigns, and strategic landing pages.

Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite; Adobe Creative Suite; IBM Social Media: LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Googlet, Pinterest, Wordpress,

Win oned@ nim @as eli mca Oe Instagram, YouTube HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, SEO, Keywords

schivor anes

DTG alate Elio m

Noverber 2016 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

* Acquired to strategize, build, and manage cross-channel marketing campaigns to enhance client's retention and growth, as well as internal
Peeanacitetn

© Develop and monitor end-to-end digital marketing campaigns using the integrated IBM Marketing Cloud automtion platform

© Build strategic microsites, landing pages, and automated email programs utilizing customized datasets based on each client's target audience
Bina eomat aan eeca na ikem

PALO W Ate
February 2016 to November 2016 Company Name if City , State

© Hired to manage and strategize target market data structuring and reporting for all clients around the world, current and prospective, to
enhance their lead generation phtform

© Configured custom data sets of 10,000 to 20 million records, and detailed analytical reports utilizing MySQL and the Sociall23 virtual
patter

Data Director/Digital Strategist
Novenber 2014 to October 2015 Company Nan i City , State

¢ Initially hired to manage ermnil nurturing and LinkedIn marketing campaigns for seven clients of various industries and target markets.

© Quickly introduced strategic management to data structuring for new and prospective clients to enhance lead generation.

© Managed data budget of $500,000 over all sources to enhance target market for 80 clients through email nurturing and digital marketing

campaigns.

Increased kead generation and ROI through targeted ermil campaigns, including $10,000 ofadded contracts in one month for one client.

* Grew LinkedIn connections by engaging likeminded groups and target audience, building a strong industry network, and distributing valuable
oon

© Partnered with Act-On to improve interface efficiency and productivity.

* Produced custom graphic mterials (Photoshop) and landing pages (HTML & Vidyard) to increase brand recognition, open rates, and

ere ce nunc ones

Developed strategic reporting platform in Microsoft Excel to closely monitor cumulative information from Google Analytics and Act-On

Dashboard.

Administrator
February 2011 to November 2014 Company Name it City , State

© Recruited as human resources advisor and technology expert.
© Challenged to create consistent, modemized reporting and operations for 25 hotels around the country.
© Improved annual budgeting for all properties by developing comprehensive formulas and strategies within Microsoft Excel.
© Created distinct brand strategies with grand opening events and charitable donations, through the use of print ads, website updates, and
digital campaigns.
© Enhanced hotel productivity through implementation of upgraded computers, PMS software, and IP credit card processors.
ati ca niemsyereatlitg
October 2010 to January 2011 Company Narre 1% City , State

© Acquired to assist the business development operations by mamging design of catalogs, websites, social media channels, product
photography, and tradeshow presence.

¢ Established a new public innge for the product line and developed catalogs, e-commerce website, advertisements, fliers, newsletters, and
internal press releases.

© Enhanced tradeshow presence and brand awareness by designing custom booth graphics and organizing charitable marketing relations.

Ce orcs CPR ose a MA Ronse acer uieeee Rees) Brewer sR bte nom

Marketing Specialist & Senior Account Manager
Noverber 2006 to September 2010 Company Name iA City , State

© Initially hired to create graphic projects and build websites for local businesses, before quickly being promoted to a managerial role
overseeing the marketing and sales operations.
¢ Developed brand identity for internal divisions and area businesses, produced tailored websites, digital advertiserrents, press releases, ermil
