SOCIAL ENGAGE SALES

Summary

My Current rok represents Komiis entire social media business across Thailand. I take Komilis social offerings to brand and performance
advertisers as well the regionaVlocal agencies. This is involve going to market with social advertising options across Facebook, Twitter and other
social partnerships that Komi brings to market. It also involves demonstrating the use of Kons technology offerings across social and how they
benefit customers in the long run. I amnot only be directly responsible for the teams targets, growth, retention etc. but would also be involved in
delivering phitform demonstrations to agencies and clients, signing long-term tech and advertising contracts, organizing and executing trainings and
orientation for clients. Key success metrics are hitting the quarterly target, retaining existing clients, ensuring personal and professional growth of
their direct tearvs, regional reporting and management

Highlights
Skills: © Leadership
" Cam Cereicer inc
Se ce Ecc Lan aCe ERC. a Recta Uete
« A Platformand operational expertise © Business planning
CEG eriniiistisalae ° Saks ;
ACRE ee rtrd SE Ee
A we Ca wolstucincsg
CRN uiee cra anianisnany en ran
SS oer ec Regs Ca areata teeta!
PP ecuneniaLaenaleCetre erg © Probkmsolving
schivor anes

Social Engage Sales 01/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

‘TheA TechnicalA Account Manager directly manages a portfolio of clients that are using the social media ads management phtformA A The key
metric for success is the amount of media spend in the system and other softer metrics like number of features used and success on the KPI's the
re is a to Sa bo Wo aN IMAI he orots Need na 4 Ele ue oe in recommending and apa SE om

account growth,A technical Rea h elec ilest cuccw AWW .wWA

oa iL enGuradl tue or ences i gO nna ee eee aeeeanaie Ra Lecaae daa
Pec Taney. W DalinermaetneTr enon orb eg ty La oe Uh acetic y meee Recon eke casi AA Assist in product
trainings and perform Quarterly Business reviews as needed A Act as a liaison between internal teams to ensure customers’ needs are being met
AA Understand customer usage and provide best practices support to ne lila reat aiarsce knee cae et an
accounts and other reports to determine needs/prionities for clients and engage in regular proactive service management discussions rN Baad
client relationships A through A extensive knowledge of A client's marketing goals and through personal and face-to-face interactions A Identify
and communicate up-sell opportunity within each account A A Deliver satisfied custorrer relationships that result in references, case studies, and
Mono RCco seco ari codumisragucbn ye USoiinen rors cnhaicarcimackineerelainckeen tc alicate ol
escalating important issues where needed A A

Senior Sales Manager 01/2014 to 12/2014 Company Name City , State

Vserv.mobi ( Singapore limited)-Follow the process as outlined A by VP (Vikas Gulati).

Weekly reports and detailed pipelines to be updated on weekly basis.

List ofaccounts / agencies to be managed .

Weekly Review Call-Managing Unilever , OMD and the rest of local account from regional and Thailand perspective-Follow the process outlned
by VP and will do weekly pipeline to give clear status on allecountsi¢}

Need to make sure that the company revenue on track to hit brand business towards USS200K as outlined AOP numbers .

Sales lead 08/2011 to 01/2014 Company Name City

1.Vserv.mobi ( Singapore limited) Follow the process as outlined below by VP.

Weekly reports and detailed pipelines to be updated on google docs on weekly basis.

List ofaccounts / agencies to be managed.

Weekly Review Call Managing Unilever , OMD and the rest of local account from regional and Thailand perspective Follow the process
outlined by VP and will do weekly pipeline to give clear status on all accounts...

Need to make sure that the company revenue on track to hit brand business towards USS 200K as outlined AOP numbers.

© Develop and cultivate leads for the sales pipeline Assess potential business deals, negotiate favorable terms, and gain commitrent Generate
sales leads through personal, professional & external networks Present, negotiate and sell Online Media's products to prospective agency
and direct clients, typically pitching to executives, media planners and marketing managers Establish, develop and maintain business and
social relationships with current and potential clients Participate in promotional events such as trade shows and seminars Work with other
UR POKeH al soe ence rican eben eR ere cinch ey aiecipecetacecs

Business Developrent Consultant 01/2011 to 07/2011 Company Name City

© Identify & qualify new software opportunitiesfor Oracle - Consult with C-level executives to determine their business issues & Engage with
Oracle team provide the best engineered solutions.

© Cooperate with Account Managers & Partners to close projects - Create Account plans to ensure the Target achievemen - Contribute to
revenue generation for database license business - Build and maintain effective customer & partner relationships - Promote Orack
