DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
Executive Profile

Digital and print media professional and consultant with a strong vision to develop new projects and specialist in business development. Strong
mmnagenent skills and leading teams. Result oriented. Passionate and experienced in product and audience development, analytic tools, emerging
technologies and their applications in the media industry. Social media and content strategist. Bilingual.

Skill Highlights
CR rarsisny
Crete Ce Delco}
* Leadership © Writing
CRN VaWy lett) Cae celitecg
Ce Bur iey Cosy * Storytellng
« Business Developrent * Multimedia Storytelling
© Audience Developnent © Content Strategy
Cesc ouem asia « Content Management
© Product Management Ces) 26)
© Social Media « Organizational Skills
CeO emetic) © Consultant
Cyl © Digital Analytics
Cir aeWoresiiite4 « Staff Development
© Marketing « Blggng
Ce Brurrnyeleccns’ Pa ectsmteainees)
CMa (estmciesl ocd

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Journalist, columnist, executive editor, media business executive and consultant specialized in digital and new media with almost 30 years of
experience working in more than one hundred media companies in Spain, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico and other Latin American and
European countries.

Focused in business development and revenue strategies.

Specialized in new media (digital, social, audiovisual), business development, newsroom organization and media management.

With extensive experience in the transformation of legacy media (especially newspapers and television) in digital and multimedia brands, and
in the launching of new digital media.

Winner of several prizes and distinctions: Society for News Design (SND) for works in print and web and 14 gold JosA@ MartA Awards
of the National Association of Hispanic Publications (WAHP), between them best newspaper (EI Diario, NY and La Opinion, LA) and best
weekly newspaper (La Raza, Chicago).

Chosen as one of the most influencial Spanish journalists on Internet, according to El] Mundo newspaper.

Journalism professor in several universities, Master in Journalism and frequent speaker in professional media events, conferences and
workshops (WAN-IFRA, INMA and others).

Co-author of several books about journalism and digital media.

Professional Experience
January 1999

to

January 2006
Company Name Director of Digital Transformation

ImpreMedia Vicepresident of Content, in charge of digital and print operations of the company.

ImpreMedia is the kading Hispanic news and information company in the U.S.

in online and print.

Twenty-three percent (23%) of U.S.

Hispanic adults use an impreMedia network product ina given month, drawing 9.5 million unique visitors per month.

ImpreMedia publishes products in 15 U.S.

Sioeeh Gee ee A Seles teas enUCceieSninA

Its leading publications include La OpiniA?n in Los Angeles and El Diario La Prensa in New York.

Its online properties include: www.impremedia.com; www. hopinion.con; www.eldiariony.com, www. laraza.cony www. hprensa.cony,
www. kopiniondelabahia.cony www.rumbotx.com; quicromasfitboL.cony and paratimujer.us.

Currently managing as Senior Consultant the digital transition of La NaciA?n (Buenos Aires, Argentina), one of the main news media in
Argentina and the Impremedia's shareholder to a new business and organization based more on digital and video than in print.

CEO and owner of Mediathink Consultores (2007-2013), an international media consultancy and research company specialized in news
media: new digital and business projects and how to change the legacy companies to a digital environment.

¢ With experience in projects and works in more than one hundred media organizations and twenty countries in Europe and Latin Amrica.

Main clients: Vocento, Agencia Efe, Grupo Planeta, Ministerio de Sanidad ¢ Igualdad, La Voz de Galicia, The Cocktail and others (Spain);
Grupo ChrAn, La NaciA?n, La Voz del Interior (Argentina); El Mercurio (Chik); El Comercio (PerA°); O Globo, Correo Braziliense
(Brazil); GFR Media (Puerto Rico); La Prensa GrA jfica (El Salvador) and others.
