OWNER/PRESIDENT

Professional Profile

Aseasoned marketing professional who delivers results in alignment with strategic business plans by developing and executing marketing
campaigns as well as managing extemal agencies.

Qualifications
CR iesouem resect eg) Tent aM Cvoete hone Key MONT sta
© Results measurement © Product positioning
SES elon oan ¢ Brand developmentintegrated marketing communications
Cee Davoraits fal dree anol CM Mm Ceeltin ace arent
* Phnexecution Pate berlbe)atntiiey
CRN WOrN Sone eselesit
® Video production
aaa chiesrates
Oversaw campaign that exceeded annual goals and increased brand relevance with consumers/
schivor anes
Owner/President

January 2013 to Current Company Name

© Freelance communications and digital content creation for corporate and independent businesses.
© Developrent and production of video content for internet and social media.

Strategic Marketing Manager
January 2010 to January 2012

* Formuhted, directed and coordinated marketing activities to promote products and services Maximized marketing budget and coordinated
fares aa lo

Provided oversight of PR and trade show activity.

Created strategies to stretch marketing and promotional budgets while improving brand impact in the marketphace.

Pec eet Uece Lathe Rie CHa IGelnin nencemilourceettc (ae

Took ownership ofand executed an experiential NASCAR marketing program that raised awareness for one of our brands and increased
pullthrough rate for the product resulting in a 15% increase in production volume and sales and $3 million of total branded TV exposure as
fettirsced sun neeel 0) bom

This programalso resulted in strengthening a relationship with a major customer.

Reduced shipping and set-up costs for trade show properties by $3000 per event by refreshing tradeshow properties and displays.
Developed impactfid displays designed and engineered to be lighter and easier to transport to shows.

Cost savings of $50,000 over the entire trade show season.

Developed and refined an iPad App designed and implemented to standardize sales materials and presentations.

This provided customer facing brand consistency and product specification accuracy.

It improved the process of creating sales presentations and eliminated redundancy making sales staff more efficient and productive.

Product Marketing and Brand Manager
REV aa aANCRR COM Elir a a arAtn Ce)

* Managed and coordinated marketing and branding activities, created communications materials Created an engine brand for the commercial
She cena ca

Developed strategy, positioning, naming and graphic elements along with brand standards and guidelines.

This allowed the company to focus marketing and advertising efforts to meet brand objectives as well as optimizing budgets.

Produced an award winning documentary video from conception to completion to depict the company’s 75-year history.

Finished product was an integral part ofan internal and external communications campaign to illustrate product evolution leading up to a new
i cuceaesnieae

The project required extensive historic research and fact checking.

SGlnece ON ycuuraten ea cen PR RUB Laects

Developed and executed an integrated brand launch in partnership with a Country Music Association event in Nashville.

[AU ected ethene cece RUM LC eects Ueno B iar(at Ree Ren

Billboard Magazine recognized the sponsorship for extraordinary innovation.

Developed and implemented a PR and commumications campaign that increased consumer interaction and loyalty to a company brand and
Integrated customer events with website interaction.

Murcumucckuen sleletkenmurreriecceslelasaa

Managed internal corporate events that included planning, logistics and vendor managerrent for Board of Directors meetings, Wall Street
analyst gatherings, and Annual Dealer Meetings This reduced production costs 50% resulting in $1 million annual savings.

xeuti ear pceerece
January 1999 to January 2012 Company Name 1% City , State
