DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER.
[Oouw reels
Digital Marketing Manager Accomplished professional in digital marketing, digital project management, content management and migration, SEO,
social media and web analytics. Identify, manage and implement web based solutions for a variety of online initiatives including multi-nationaVmulti-
lingual website development. Act as the technical lead in digital marketing decisions with the keen ability to keep projects moving forward in the
face of obstacks. Effective vetting of technical specifications, industry research, vendor selection and management of internal and external
resources. A strong ability to build rapport with peers and influence others along with building relationships with key decision makers. Manage
offshore tears and responsible for re-engineering processes and implementing agile developrrent methodologies. Core Strengths Web Marketing
Strategy Development Web Analytics and Analysis Vendor & Contractor Management Project Management Team Building and Education E-
Mail Marketing Business Needs Analysis Technical Proficiency Competitive Analysis Search Engine Optimization (SEO) External Agency
Managerent Performance Mangement Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Cross-Functional Team Collaboration Resource Allocation Social
Media Web Marketing Best Practices Content Management System Analysis
Sumnnry of Skils

© Web Graphic Design, Web User Interface Design, Multimedia Content Development, Coordination, Project
Managenent, Web Sawvy, Layout Skills and Internet Presence
SEO Optimization, SEM, Social Media, Analytics, Link Building Strategy, Keyword Research
MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Flash and Acrobat
Google Analytics, Siteimprove, WebTrends, Websidestory, Netsight a
HTML, XML, CSS and extensive experience with several CMS systems.
ero ete aC NUs ARN Ay slaw Nhe
MS Project and Visio (basic)

relations

Global marketing

Professional Experience
DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER 12/2008 to Current Company Name City , State

© Coordinate and congruently oversee diverse projects and responsbilities, which involve: Research and industry knowledge and
prioritization, content, design, informative architecture, user requirements, user experiences and site flow.

Conceptualized, designed and instituted a website uplift.

Directs and disperses a SIM budget, entailing: Scope, define, estimate and manage budgets for digital projects, including websites, search
engine marketing and social media campaigns.

Function as Art Director of visual and digital content surrounding external websites.

Support the company objectives and promote branding, as well as consult stakeholders on the development of web content.

Lay out clearly defined expectations for the development team, along with receiving them also.

Communicate technical concepts to non-technical staffin a clear and concise manner.

Innovatively promote unique opportunities between the web and other venues.

Manage and allocate workflow through layoffs, train and lead virtual website team overseas, and additionally supervise staff work
performance, including: Recruiting, hiring and training, and oversee career development activities.

Utilize Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and social media to develop new business.

Perform evaluations of websites, research, deck preparation, in-person pitches and education to staffon SEM best practices.

ONLINE MARKETING COORDINATOR 09/2006 to 12/2008 Company Name City , State

Designed a realtime application to retrieve lawyer bios across 38 different offices.

This process eliminated duplicate repositories and saved duplicated efforts.

Managed Internet profiles for over 2K lawyers, which were domestic and internationally located.

Gathered and posted web articles, press releases, events, graphics and video content.

Organized, oversaw and implemented strategic plans for a successful online alurmi website, including: Tracking timelines, deliverables and
Fipecan el oe) g ence) eu a vette

Created graphics and online pages that were user friendly to support web and e-mail campaigns.

Successfilly evaluated on behalf of clint alerts: email metrics, including delivery, open, and, clicks, and conversion rates.

Determined performance optimization and made recommendations for web data and user behaviors.

ELECTRONIC MARKETING SPECIALIST 05/2004 to 09/2006 Company Nanx City , State

Supervised daily website maintenance.

Ensured aesthetic consistency while servicing 250K key industrial decision makers.

Incorporated cost-saving technologies and saved the company $20K.

Managed and enhanced automating processes and tapped into in house technical expertise.

Responsible for and maintained a strict adherence to a $200K budget.

oe nietme lest Miaka mst eaenoceReticy «oR at delce

Planned projects and uphold expected outcomes according to scheduk, as well as kept up on issues and brought about swift and efficient
resolutions.

© Co-created graphical elements and PDF's, along with other traditional and Intemet avenues.
