SENIOR DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST

Summary

Digital marketing professional experienced in SEO, PPC and account management. Knowledgeable about conversion rate optimization, content
marketing, analytics and proficient in wide variety of SEO/PPC took.

Highlights

CE ca rae R icin Centr trite mmm Ylerecea@)ir cect .8
PETE scimubvemnistnsica tre tm <lic) CRBs sym eMersinetce andy
CMO cce arora w clon ti © Graphics editing software
Focused and driven CMAN comtelneccts ia 8
© Skilled multitasker © Project mamagement softwareA
. * Social media mamgement toobA
© Results-oriented © User experience (UX) design principks,
© Deadline-driven © Content management systems (CMS)
© Selfdirected A ¢ HTMLand CSS knowlkedgeA
Pee Prrrieoronce.y
Petco smerantat rece lacus
ead evinsg Digital Marketing
CMolainaticnets soccer Te Sua Nu cL
Neto ie Sreipem yale cating
schivor anes
03/2015 to Current
Senior Digital Marketing Specialist Company Name i City , State
01/2014 to 11/2014

Senior SEO Specialist Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Applied ethical SEO best practices when performing tasks such as keyword research, competitive analysis, content optimization, Meta tag

creation, alt tag creation and social media optimization.

Analyzed, reviewed and implemented changes to improve organic search and page rank of client B2C websites.

Chimed business listings and provided location data syndication to data aggregators.

Impkmented website migrations, 301 redirects, sitermps, robots.txt file, and fixed 404 errors.

Digital Copywriter Developed grammutically sound, benefit driven and search engine friendly content for global client B2C websites.

Produced unique and engaging content marketing pieces for cross-channel partners that featured or supported LiveEdit's SaaS product and

Raat ashe (aeacm

* Created and maintained online product user guides for the Aurora by LiveEdit CMS interface, and best practices documentation to guide
internal impkmmentation.

© Managed and maintained the organization's website and social media accounts (Google +, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter) by linking relevant
information together and adding photos and graphics as appropriate to keep visually appealing and engaging.

SPU RE ORUe0C
Lead Project Manager Company Name 14 City , State

© Managed and mentored a team of Project Managers.

© Set and continually managed project expectations with clients, delegated tasks and responsibilities to appropriate team members.

* Coordinated production trafficking from start to finish, including: client onboarding, the development and distribution of project information,
design, integration, content entry, SEO, quality assurance, training and launch.

01/2013 to 06/2013
Digital Copywriter (Contractor) Company Name 14 City , State

© Developed grammatically sound, benefit driven and search engine friendly content for LiveEdit's global client B2C websites.

© Produced unique and engaging content marketing pieces for cross-channel partners that featured or supported LiveEdit's product and
Raat ashe (aeacm

© Created and maintained online product user guides for the Aurora by LiveEdit CMS interface, and best practices documentation to guide
internal impkmmentation.

06/2009 to 05/2012
Communications and Membership Coordinator Company Name i City , State

© Wrote copy, edited, designed, and distributed news releases, print and electronic newsletters and educational outreach materials on a
variety of water related issues.

© Managed and maintained the organization's website and social media accounts (LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter) by linking relevant
information together and adding photos and graphics as appropriate to keep visually appealing andengaging.

* Managed donor database and electronic list serv by maintaining accurate records of donors, their gift histories and electronic subscription
piel aecs

© Managed all special event and tradeshow promotion, operations, expenses and logistics including vohinteer management, logistics,
sponsorships, event budgets and analytics/tracking of event ROI.
