DIRECTOR OF NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Executive Profile

B2B & B2C MARKETING & SALES | STRATEGIC BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT | INTEGRATED MARKETING A

Energetic, accomplished Sales and Marketing professional with a track record of helping organizations grow revenue and increase market share,
executing on kading-edge integrated marketing strategies. Insatiable focus on client management and growth. Experience spans across businesses
Bra CE ula cole aaa OL an aB Os OS LELo Lac) nicomeerct namo mere mbes Ream Cesc BOM Torn MOE ho
processes; develop and motivate teams; and work well under pressure to manage and meet multiple project deadlines on schedule and under
recom balle een OMRON eee ae lal eM Coneseoiac ome ome nibancey

(eee cana cy
4€¢A Strategic Sakes & Market Planning

Fd We keikGcrarlt en, @untcnt on

A " cer © Integrated Marketing
aa © Sales & Business Development
FA tel em © Team Leadership
BSA one melee x paincd Renee
Fic £@ tht ag PS cr dey oLetslog
© Mobile Marketing

a€¢ Digital Advertising

Core Accomplishments

Sales A

Increased pipeline opportunities 200%

Surpassed sales goals by 25%

Cane ten eae

eo ele Rule retucd eee oH eee ane meshes mince ou ce Ren ea nicneske aie ee teatd

Ureecpenalponmar ates
Director of New Business Development Company Name i City , State

Motivate and kead the activities of the existing sales organization, and take charge of introducing i:Predictus to new clients.
Manage overall governance of website, including defining and executing overall strategy, digital campaigns, coordinate improved
inffastructure and operations.

Define long-term yearly strategic goals.

Identify business opportunities, negotiate and close business deals and maintain extensive knowledge of current market conditions.
Ser eleRei nna ems CoUneI a RoNe Teeny rues ee bsislou cc ie Postrace uid

Maintain capabilities decks and manage library of solutions and case studies.

Participate in educational opportunities and professional organizations.

Created strategies to grow customer base which resulted ina 15% increase in monthly sakes.

07/2013 to 08/2014
Digital Media Account Executive Company Name i City , State

Se yo ceR eau cia co tocaloremoa eri Koonce b nai ani camo ian concep naMnicicdl a noraleke als)
products and services offered by AutoTrader.comand KBB.com

ese) oe OME R SURG UU RTE e cacao

Generated and expanded relationships with assigned partners and prospects to maximize revenue opportunities.

Consulted with partners to determine their business needs and offer the best utilization of the products and services offered.

Prioritized assigned customer list to focus on revenue potential,

Established business plan for assigned territory.

Recta ccm ariho ac) nin cas ecruicai ancy

Exceeded team sales goals by 25%.

01/2010 to 012013
Dicom a Vole cua Qn eUNAN Lea A OLN BES] ELC

- ow owe a) oo soe rr oo vs D
