DIGITAL MARKETING COORDINATOR.
alg

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Digital Marketing Coordinator skilled in leveraging the power of blogs, online communities and social media platforms to increase brand
awareness and boost brand loyalty. SEO optimization expert adept at creating highly-targeted web content that drives inbound traffic.
CORE QUALIFICATIONS

Strategic media placement

(Orel rooritang

NW csib asco

Special events phnning

5+ years customer service & sales experience.

WordPress

Google Analytics & AdWords Certified

Adobe Photoshop

Seihalewime) ate aii

Reports generation and analysis

SEO & SEM

schivor anes
Digital Marketing Coordinator 12/2016 to Current City , State

© Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.
© Managed all social media progras, including online reputation, blogs, and social networking,

¢ Planned and managed monthly budgets.

* Developed marketing strategies and campaigns cach month.

© Maintained and updated websites.

© Increased following by over 400%.

Saks & Customer Service Representative 02/2015 to 02/2016 Company Name City , State

© Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.

* Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.

¢ Exceeded targeted sales goals by 30%.

© Placed special merchandise orders for customers.

© Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
© Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.

03/2011 to 01/2013 Company Nan City , State

© Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach.
© Eamed "Top Seller” for four consecutive times.

* Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning.

© Expressed appreciation and invited customers to retum to the store.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts : Communications Cinemm Arts. Communications, English and Journalism 2016 Vanguard University City , State , USA
Communications Cinema Arts. Communications, English and Journalism

Advanced coursework in Public Relations. Wrote and prooftead many articks, press-releases, and scripts. Produced several student-films. Best
film2015 Academic Achievement Award.

als

Fee Urey MM nS ULee lsum el dca cMeccl meen nme merarerc ele cmceay acc) uaesi Catt Goes ePaNes Lem ELC ULES
strategies, market trends, Marketing, media placement, Media relations, networking, optimization, press-releases, Public Relations, sales
experience, sales, scripts, social media phitfonrs, Strategic, web content, websites, articles
