MEDIA / ADVERTISING COORDINATOR

Ritererstag

ere cee) eRe Cau un O RRO eles ccer ke lameto mat cen Ae Tome ea rela asim ton easly 4]
print media relations. Superb writer and editor who communicates effectively with target audiences through strategic communication techniques,
Uriebisiaccieneremunet unions By edsB @alenice

PeraNens

Ew

COT amcoay com aloe

Aosta eM olnlanezonra
; POI omccay ces uatcue
Copywriter and copyediting Pee osicenonemilenntocscig
. * Copywriter and copyediting
eeelcusiitsnanun’ Pi eetcctnrtscien
‘ 5 Pa Seon cer aeccd

Exceptional writer © MotivaExcellent communicator

MotivaExcellent communicator Si ,
© New program and promotion impkmentation

Strong proposal writer peg
* Decisive problemsolver

New program and promotion implementation ¢-_ Deadline-driven
« Event Planning & Coordination

Team player

Decisive problemsolver

Deadline-driven

etna wstiiee a Gosia cee

Accomplishments

Bic

Secured feature article in North Dallas Gazette.
4€¢Interviewed in the Kenexa RPO COE Video

Experience

March 2012

to

ere

COO NAN NRO ABNER oCe Mua @ee eres

4€¢Pkanned and publicized events, including negotiating vendor contracts and designing promotional materials. Proofiead and reviewed all print
and ekctronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style. Revised campaigns in response to feedback from the creative director,
account teamand clients. Reviewed and edited colleagues’ written work for grammar, tone, voice and creative quality. Communicated with
designers, graphic producers, video editors and videographers to create cohesive company voice. Developed copy and concepts for packaging,
in-store colhteral, video scripts, digital storytelling, print advertising, scasonal collections, shows, events and promotions.

Ba Moniomne leben cba sucge tecrence os Olena caet sn eccdreeliva ance Cnlrsycome biel) cones yeccn cs
arising while recruitment campaigns are in progress Maintain relationships with clients, advertisers, third-party vendors, and internal departments
Work with account executives to determine client needs and budget Managing the production of digital and print communication materials including
sourcing, managing, and maintaining verdor relationships.

4€¢Coordinate trainings, trade shows, and interview events Track advertising budget and coordinates with the accounting department for invoice
issues Copywriter creatively contributing to Ad copy to encourage candidate traffic to meet client's need.

4€¢Prooftead copy and obtain management approval for all content for all job postings, job fair advertisement.
4€¢Ensures the style and content is in harmony to the hiring goals, in addition to the company's brand.
a€¢Responsibke for social media engagement initiatives to maximize social networking for our client's account.

June 2010
