VIDEOGRAPHER

Professional Profile
Creative individual seeking an Associate Editor position with American Greetings to utilize writing and editing skills to create innovative and trend-
driven products.
Qualifications
© Indepth knowledge of video
* Designed and wrote content for materials geared towards various audiences in print and/or oinebetenmestted ccolnine Lemmy eos)
digital form- newsketters, blogs, scripts, feature articles, advertisements, speeches, brochures, ceibietpenestnem cee}
and presentations © Implemented leadership, training and
* Implemented digital marketing strategies across social media phtfonns Shecays OB ORO SSDS aL a sty
© Skilled reporter and editor © Developed creative marketing
presentations to improve engagement
schivor anes
03/2015 to Current

Videographer Company Name 14 City , State

© Worked in collaboration with clients and production staff to produce a variety of video products, including both live events and video

Siete nec
© Conducted field-based video production, which involved interacting with clients and operating all portable video and audio equipment.

06/2014 to Current
Digital Media Specialist Company Name i City , State

Responsible for creating content for new website and app called LCExplorer.com.

Created and implemented a digital marketing plan that increased LC Explorer's user base to 10,000 monthly active users in six months.
Wrote blog posts to promote the website and app.

Managed Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to effectively drive brand awareness, engagement, and traffic to website.

Developed and implemented an ermail marketing campaign for both LC Explorer and Emerge's web services.

Produced, edited and acted as on-camera talent for instructional videos that were used for customer support, orientation and training,
Created series of web videos to highlight successes of local businesses.

Managed a team of interns to help produce content for LC Explorer.

Communicated with clients to manage and update the business directory on LCExplorer.com.

Planned and coordinated events to launch various Emerge Inc.

Roa ee

Wrote, edited, and posted press releases to LorainCounty.com

PER OA0 Cs)
boom Mon IVAN RTECS ELC

© Researched and wrote investigative news stories that were published in the Akron Beacon Journal, the Youngstown Vindicator, and
TheNewsOutletorg.
© Conducted interviews for the purpose of writing, producing, and recording radio pieces to accompany the print media.

07/2013
SUromebe rm iiorn Ouran ALOIS MCI HIc!

© Maintained social media accounts throughout summer to highlight the success of the organization's alunmi and increase membership.
Filmed and edited videos to promote annual fimdraiser and posted to social media sites.

Created and maintained blog to feature the successes of the organization's interns.

Acree Omran atom

Promoted annual fimdraiser using social media and video advertisements.

0 PALI}
Program Producer Company Name iA City , State

© Created and produced a news and entertainment program for Z-TV and WVPX titked "Lights, Camera, Akron!" Responsibk for all aspects
of program production including selecting content, directing live-to-tape studio sessions, and editing packages.

Nd nettle sReveibecesub elena ace

Developed and implemented social media strategy to promote program and engage student audience.

eee ook eclrbereahne Reue oe ce eReyusltieeeecleat oem

Communicated with WVPX Channel 23 to ensure program was delivered ina timely mamer for their regularly scheduled broadcast.

07/2012
Production Intem Company Name 1% City , State

© Worked on the live, daily entertainment program, "New Day Cleveland." Served as production assistant on Jocation shoots.
