DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS SPECIALIST

Summary

Digital communications professional with over 10 years of experience seeking a new opportunity where I amabk to use and expand my
CO Porerecm Ree Reso omeninP uCdUnumceabrcctmtnl on Abb IaLel eel) ouunumhe Ree nesn cnet sae atm
Skills

A Uisio crank e@ neu Peabo
PERSE ere ete. ES 7 ; f ; ae
© Excellent knowledge of use of Microsoft Office - Excel, Word, 7 paar enietenrniaaaaaat aa
x Peete * Technical writing background with experience writing for
es p A national publications
© Website content management with OpenSource phtfonmsA. Ae eMC res cn ece et
PE gv ce cna lceRe lm nacomer ec unas att sreeernes , i”

schivor anes
Digital Communications Specialist 12/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

© Develop, write and execute communication plans for projects ofall scale.

© Manage social media accounts (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube) for the Social Security Administration's Ticket to Work
poor

Utilize Sprout Social to schedule and mamage social media posts and activity.

Coordinate closely with the Information Technology (Systems) department and client to write about complex subject mutter.

Ensure accessibility of PDFs and compliance with standards established by Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.

Develop, coordinate and implement content for all communication channeb.

Edit and develop content so it is optimized for website publication.

Coordinate closely with managers project-wide to ensure delivery of website content, publications, and training materials and courses.

Communications Specialist 08/2012 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

* Ensured consistence and accuracy in internal and external communications.

Edited and revised all marketing content to guarantee the highest quality of writing.

Created and edited content for the organization's annual report.

Developed and implemented communication strategies and information programs.

Created and carried out social media strategy and oversee impkerentation of national social media campaigns.

Worked with Subject Matter Experts to develop messaging and content.

Developed, wrote and edited proposals, marketing and communications plans, marketing materials and website content.

Reporter 06/2008 to 08/2012 Company Name City , State

* Wrote for Accounting & Compliance Alert, a daily online newsletter focused on the accounting profession.
© Edited and prooffead articks.

© Covered Congress, specifically the House Financial Services Committee and Senate Banking Committee.
* Wrote about tax law, regulations and issues impacting investors and public companies.

Reporter 06/2006 to 06/2008 Company Name City , State

* Wrote articks covering commercial real estate in a real-time news environment.

© Wrote daily for eNewsktter.

© Standardized press releases for publication.

* Promoted to the position of Reporter II in June 2007, affer taking on more challenging assignments, writing daily and monthly colunms, and
tackling a wider array of subject matter.

Education and Training

B.A: Communication May 2006 George Mason University City , State Communication

als

Adobe Acrobat, Photoshop, develop content, Content management, Google Analytics, marketing manager, marketing materials, newsletter, press
rekases, Rehabilitation, tax law, Technical writing, training materials
