DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST

Summary

Digital marketing professional experienced in sales, marketing and account management. Google AdWords and Analytics certified with skills
including PPC/SEM, lead generation, analytics, SEO, social media, landing page optimization, and creative work. Out-of the-box creative
problem solver, capable of meeting deadlines under pressure. Detail oriented with exceptional commumication skills (verbalwritten).

Skills

CMebralivenrccnmasicany

* Search Engine Marketing

© Search Engine Optimization

© Social Media Marketing

schivor anes

06/2017 to Current

Digital Marketing Specialist Company Name i City , State

® Maintain clients' online presence, and ensuring that their products and services are effectively commumicated to their target audiences.
© Optimize advertising spending by implementing proper Adwords account structures, negative keywords, and A/B split testing,

© Use Google Analytics data to modify site content, achieve goals, and reach KPI's, including CPC, CTR, quality score, and ROI.

© Familiar with SEO strategies like competitive keyword research, dormin authority analysis, and link buikding,

UCSC Ne
AY (elem Hla Oey ie CHINA tis CR T/A OLN BECITA|(e

¢ Supervises and motivate team members to meet daily high standards of ckantliness, efficiency, and customer service at all times.
© Manage work schedules within established budgets for optimal store coverage.
* Monitor sales and labor cost issues daily with a goal to maximize profitability without sacrificing customer service.

09/2013 to 11/2015
Sales Representative Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Responsible for customer support, orders, and quotations via phone, fax, email, and person-to-person interaction.
© Meets and/or exceeds sales and profit goals by following up on sales leads, monitoring market trends and growing the positive reputation of
the company.

Education and Training

vA

Mt. San Antonio College 14 City , State

Ov

PTC Alc ee Ouheu@ lori @tL@LNmmsriCc)
