MEDIA SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Professional Summary

Rede Ro ue eon yes seg Lie CS Dr nase UL SECA ECE ys Lice Bua SeL Nia ce cet
me to work directly with senior level clients.A

This has involved traveling across the country installing hardware/software; as well as training/supporting clients in a high stress environment in the
television broadcast/automotive industries.

Tam not just looking for a specific position, but a company that promotes internal growth, rewards hard work, and is a place people are happy to
work at.

Sail

Active Directory, Automotive, computer hardware, hardware, client, clients, data management, DC, documentation, DNS, network cabling,
XML, features, file management, forms, FTP, Inspect, ventory, IP, Joumnalism, JSON, LAN, Law, notes, Managerial, meetings, Merchandising,
Excel, Microsoft Office prograns, office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, migration, network support, network, networking, Proofreading, Public
Speaking, quality assurance, Recording, Research, sales, software developers, Strategy, supervision, System Administration, telephone, phone,
Troubkshoot, web server, WAN

Skills
Ce Cesta cei)
¢ Conflict resolution © Client assessment and analysis
¢ Data management Cee Diras.onenmcite eee
© Client Facing PersonalityA De onsen teed. Wels
CMa or ecralto) © Strong verbal communication
© Hardware/Software Troubleshooting ¢ Self&motivated
© HelpDesk Support

Work History

Media Support Specialist Company Name 02/2017 - 05/2018

Daily Tasks Inspect, configure, and deploy new and upgraded personal computer equipment according to defined plans.
Travel to client locations across the country for training on products and installation of media hardware.

Respond to end-user calls and promptly apply proper operation of equipment and software.

Install, set up, repair, and replace network computer hardware/software.

Troubleshoot network solutions including, LANAVAN connections, TCI/IP communications, DNS configurations.

Minor experience with Active Directory, System Administration.

Performnetwork cabling installation, testing & configurations using networking testing equipment and termination took.
Collaborate with other computer and network support staff to solve complex computer and connectivity problems.
Maintain and enforce various forms of IT documentation, including software licensing, HW inventory and more.

Worked as a laison between development team and sales to cater products to clients/end users.

Provided quality assurance on software and implemented changes based on user habits and feedback.

Documented and tracked analytics of software usage to create profiles on customers to better engage current/fisture clients.
Minor experience with formatting and creating web technologies such as JSON/XML.

Accomplishments Worked with client feedback and software developers to implement new features that became standard in all fiture
software releases.

Developed new methods of acquiring hardware to reduce costs by half

Launched our products in some of the largest metro markets in the United States (NYC, DC, Philadelphia ect).

Migrated documentation froma previous administrations web server to our updated hosting service.

Redline Automotive Merchandising.

Technical Support Specialist

© Daily Tasks Compose and develop routine detailed internet listings using web based software Maintaining accurate and detailed contact
records with clients Ability to establish priorities, work independently, and proceed with objectives without supervision Establishes
communications on a regular basis with company manager and/or staffand clients Answer telephone calls and erik, review all messages,
and retum phone calls ina timely manner Manages inventory systems for clients data Training new employees on daily tasks, concepts and
the automotive industry Reviewing others work to meet company standards and to meet goak.

Go-to contact for large scale clients Acted as liaison between developers and clients Experience with FTP communication and fimetions.
Accomplishments Assisted with the migration of our previous data management system to a newly developed system

Recruited and trained staffs that have since been promoted to Managerial Tier 2 positions.

Reshaped the training tools to accommodate the remote workforce.

Tntem Company Name 02/2013 - 05/2013
