SCENES ENA G2 UI CP NG COLUM ENT NGIENS

schivor anes

11/2014 to 06/2017

DTG ALG Lee mas te Uclsa mae Slant Ck L OSES

Creative, analytical, problem solver responsible for developing, implementing and executing strategic marketing plans.
Ensure that marketing services are delivered efficiently and effectively, yielding positive ROI.

Manage the day-to-day ofon- projects, collaborating with team and clients, ensuring all projects meet deadlines.
Create, manage, design, and implement email campaigns, ensuring they align with strategy, branding and goals.
Manage emuil lists, segmenting for campaigns, and created an ongoing schedule of content.

Designed presentations, documents, marketing collateral and print, ensuring brand consistency.

Created annual editorial calendars based on clients' expectations and adapting strategies as needed.

Facilitate weekly client calls to discuss upcoming deliverables, website metrics and site analytics.

Created annual editorial calendars based on clients' expectations and adapting strategies as needed.

Project manage entire campaigns adhering to the editorial calendar for content creation, dates, and channels.

11/2014 to 07/2015
Marketing & Website Manager Company Narre i City , State

Developed and implemented, and coordinated marketing strategies across all marketing channels.

Enhance the brands online visility to engage with potential customers, gain customer acquisition, and increase brand awareness.
OateiremuveslLevicneeLaresmwiReecsiubteeee ge CMCC Care aici nomena manda ca breast

Responsible for all aspects of campaigns including development, design, launch.

Designed high quality, creative content to be used for print and online for visibility and brand recognition.

id orencienbocsii remem ienubir mines i cese OR Lanark ark ce

Optimized website for search engine performance to drive website traffic, and increase online visibility.

Strategized and implemented a marketing plan ensuring all plans were aligned across all platfonrs.

Oe aU UIP CRUI Uc iLeHIDe nnn eaicecalisaibee inmost slelcemueicicet la

08/2014 to Current
Digital Marketing & Branding Consultant Company Name i City , State

Assist a variety of clients to meet business objectives by buikding brand awareness, strengthening online presence and improving the
Pale RC IETS OMA ISSCReOLL HeLa Sen latecn

Provide clients with insights regarding promotions, branding, and strategies for marketing success.

ae eke rer cR WHE Lemire arene Lene etiaincaUnenciis| oi cce

Develop, design and manage all digital marketing campaigns.

Design and implement strategies to drive online traffic.

Review new and innovative strategies to ensure the clients are at the forefront of digital marketing.

Provide support and guidance with marketing, strategy development and impkmentation.

08/2012 to 06/2014
Teacher's Assistant Company Name it City , State

© Provide support for teacher, allowing maximum time for planning and teaching.

Worked alongside teacher to create and provide students with a positive, well-organized, finctional classroom for maximized instructional
tine.

Assist the teacher with implementing the daily curriculum and mangement of the chssroom

Supported lead teacher in creating a successfil learning environment.

Reinforce lessons by reviewing with student's one-on-one or in small groups.

PAUGM BRE aisle caer cece ROE b 9 om

Treated confidential information about students and staff in a professional and ethical manner.

Established and maintained a cooperative, supportive and effective relationship with all personnel.

Education and Training

12/2010

Bachelor of Arts : Elementary Education University of North Florida Elementary Education

07/2007

Associates In Arts : Elementary Education Florida Commumity College of Jacksonville Elementary Education

als

Adobe Creative Suite, advertising, Autormtion, branding, content, content creation, Customer Relationship Management, client, clients,
ecommerce, editorial, E-mail, email, fictional, marketing plan, Marketing Planning, marketing strategies, Marketing Strategy, marketing,
marketing collteral, personnel, presentations, problem solver, Project Management, quality, sales, strategy, strategy developmnnt, strategic
marketing, teacher, teaching, website, well organized, workshops

Activities and Honors

Strategic and creative marketing professional with experience in project management, strategy, creative design and email marketing used to
generate brand awareness and revenue using a variety of marketing channels designed to attract and keep custorrer relationships. *Expertise in
