CHIEF SYSTEM ARCHITECT, SVP SYSTEM INTEGRATION
Executive Profile

Over 25 years technical experience with software, hardware , manufacturing, OEM, product development, project management integration,
CPST sme ora e neste coese CM PTC Nie CES GMC enTe eee aun on mee Rea eRe OLN AS ACISS
Nomen ame ats ae a NOs MM eten crm ncaa bn ice] By oeks ence neg ites Palen essa tcMScet NA att
contract manufacturing, OEM manufacturing, and TV design and manufacturing,

My vast experience in different vertical markets, and different product types allows me to have the ability to work within any industry and be
extrencly effective for virtually any type of product, service, or system ona global scak. Executive, director and manger for many prominent
technology companies has given me a unique and deeply diversified background. All of this culminates into one of the most extensive technical and
business developrent related backgrounds for any marketplace, service or product type.

Along with the experience, comes long-standing relationships with top executives and key decision makers within the Fortune 500 companies,
enterprise companies, Tekco/CSP/Mobik service providers/operators, cable and satellite operators, advertising agencies, International
Governments, Government Ministries (communication, broadcast, and mobik), education, healthcare, research, entertainment , aerospace, and
technology companies ona global scale. My work has resulted in the generation of billions in revenue across my career.

Technical Experience: A

T have been designing and deploying medium to large scale digital media delivery systerms/networks for the past 20 years from private companies
to countrywide Government driven deployments. I have held titles such as CDO (Chief Digital Officer), CSO (Chief Strategy Officer), and CTO. I
have, 20+ years experience in designing, architecting, integrating, deploying and managing a wide variety of software, hardware, SaaS and Cloud
systems as well as various hybrid solutions. I have extensive product manufacturing, SKD, contract manufacturing, product design and
mmnagerent, project management, as well as implementing developer programs on a global scale. Expert knowledge in both hardware and
software based solutions, as well as end-to-end filly integrated solutions. Industry recognized expert in system architecture and design, including
cloud based systems, as well as storage and backup systerns. I have built technical teams ona global scale for system integration, field technical
support, technical support, and professional services. All of my experience is very HANDS ON experience. I have a tremendous, unmatched
passion for it, and ] amatways hands on in every system I design. I stay extremely current on all new technology, even new technology that has not
been introduced into the market yet. An added benefit to living in Silicon Valkey

Skill Highlights
© Project timeline management 5
Vast technical knowled:
* Product develop ment , ltanadeeneliicar -
ie Me a a ae © Troubkshooting proficiency
* Troubleshooting proficiency oe ee ere
‘i a, ig
" sasha rae © Digital content delivery system expert
© Vast technical knowledge © IPTV/OTT expert
, pean mane ica © Broadcast Systems expert
o Scag Sag ; , roan
i arses ook peared sonpeh: MOUS ere etna
. ba re a i « Accomplished with mobile devices
A PER Fooretioincsaoincs
* Excellent problem solving skills © Hardware and Software systems for content creation, contribution and distribution
POU Seem nccicncceccitan’ aren
CR Occ id ano nyeseemeaiicsinieay dee)
rn Pimoonanaussynorenecsce|
Core Accomplishments

© Designed and deployed some of the largest IPTV and OTT systems worldwide

¢ personally designed and deployed many major countrywide broadcast system internationally
© Considered one of the foremost experts in video/digital media based delivery systems

¢ 7 Tare Emmy Award winner 4 for technological achievement

Professional Experience
Oe ou encUmOh yop ourites
RT re ROROt ina Gor neh ces AOS MEI
