DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER
Core Qualifications

Window XP, Vista, 7.

Program languages: Lisp, HTML, SQL, Macros (VBA).

Software Products/Tools: Microsoft Word, Excel (Pivot table, Viookup, etc.), Access, PowerPoint,
Sharepoint, Salesforce, Google Analytics, IBM Coremetrics and

Microstrategy, Infoview, Basecamp, Youtube and Facebook Analytics,

Sitespect, SEO (working knowledge). Others: Statistic, Behavioral Psychology.

schivor anes
Digital Marketing Manager 08/2012 to 01/2016 Company Name City , State

Grew the combined SEM, disphy, retargeting and affiliate marketing channel by 15% in membership this past year.

Hence an increase of $20 million in life time value.

Launched acquisition and brand awareness marketing campaigns with marketing partners Affiliate, Retargeting, SEM Adwords, Facebook,
etc.) that were segmented by market.

Optimized campaigns across different channels by changing/adding keywords, creative, ad grouping, dna/cities, ad copies, bids, landing
Lema

to lower CPA and increase ROI.

Collaborated with pricing and creative teamand marketing partners to create/rephce creative that reflect marketing strategies.

Worked with marketing partners to understand & compete with competitors’ marketing strategies.

Maintained budgets and negotiated prices/bonuses with new/existing marketing partners.

Exported data from different marketing partners system

Used advance Excel to dissect data and create dashboards to highlight marketing campaigns (CPA, CPC, CPM).

Used PowerPoint to present KPI, ROI and recommendations to internal tears, executives and marketing partners.

Managed an associate to maintain and optimize campaigns across different channeb.

Created A/B and multivariate tests with Sitespect to find landing page/channel/messaging that generate the highest conversion rate.
Consequently increase conversion rate by 10%.

Analyzed web & marketing performance metrics such as CTR, Conversion Rate, purchase fimmel conversion rate, LTV, etc.

with IBM Coremetric and Google Analytics.

Affilate Marketing Manager 04/2009 to 07/2012 Company Narre City , State

Managed and monitored daily affiliate performance.

Ako optimized campaigns offen by changing creative, landing pages, offers, etc.

As a result generated 10% increase in revenue.

Negotiated with affiliate networks for optimal cost: base on CPC, CPM, CPA.

Used SiteCatalyst, Omniture to generate daily and weekly reporting & analysis to internal team and external partners.
Researched and built partnerships with new affiliates with high levels of relevant traffic.

Worked with creative team to design creative that is relevant to current events and seasons.

Managed A/B and multivariate tests to find the highest converting landing pages.

Analyzed historic performance with advance Microsoft Excel (Pivot table and Viookup) Developed new business models such as up selling,
redesigning creative and pop ups.

Collaborated with technical teams to resolve reporting, creative or application issues.

Business Intelligent Analyst 07/2006 to 04/2009 Company Narre City , State

Worked with multiple teams to increase call by 18% and revenue by 10% in past years.

Used SQL to mine data from multiple databases and tables.

Ako gathered data from Salesforce.

Built ad hoc report with Business Object - Infoview to highlight metrics: impressions, searches, clicks, CTR, revenue, etc.

Created a dashboard that collects raw data live without the delay of applying business rules Designed A/B testing to highlight the effects of
product enhancements or replacements.

Analyzed the results of A/B testing with advance Excel (Pivot table, Viookup, etc) and present KPI and forecast to team members and
management in PowerPoint.

Identified enhancements in existing online products to increase search relevancy and customer experience, as result increase in click through
rate (CTR) & more revenue.

Loan Processor/Analyst 07/2004 to 06/2006 Company Name City , State

Validated and verified loan application information.

Compared application information to Database.

Analyzed supporting docurentation on Automated Underwriting System
Reviewed loan application package for completeness and accuracy.

Reconciled application information against system input, comparing individual data.
Cakulted and analyzed debt to income ratio (ie.
