SENIOR DIRECTOR, PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
Career Overview
For twenty years, I've done product managerrent, product marketing, and business development in organizations from early stage start-up to large,
publicly traded companies. Common in every rok at every company is finding success through a lser-like focus on the business needs of
customers. With over a decade of online media experience, I remain fascinated by the intersection of media creation, distribution, consumption,
and monetization. The revolution is still in the early stages, and increasing consumer control over what they watch and listen to will have broad-
ranging impact over who makes money in this ecosystem, and how. Planning and building the enabling technologies is what I love.
Qualifications

© Strong analytical skills

Oa rcclena rc) orkid es ec

© Knowledge of streaming video platforms

© Customer Needs and Requirements Management
© Shipping quality software on time

Aug oanan at acs
Senior Director, Product Management Aug 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

ReverbNation is the kading online platform for independent musicians, where emergingA Artists build their careers through online marketing tools
and industry opportunities.

CM Cached rain scmt rere meer Woe

© Managed, designed, and released first-ever mobil responsive version of the productA

* Conducted extensive user testing on multiple iterationsA

© Analyzed key performance indicators to drive new opportunities and identify product problems

VP, Digital Media Solutions Jul 2012 to Jul 2013
Company Name i City , State

Brightcove (NASDAQ: BCOV) nukes the leading Online Video Platform, powering the internet video eflorts of major media companies,

Praleea Mat Cay eeCMEI DCR UUUC Oem

© Delivering over a billion videos a month, Brightcove's mission is to publish and distribute the world's professional media.

¢ As VP of Media Solutions, I developed and executed upon a strategic vision aimed specifically at delivering solutions for media companies
across all verticals: cable and broadcast networks, TV operators, film studios, music labels, newspapers, magazines, and pure digital
psec ues

© Developed media segmentation and marketing mp to define target market, buyer personas, prospect needs, and core messaging.

Created industry-specific solutions combining partner technologies, Brightcove services, and core product to address requirements as varied

as mobile advertising, live ad insertion, and connected TV apps.

Worked closely with CTO and VP of Product to research and prioritize product and partner features.

Collaborated with senior sales to develop winning pitches and proposals.

Consulted with customers to evaluate current practices and advise on areas of technical and business improverment.

Designed and executed industry event presence including solution messaging, product demps, and presentations.

Authored white papers, blog posts, contributed articles, and industry presentations.

Crafled media strategy track for the company's annual user conference, Brightcove PLAY, including presenting and moderating relevant

Res im

Director, Technology Partnerships Jan 2009 to Jun 2012
Company Name i City , State

* As creator of the dominant Onlme Video Platform, Brightcove's value to customers is intertwined with the ability for other technologies to
build on top of it.

© Working with various internal stakeholders and a small team, I created and implemented Brightcove's Technology Partner program, which

currently boasts over 200 participants across more than a dozen categories.

Designed, built, and implemented Brightcove's Technology Partner program

Recruited more than 60 partners across eight categories for program lunch,

Developed legal, business, and technical framework for managing partnerships.

Negotiated strategic partner deals to drive customer value, partner value, and revenue to Brightcove.

Impknented processes for parer onboarding, management, and prioritization.

Introduced key partners into customer accounts to solve specific business needs.

Director, Ad Products Oct 2006 to Dec 2008
Company Name i City , State

¢ [joined Brightcove to bring discipline to the product development and rekase process and to run all aspects of Brightcove's video
Pe icheconecy corm rence vem el lucw On rcteg mine eeOenaceclmr (cet branie le

* Designed, specified, and prioritized all advertising-related features for development team to build.

¢ Conducted customer visits, interviews, and usability studies for feature development and prioritization.

© Introduced Scrumas a development framework, leading to a more reliable and repeatable software release scheduk.
