SENIOR DIGITAL PRODUCER/MULTIMEDIA SPECIALIST

Summary

Seasoned digital journalist with 17 years of experience in digital communications to include marketing initiatives, email campaigns, event planning,
ic raoiicne nis a uave len et Metoou acc iMcn tl LCn Clam uUTemo Une neiunl Ry cesiodranm@mcnercruct@beuchatoincs
and Post 9/11 veteran with over 20 years of leadership experience in the United States Air Force Reserve.

Highlights

* Photography/digital video background : paienri ne A

© Experience with Final Cut Pro and Adobe Creative Cloud - non-linear editing x Pate nnn ane

CR Qu ontutcloe en es erent ag °G an ioe ao ;

© Copyediting and proofreading ro en transportation

© Graphic design ¢ Global Les

* CSS, XML, HTML, js Se tly

Pee sinabesnr rr tirelr ete © Project Beaten and work flow planning

© Data visualization « Cargo ps

Peer brrsitay © Secret security ckarance

CM Festina tema oeiinans

Accomplishments

Redeployed over 10,000 Air Force personnel and 50,000 short tons of cargo out of Iraq in support of Operation New Dawn and Afghanistan in
RT OU Re HETIL POLUnnia sod oLOn Pah taneciaecl teh mec ened eben ininmiim ie ice (con esmi ca Canp erie Dela ice
Logistics Agency personnel as well as personnel swap-outs at the US Embassy in Baghdad. Received the Meritorious Service Medal for these
Plecerreliiiipaicy

schivor anes
Senior Digital Producer/Multimedia Specialist
November 1998 to February 2016 Company Name - City , State

¢ Created, curated and managed the digital content for 24 community news websites and special niche pages/sites under the urbrella of

www.thisweeknews.com and columbusparent.com

Produces digital video projects for both news and sports stories from concept to delivery.

Produced award-winning digital video projects and special series with multiple installments.

Serves as conmumity manager for ThisWeek's various Social Media outlets/channels on YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram

Bina deen

Performs data analysis/metrics via Adobe Onmiture/Chartbeat and Google Analytics

Served as project manager for multiple CMS platform conversions and site redesigns over the past 8 years from planning, development,

design, QA through to launch and production.

Optimizes news and sports content with outside Inks, maps, slideshows, multimedia presentations and video for SEO and TOS.

Works closely with news editors and managers to achieve daily digital goab.

Produces digital content to optimize the user experience by being attentive to live web metrics and user experience best practices.

Enhances the news content with outside links, maps and slideshows.

Builds out special sections and site features to enhance coverage and increase user engagement.

Works with sales department to create niche sites, contests, polls and other initiatives that require web/print content

integration/enhancement.

© Works with news staff to plan, structure, report, edit and write news and information content to include the facilitation of print content to
web and vice versa.

© Coordinates with news editorial and technical staff to facilitate the migration of multimedia content to new media platforms, including video,
audio, still photos and graphics.

NCOIC Logistics Readiness Flights, (MSgt.)
February 1988 to July 2013 Company Name - City, State

© Deployed as the Logistics Plans Superintendent for the 386 Air Expeditionary Wing, Ali Al Salem AB from December 2011 to June 2012.

© Redeployed over 10,000 Air Force personnel and 50,000 short tons of cargo out of Iraq in support of Operation New Dawn and
Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom

© Served as facility manager for a 8,000 square-foot passenger terminal and supervised eight Airmen on two shifts to provide 24/7 combat

support operations.

Analyzed war plans on a regular basis to determine Air Expeditionary Force (AEF) taskings.

Monitored mobility equipment status to ensure deployment readiness.

Developed and supervised preparation of logistics annexes for operations plans and orders, programming plans, and general support,

Coilnncee ate Roa coms) sce

Monitored and resolved logistics limiting factors.

Prepared, evaluated, and supervised all aspects of deployrrent planing, dispersal, sustaimrent, recovery, reconstitution, exercises, and

logistics support procedures.
