RF NB DCB EY DCI NM VME REN

BS ania}

Business Tools: SAAS, Microsoft Access, Excel, Word, Power Point, InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Salesforce, Quicken
schivor anes

OCR or @tievang

Sales Representative Company Narre it4 City , State

Responsible for the day-to-day relationship management of over 40 unique clients regarding planning, production, marketing, sales and
distribution of Josten's yearbook program.

© Key priorities include maintaining current account volume of over 700k and developing new business from potential prospects.

© Project manage the life cycle of customers yearbook program, including idea generation, production deadlines, marketing campaigns, pricing
structures, budget responsibilities, shipping schedules, sales goals and distribution.

Utilize saksforce to log customer communication and update targeted new business pipeline.

Develop partnerships and grow Josten's market share by leading effectively as the trusted main point of contact with schoo! administration,
school organizations, teachers, students, coaches and parents.

Support school missions by implementing educational programs surrounding school pride, anti-bullying, student-teacher recognition and
commitments to achievement,

© Doubled new account volume growth YoY when compared to previous rep performance in sare timeframe.

Currently at 50% to goal for 2017 new business.

720 PCR NC)
Digital Media Sales Representative Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for the day-to-day relationship management of over 60 unique clients regarding online advertising for our dealer partners.
apn restcmive hucccasr Hitcelicaaenence amend sce Lav BU Pee NOT EO otra p UU UC Ce

Convert prospective dealer principals to clients by selling Cars.com online ad packages/ancillary products.

Analyze and consult dealer principals on best way to allocate their advertising budget through a competitive SEO/paid searclvtraditional
printbroadcast media analyses to identify opportunity.

Coach dealerships on best practices during sales interactions Conducted monthly marketing reviews with dealer partners on audience
oan eee

¢ Consulted with dealer partners on best practices to improve click through rates.

Negotiated largest individual sale to date for Cars.com Philadelphia (May 2013).

Presidents Club-Exceeded 2013 sales goal by 228% Awarded Top Digital Media Representative for new volume growth(2013) Awarded
Top Cars 360 net unit sales certificate of Achieverrent (2013).

08/2011 to 08/2012
otro met) coe Qoceilo a Qerr ec a NCI aL ALOIS MCI HI(c)

© Responsible for the day-to-day relationship management of over 20 unique clients regarding polypropylene accounts.

Key priorities include management of daily communication between supply chain, account managers, transportation, accounting, and
compliance departments solving a wide variety ofad-hoc requests.

Appointrrent by upper management to handle "Strategic National Accounts" - the largest and most profitable Braskem accounts requiring
an elevated and special course of interaction and attention.

Critical analysis of customer purchase orders, ensuring accuracy and alignment with forecasting of client's previously projected needs as well
as adjusting future forecasts.

* Forecasting client requirements, such as production schedules, future customer POs, and inventory reports.

¢ Analyzing the data and providing recommended solutions to the client on a month-to-month basis.

© Developed a bi-monthly account analysis model showcasing customers forecasts against orders booked, validating variances to ensure
accurate forecasting,

Based on the value recognized by Braskem, this is has been adopted companywide for Braskem NA.

© Lead analyst in creation of prospecting survey for Braskenis in National Plastics Exposition 2012.

SPU RCE 7207 6 |
RE Ver eB Gln calewaccnt a Genes SHAN Teen R Os mms

© Create marketing materials for home sales and assist with open house showings.

Assist in the preparation of comparative marketing analysis to obtain new clients.

© Increase client base by developing relationships with current clients through various online media outkts.
© Staffnew construction sites and assist in developing marketing for new homes.

brairestbeny

May 2010

Bachelor of Science : Marketing International Business SMEAL Colkge of Business, Pennsylvania State University i City , State , Spain GPA:
GPA3.5 Dean's List Member of Alpha Lambda Delta, Honors Academie Club (April 2007 - May 2009) Marketing International Business
Skills

accounting, Adobe Photoshop, ad, advertising, analyst, broadcast, budget, bi, Coach, com, competitive, conversion, client, clients, educational
