VICE PRESIDENT, DIRECTOR OF CLIENT SERVICES, DIGITAL
RStarenetag

Creative, hands-on Marketing professional with experience across industries including Consumer Packaged Goods, Human Resources, Financial
Services and Information Technology. Abie to communicate effectively as a lnison between creative, technical and business personnel.
Demonstrated success in solving communication and technical problems through creative solutions. Recognized for streamlining processes and
fostering teamwork. Expertise includes: Brand Management Copywriting Interactive Marketing Web Design Collateral Development Business
Pro oereolcum olson ene Oana Noa v aces ooo] PSone esata

Highlights
Cr ccorisnsnsainan’ CPE Otsonemcayeceus atic
¢ Direct marketing campaigns ¢ Digital advertisng
¢ Mobik marketing ¢ Project management
© Superior writer and editor © Go-to-market strategy development
© Cross-fimctional teamieadership © Competitive analysis
Experience
Vice President, Director of Client Services, Digital Oct 2005 to Current
(Ooi ote Nolnea LOL NmENT IC

TrercsnceRatalr emer oodeainrenulpecudnesierscelai ccs

Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.
Spearheaded the creation of blogs and social media content.

PS alecm amen beTanethes yey licy ecw ete) (cal alice

Collaborated with marketing and commumications teams on standardization, design and production of marketing materials.
Promoted brand awareness through SEO optimization and attractive web design.

Wrote creative and engaging briefS for internal and external agencies.

PACU aH o mn PAU eee OR@iTacatg

Company Name i City , State Facilitated multiple marketing and promotional engagements for CPG clients, Evaluated performance of online
Coulee Ren Laceco lcd abcom recede heron mul back cnmttlct reece olla minnie nama cameland
stakeholders, Clients included Cadbury Adams, Church & Dwight, Manischewitz and Johnson and Johnson. Managed aspects of'a major national
CUES CMTC O cco tts ee Paues enantio pone cim anes!
development of interactive media and print advertisements including FSIs. Established website performance benchmarks, dashboards and
methodologies for usability testing and trend analysis. Supported Yahoo and AOL online campaigns which contributed to a 300% increase in
traffic to the brand website. Identified and created strategic partnerships for Intemet-based promotions, oflline events and sweepstakes.

PAcoet el ciitt om elu malin}

COO IAN nen YL OSM HIC!

Facilitated multiple marketing and promotional engagements for CPG

clients, Evaluated performance of online campaigns and optimized
effectiveness, Formed relationships with, and ensured the appropriate
participation and satisfaction of key client stakeholders. Clients

included Cadbury Adams, Church & Dwight, Manischewitz and Johnson and
Johnson,

&€¢ Managed aspects ofa major national campaign involving radio,
print, concert tours and intemet extensions for Dentyne in conjunction
ect e@ oso ncinuerane

Flo a eo cthlockuuasenanleesnonuines cere s yg
advertisements including FSI's,

a€¢ Established website performance benchmurks, dashboards and
