DIRECTOR IT CLIENT SERVICES FILMS & OPERATIONS AND TECHNICAL SERVICES WEST COAST

Executive Profile

Thave over 20 years of experience in Information Technology spanning from Entertainent, Intemet, Healthcare, Automotive, and Banking
Industries. I managed staff in cach of these industries doing everything from budgeting, staffing, planning, and installations and managing day-to-day
operations. I coordinated and setup infrastructure in house and remote events. I have done M&A of major companies such as ESPN, ABC
Family, Touchstone Television and most recently DreamWorks Animations. Good with analytic and financial skill I have a Master of Science in
Computer Information Systems and I am ITIL certified.

[Ov erGon earn)
eed Dales a Ra Self-motivated, flexible, hands-on approach and able to work ina fast paced
Postale ead ponrennny

Ce sreivmnehibesleikccntimeraiads , 5 os ,
Team oriented and ability to work well under pressure. an amneaein x celta application delivery, as wellas

Strong interpersonal and communication (written and FU aOR oe eeccranian i ANU LCe mre nt cays) ete

Nia Ph eeco aes ttt
* Ability to establish priorities, developed timelines, and deparim neuen sical sieecisaaain ane
Ses Strong presentation and communication skill
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Director of IT Services (Operation CIO) and first ever head of NFL Network IT department since its inception and national launch in late
2003.A I reported directly President and CEO Steve Bomstein.

Built NFL Network from the ground up which included the creation and execution of architecture of the data center, Voice over IP (VoIP)
company telephony system, Video Conférence systems, key architect of NFL Network IT infrastructure, in charge of vendor contract
negotiation and management, established OEM procurement agreements for hardware and software assets.

T oversaw and managed all aspects of NFL Network's studio and remote shows technical operations, managed IT staffin charge of
Parra eeE nine nratckar nea WM ice cake Pee eae coer e ah g Nour ear een Pae ed ron ke ah Esr is)
programming that includes NFL Total Access, NFL GameDay Moming, NFL GameDay Final, Around the League Live and Path to the
Draft.

O}al vere CU Umerlrekeolatm nesta eNO cee Lam MillintO eR cece billet eed ne M inci aie ccmrccad
procurement, and establishment of'a data center.A I was a key architect in the creation of the NFL Network, which is now producing over
1 billion dollar in annual subscription revenue.

I created and oversaw deployment ofa new company-wide inventory asset tracking system for TV Production.A Led to a $2 million cost
avoidance per year.

3.
Es
a
Fs
a=}
a
a
2
fd
ft
FI
avd
a
fon
8
cam
3
Es
5
3
&
ES
Es
3
F
%
Es
g
Fa
—7
a
Bs
a
re
c7s%
ES
[—]
8S
Ro

© Impkmented video encoding process for on demand delivery AAA A AA AA Completed RFPs and ERP, Vendor Managerent.
© Coordinated and installed Infrastructure and Operations for 12 consecutive Super Bows.

Professional Experience

10/2015 to 11/2016

Director IT Client Services Fits & Operations and Technical Services West Coast Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsible for overseeing the team that provides technical support for West Coast Operations & Technical Services as well as Universal
Pictures clients both domestically and abroad.A This included communications and support for end users, their applications, and their
Coe nts a cow CE Dilantorme de ronacanr cece Brreesecdty | eo RL cU Pn ROUEN SM CE em ac ceuesLely
BiB Col ley ee ene ach reese OSes A Worked to integrate DreamWorks desktop and laptops equipment as
part of a 3.8 billion dollar acquisition.A Oversaw Broadcast teamas well as postproduction.A Worked with digital rights and content
distributions,

04/2014 to 10/2015
Director IT Client Services NBC Entertainment and TV Production Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for overseeing the team that provides technical support for NBC Entertainments, NBC Distribution, Universal Cable
Productions and Universal TV Productions clients dorrestically and abroad, as well as communications with, end users for their computing
devices and the applications that run on those devices.

I created an inventory control system to better track our assets as well as global naming convention for company assets.

Manage business-aligned client services team, which included technical lead, team coordinator, and data analysts.

Maintain solid business relationships with vendors, and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and intemal chain of command.
Communicated and provided bi-weekly update and monthly reports regarding overall health of client services support along with status of
Leb intake rice ORO Cet cdgel@anetiocmotnaratecs

Identified, documented, and maintained list of department leaders & key business contacts with the application and inffastructure leaders of
the company.

* Maintain solid application, infrastructure, client services, and corporate relationships.

Attended application staff meetings and fimction as a dotted-line report for all responsibilities.
