VICE-PRESIDENT DATA AND MARKETING TECHNOLOGY
Professional Summary

Thelp media companies succeed with digital products and customer experiences. My passion is helping people and organizations transform, grow,
and thrive with a unique mix of strategy, marketing, product, and technology leadership. This expertise has been developed over twenty years
spent building successful digital busmesses and products - across the work.

als
© Team leadership
© Budgeting and finance
* Process implementation
© Project management

© Staffdevelopment
© Strong verbal communication
Cie cuhoneygesesiirsae

Work History
04/2017 to Current
Vice-President Data and Marketing Technology Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Driving evolution of the firm into a data-driven marketing company, leading the design and delivery of data-driven products, services,
strategies, and platfors.

© Setting the strategy and direction for a newly formed Data Division whik hitting ambitious growth targets.

© Leadership of in-house startup Orchestrate, which is a marketing finnel automation and lead nurturing platform for B2B markets that
capitalizes on content marketing,

© Leading full life cycle product development for data & data-driven products, including market research, positioning, processes, and
technology.

© Acting as product owner for data and martech across all platfons in our Agile processes.

« Ensuring compliance with data privacy legislation fimetioning as Data Protection Officer.

ee Ronee ee)
Vice-President Digital Media Company Name a€* City , State

Responsible for shaping and executing product vision and strategy and driving digital business transformation.

Led product managerrent, digital marketing, and digital strategy.

ese eps) eC E em be Lcce RWB rl etme MUU NCR Cm tam ire en nema ud nce mye inlet ulnl Bes Lecm
Led product development, market research, digital strategy, intemal digital consulting, web production, online marketing, video production,
Pie RinectoNmnrslesicatreiia

Founded and co-ked an in-house business startup at the junction of marketing technology, machine learning, and data.

Led extensive market research and co-wrote business plan.

Key contributor to the company’s strategic plan known as Vision 2020.

thon csp genet iow Sl ienwcia rare muLCa ic Leno

Drove CMS impkenentation projects to move 100 web sites to new CMS.

OTR Cr teu 8 |
Director of Product Management Company Name a€“ City , State

© Inthis role, I built a world-class product management organization focused on customer-driven imovation,

© Designed and implemented a new product development process which improved strategic alignment and sped the flow of new products
through the pipeline, as well as leveraging innovation across all divisions.

© Grew digital sakes 60% and web traffic 50% the first full year in position, with strong >50% annual growth the following two years.

* Led digital product sales growth of 10x in eight years.

© Developed key mutrics to drive the strategic and tactical goals and managed a product portfolio across multiple vertical markets.

© Drove implementation ofagile product development processes that improved quality & results.

CO Fedeleee om Ue brd
Global Process Expert; Senior Manager CRM Company Narre 4€“ City , State

« Drove mujor initiatives for database marketing, CRM, market sensing, data quality, and lead management resulting in significant sakes growth
and strategic advantage.

© Led sales process initiative to integrate a new division of 500 salespeople that resulted in significant business improvement and sales
pietneanrecn

© Responsible for driving positive change and measurable improvement of marketing and sales processes in North America, including
implementation across 1,100 salespeople and multiple IT systems.

© Ovwned customer data and related processes, led improverrents in data gathering, creation, and sourcing processes resulting in achieverrent
of Hilt?s top rating globally in data quality.

03/2002 to 12/2004
Global E-Business Channel Manager Company Name a€“ City , State
07/2001 to 08/2002
