IMPLEMENTATION CONSULTANT
Summary
Results-oriented digital marketing professional with a background in project management and digital advertising. Experienced with various ennil
phtforms (Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Adobe Campaign) dedicated to driving customer satisfaction through highly-customized emuil software
impkenentations. Works closely with other members of the intemal project team and external client teams. Leads client calls to uncover solution
requirements, writes and presents requirements documentation to the client, configures and presents the software configuration to the client, and
trains clients to enable them on Salesforce Marketing Cloud and its various components.

Skills

InDesign, Quark XPress, Acrobat, Photoshop, Illustrator, Freehand, Pagemaker, Microsoft Word, Publisher, Excel, Power Point, Pitstop, Quite
POD eum bre cm gaint ewaCtice

schivor anes

11/2013 to Current

impkerentation consultant Company Name

© Certified trainer in Salesforce Marketing Cloud, experienced in training extemal client teams on various components of Salesforce
Marketing Cloud, either virtually or in person.

Knowledgeable in Salesforce Marketing Cloud components including Emuil Studio, Marketing Cloud Connect integration, MobikeConnect,
ASlesreamsini« om MQuiicla@ sil uowre mato uenems lees Rte Lem

CRBs uit cso ceRuen cd

CEP Uris liccoe eNO) MOR Cke Lon ecsOmsrl cS MMe Cl elie OL eRe Nba ice
documentation Experienced in writing requirements documentation and crafting teclmical solutions and designing flow diagrams for clients to
achieve their ennil marketing campaign requirements utilizing Microsoft Word, Visio and Excel.

Keeps record of project requirement changes by updating the requirements docurrentation throughout the project.

Provides test plans to the client for UAT to assist them in testing the configured solution.

English major who enjoys writing in any form

Leadership Leads client calls to effectively keep projects moving forward while minimizing scope creep and managing client expectations,
Pb ogeluce rena caiibecethntlicuenc ele) ia

software impkerentations and web technologies/technical abilities Aptitude for software trouble shooting Experienced in web technologies
and coding HTML, CSS and SQL Familiar with WordPress and Dot Net Nuke frameworks Familiarity with relational data and data
management Consults with new and existing clients to implement solutions and perform initial configurations for their Salesforee Marketing
Cloud or Adobe Campaign ennil software and campaign solutions, with specialization in Salesforce Marketing Cloud.

Leads consultative engagements which include discovery calls and solution walk throughs with the client's marketing focused business tearns
to define, implement or review the configuration of their technical and business-related communication needs.

Crafis project docurrentation which details the client’s unique business requirements and email software solution configurations, which
include data segmentation and various automtions aimed at automating and creating complex client configuration solutions.

© Provides quality assurance via solution testing and the creation and execution of configuration test plans.

© Provides client support during go live phase of the project, and performs ongoing support based on SOW requirements.

Asa certified trainer in Salesforce Marketing Cloud, conducts virtual or onsite training for clients on the email platform or various
applications within the Salesforce Marketing Cloud platform

Experienced with various applications and integrations in SFMC, including Emuil Studio, Marketing Cloud Connect, Journey Builder,
Contact Builder, Salesforce.com, and Advertising and Social Studio.

© Identifies project risks and issues and presents alternatives to the internal team or the client team to alleviate or resolve them.

© digital media program manager | indico | july 2012 to november 2013.

within budget for NACS Media Solutions and its subsequent name change of indiCo.
© This included coordinating resources such as team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver programs
Biomed on semi LeB untae Dati emre wea
Assisted in finalizing contracts and negotiated project deliverabks and timelines with stakeholders and vendors.
Responsible for defining project objectives, success metrics, and overseeing quality control throughout each project's life cycle with the goal
of creating a sustainable profitable business model.
Managed the Grow Custom initiative and co-created a marketing, messaging and sponsorship package for the initiative.
® Contributed to the writing, layout, and content of the Guide to Custom, the Grow Custom initiative's informational piece, which has sold
more than 2,000 copies to NACS members.

by deadline and transmitted to creative personnel in a timely manner to facilitate creation of the digital and print pieces.
Coordinated and performed some technical processes required for implerrentation related to the ingestion, testing, format revision,

Promoted to Digital Media Program Manager for Indico, where I planned, executed, and finalized projects according to strict deadlines and

Sok sponsorships, ads and advertorials to vendors and publishers, and worked with sponsors to ensure that content and ads were received

distribution and output of print-on-demand and digital files contributed to the NMS and indiCo network, and contributed to developrent of

the digital and print-on-dermand interface tools that support file access and distribution.

Created content around the Print on Demand and Grow Custom initiatives on the NACS Media Solutions website and Facebook site, and
maintained the NACS Media Solutions company website using Dot Net Nuke.

Updated and maintained other company websites for various NACS divisions using HTML, CSS and Dot Net Nuke.

01/2011 to 06/2012
Heil prettseseesticg Beep ie uelcne Leis)

¢ Managed the Print on Denmnd nroiect and imnlemented the technical nmocesses related to nrint-on-demand and digital files for NACS
