TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER
Summary

Tama PMP certified marketing, technical, and research project manager. I currently work as a teclmical and research project manager at PMA
WRG MAN d cel erce ere toe.

© User ResearclyTesting and Product Planning
© UX Design and Graphics Design

© Web Developnent and Technical Software Creation

* Online Campaigns (Marketing Strategy and Asset Creation)

¢ SEO, Analytics, and other data points.

4€d have a current Project Managerment Professional certificate and am working towards my Agile Project Managerrent certificate and my IIBA
Business Analyst certification.

Thave not just lead projects, I am also experienced in production in the following areas:

HS rnacremcnmeae yeni en’

UX and Graphics Design for Web sites
SEO and Keyword Research
Piste m Maemo amine a tet

alg

Project Management (Including Agile Methodologies)

© 2.5 Years of WorkFront Experience (As well as JIRA, Trello, * Microsoft Office, with high proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Slack, and others) * Adobe Analytics Inmplerrentation and Measurement Proficiency
© &€davascript, PhP, Html(Css, VBA, Multiple libraries (query, * A Capable of writing User Research scripts and Testing plans
Fviut tena * Conducting Focus groups, usability tests, surveys, and other
¢ Marketing Strategy for audience definition and strategy to tactics testing methods.
Baya ees
Aug oanan at acs

Technical Project Manager May 2017 to Current

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Lead all technical projects for PMA Media Group and it's AU credit card division. This includes both internal and client facing technical solution
creation--From finance department tools creation to client facing web services creation.A

Thave ako started to help PMA Media implement a scrum process for all technical development, with an agi approach to user discovery.
Project Manager - Digital Marketing/Web Aug 2014 to May 2017

Company Name i City , State

Lead projects that included:

© Web Developrent and Website Content Creation
© User ResearclAnalytics/Testing/SEO

© UX Design and Graphics Design

© Campaign Marketing Strategy and Asset Creation

This included the management of the creation of many of FamillySearch.org's campaigns; including Pioneer campaign, Meet my Grand,
Freedmen's Bureau and more.

Digital Media Analyst Jan 2014 to Jul 2014

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Worked with clients to determine Business Requirements and KPIs for their digital products. We would create measurement strategies for their
websites, apps, email campaigns, and social channels. This was mostly done in Adobe Analytics, ClickTale, and Localytics, but sometimes in
[Cee wath Leon alll

This included both report creation as well as code implementation.

Content Publisher and Front End Developer Sep 2013 to Jan 2014

Company Name i City , State Working with clients and an in house content management system, I would create web pages with some custom
style. I would also collaborate on marketing strategy behind cach page being created.

Language Technical Writer Mar 2013 to Sep 2013

Company Name 14 City , State I translated Finnish language bank documents to English and created simple web pages out of themusing
HTMUCSS and sone JavaScript.

Accomplishments

Project Management Professional Certification - March 2016

Project Highlights

© RootsTechorg: A hitps/Avww.rootstech.org/ (Project Management, Marketing Strategy, Agile Based Sprint Workflow)
BEE OH QI BLLeROcL ie Pe O HU AAs Seca tilecdteai era (ec) oasis cre Gi Cenc esiin Leap)
© Multiple Sections on Lds.org and FamilySearch.org: A https/Avww.ids.org/?lang=eng,A htips:/familysearch.org/
