CO-CEO, THE "JILL-OF-ALL-TRADES"
Willing to relocate closer to the company.
Summary

Hands-on Producer effective at bringing projects froma concept to a reality. Expert i persomnel and project management with a passion for
overseeing an entire production ofa great idea morphing it into a great, inspiring and entertaining film, short, or music video.

Sumnnry of Skils
Freelance media production crew member with both on-set and office experience. Extensive experience DSLR's & lighting equipment.

Taknted at creating, producing, supervising and budgeting a diverse range of network and independent productions. Detai- orientated and
committed to creating high-quality finished products.

Skilled editor with a background in Final Cut Pro 7/X and Adobe Software. Experienced in development, production and post-production with a
strong sense of grasping visual aesthetics.

Excels at relationship- building organization and making sound judgment under pressure and within tight deadlines.

Production Experience
09/2013 to Current
Co-CEO, The "Jil-of-all-Trades" Company Name - City , State

* Create budget forms, call sheets, production schedules, find/hire human and material resources, the liaison between production team and
client, conduct research for project, department and company, rent/buy production gear and equipment to ensure high-quality shoots.
Produce, Edit, Direct, Write and Film digital media content for website, includes Movies, Music Videos, Short-Filns, etc.

Updates Social Media pages such as YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.

Take online courses to better the company such as "Branding & Growing A Following through Social Media”.

Create unique and inspirational concept videos to brand to target audience (13-35ycars old).

Create and manage the D.R-E.A.M website: www.dreamprods.com

Make unique and colorfill graphics for website and social media outkts via Photoshop or Illustrator A-

Organize and produce events, films, shoots, workshops and art showcases, such as D.R.E.A.M theWORKSHOOT Series A-
Brand D.R.EA.M's message and purpose as a company A-

CERT Cp Tree Mme orca cleat oe

The Iiison to anyone and any company who wants to connect with DREAM.

Train incoming intems and employees

08/2015 to 08/2015
AC & Crew Member Company Name - City , State

© Colkborated with team leadership and other key stakeholders on key editing and production decisions.
© Operator Canon EOS Camera to capture Music Video.

© Give artistic and visual perspective to capture cinematic purpose and storytelling.

© Location scouting and storyboarding.

© Draffed film budgets and monitored expenditures.

© Set up equipment for production day; lights, camera, music, etc.

08/2014 to 08/2014
Production Crew Member (Contract-Hire) Company Name - City , State

Answering and directing phone calls.

Fa eucabomte nse encoder bisteuuem eve) Kuesbnratic Lem lrnetma em

Maintaining office, craft service, office supplies, assisting the wardrobe crew, the A.D, and Producer.
Distributing NDA's and ensuring signature of production crew members.

Assistant with the breakdown of the set.

Cir vectige ca cian kel

09/2013 to 08/2014
Multimedia Intern Company Nan - City , State

© Film, direct and edit events on campus; Commencements, Conferences, Open House, Convocations, etc.
