DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER.

Summary

10 years of experience with both agency and client side experience. Strong written & presentation skilk, creative & strategic thinking, and
analytical skills with the ability to operate at both the strategic and tactical levels. Along with excellent time-management and project-managerment
SIGE be dipole Mum colnecal clad cecccete teenie lOmin Wlbei@tislecaa hance

Highlights

Mac and PC; Microsoft Windows and Vista; Microsoft Office; Smartpath, Project Tracker, SharePoint, JIRA, Tempo, Google Analytics,
SearchMart, Search Light, Kenshoo, SEOMoz, Google Adwords, AdRoll

schivor anes

Digital Marketing Manager 11/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

Responsibke for planning, optimizing, implementing and analyzing natural and paid search engine marketing activities; aligning top-to-bottom
management of our pay-per-click (PPC) and search engine optimization (SEO) activities.

Manage a team of 5 employees.

Develop and maximize the sales fimnel process from audience to acquisition to grow revenue.

Drive sustainable revenue growth trajectory and ensures positive retumn on investment while keeping an eye on managing above and below
the Ine performance goals Execute integrated marketing plans to build brand awareness and acquire new customers using digital marketing,
Help drive overall Content Marketing strategy for Lead Gen Programs.

Influence Social Media Marketing Strategies to help generate ROI through all channeb.

Measure, test and optimize acquisition campaigns to drive new revenue, ensure acceptable ROI, conversion and lifetime value metrics.
Responsible for all budget management associated with SEM.

Manages all relationships with external vendors.

Provide digital marketing thought leadership to organization.

Stay current on research and emerging trends - clearly communicating an impact of changes and new developnents.

Develop and facilitate training sessions to grow knowledge across SEO, PPC and Digital Marketing Develop best practice guides around
Ea

Develop and implement process guidelmes across Global Marketing Organization.

Digital Marketing Manager 02/2012 to 11/2012 Company Name City , State

Primary owner of strategic planning, development and execution of critical marketing programs including but not limited to SEO, PPC,

I Deray Oo one enccticdeceueltice

Responsible for developing the overall emuil strategy that best meets the business needs; this includes email frequency, emuil address
management, ermail subject lines and coordination of various tests as identified by the segmentation and media teams.

Testing includes offers, customer segmentation, creative and messaging.

Conduct research and analysis to prioritize all initiatives based on opportunity and business priority alignment.

Increase traffic, revenue and business acquisition through paid and natural search.

Owns all relationships with extemal vendors Lead internal cross-fimctional team and extemal vendor partners in completing project activities
CmUerTremuainebsbeLam

Oversees invoicing for all vendors Collaborate with key fictional areas to evaluate performance and provide recommendations Manages 4
direct reports to facilitate timely completion of projects.

Prepare and communicate both regular and ad hoc reporting on online marketing performance.

Independently works with business stakeholders to identify KPIs, develop dashboard or scorecard reports and interprets metrics to deliver
sounds, data driven recommendations.

Provide opportunities for associates to take ownership of initiatives and coach to successful completion.

Sr. Marketing Manager 06/2011 to 02/2012 Company Name City , State

SEO Project Management Clients: Procter and Gamble (Crest, Crest Pro-Health, Crest Compkte, Dawn and Cascade Create a detailed
project plan and marketing strategy in alignment with brand and search campaign goals and objectives Ensure the successfil execution of
key plan deliverables in accordance with deadlines, scope, account hours and budget Work in conjunction with extemal agency partners to
coordinate execution and timing of plan mikstones Initiate and manage campaign tasks and deliverables in accordance with the project plan,
deadlines, resource availability & scope Manage day-to-day operational aspects of accounts, as well as client/external agency interactions
Collaborate with external partner agencies and stakeholders to ensure unified goals, plans and timing Document key performance metrics to
monitor campaign Monitor campaign hours, resources and scope to ensure work is within budget Identify activities that may lic beyond the
scope of the campaign and escalate to the appropriate internal stakeholders Develop plan and process documentation to monitor progress
of the campaign Build strong, positive relationships with extemal agency contacts and internal team members Foster the exchange of ideas,
takeaways and best practices throughout the project management team and agency Manage 4 project managers (on my brands) and
Project Management department intems and evaluate performance quarterly.

Sr. Marketing Manager 09/2010 to 06/2011 Company Name City , State

e-Marketing and Creative Services Clients: Hunn Recourses, Recruiting and Trainingas well as own and manage WSM (Web Search
Marketing Solely manage the Web Search Marketing (SEO) project - involving 18 separate product groups - encompassing over 3000
pages on the MathWorks website.

Includes developing new plan, process and schedules to kick project off fromscratch.
