DIRECTOR, GLOBAL DIGITAL MARKETING
Executive Profile

Results oriented leader with extensive B-B marketing and technical experience keading global cross-functional teams delivering innovation, and
profitable measurable results while fostering a collaborative team focused culture. Passionate in championing creation of digital and content
marketing strategies and practices. Proven record of success in influencing and driving change while delivering business results in unexpected and
ihTuaeeet Lents

Skill Highlights
Cross-mnedia demand generation Value proposition creation

Digital, Social and new media = Product marketing

Strategy and competitive planning Content marketing strategies

Pal iLect Channel marketing and expansion
LSS Green Belt certified Industry marketing

Event and workshop strategy Agile Development and Marketing
Professional Experience
Director, Global Digital Marketing 01/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Global leader for web marketing strategy and operations for www.xerox.com including leading digital marketing strategy and integration,
SCS ROO HEAL CURATION rer arse ut alls SOM CS Le lMmcue ab cel mur sem lest canMeerncenrs Lees
online demand generation and voice of customer validation.

© Own development of first ever web content marketing strategy to support launch of new dynamic, relevant/personalized and responsive
corporate site.

¢ Develop and execute dennnd generation strategies to position corporate website as center of nbound marketing including integration of
Marketo and leveraging features of marketing automation across the marketing and communications community.

© Manage team of 12 full time professionals and agency partners.

¢ Significant day-to-day management of global projects, with ongoing prioritization and internal partner and executive engagement.

© Boosted website traffic by 8% by integrating social media.

Manager, Interactive Marketing 04/2013 to 12/2013 Company Name City , State

© Led global strategy for technology business on www.xerox.com including web site content delivery, traffic analysis and optimization, web
marketing strategy and integration, ratings and reviews, and demand generation with online forms and campaigns.

¢ Drove new page design for a strategic company business with a 50% increase in traffic.

© Managed team of five along with budget

Manager, Marketing Conmumications 03/2011 to 04/2013 Company Name City , State

© Developed worldwide marketing communications supporting high end printing business including cross media direct marketing campaigns
resulting in ROI of 10. Proofed and approved production drafts of promotional materials.

Earmed LSS Green Belt Certification developing new value proposition for business.

Led strategy and marcom execution for events and thought leadership workshops.

Managed project deadlines and monitored milestones through completion stage.

Site LoDap cuca oR Nae MLR UCeIH Lae Be Lame ®) BVA

Worked closely with intemal partners to identify needs and challenges to provide solutions-oriented campaign.

Manager, Packaging Industry Marketing 01/2009 to 03/2011 Company Name City , State

© Created global marketing strategy for entering new market along with targeted communications.

© Delivered marketing programs and sales tools enabling the field with accelerated go to market timeline.
© Designed and led implementation of customer events and executive presentations

© Negotiated contracts with industry consultants to support credibility with prospects.

© Met program objectives for new business penetration.

Manager, Applications Marketing 01/2007 to 01/2009 Company Narre City , State

© Impkmented new go to market strategy with responsibility for management of cross finctional teams totaling 50+ members.

© Delivered sales training, marketing collteral and customer application tools for worldwide use in four months and presented at customer
fereahnucy

© 90% + positive rating of program and delivery by sales to enable new and additional revenue.

© Managed $1M budget.

Healthcare & Retail Industry Marketing Manager 02/2005 to 01/2007 Company Name City , State
