DIGITAL PRODUCTION MANAGER
Professional Summary
Creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to development. Experienced manager with strong leadership and
relationship-building skills. Over 20 years managerial experience. Looking to join a company that will creatively challenge and provide growth
(ey syeentin boom
Core Qualifications

© Strong verbal communication

© Computer proficient © Excel in employee development
© Conflict resolution © Team Leadership
* Quick kamer * Process implementation
Ogre crm PG eel om Later MS Cl CRO recom Cot Onl re Ruins wrntictce Morr nem oe siete
© Extremely organized Cedi are eR rece cnne sin tced
* Office products
schivor anes

Digital Production Manager 10/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

© Responsible for all aspects of Digital Production for a Premium printing/ graphic design company

© Delivering the highest quality production while meeting all client directed deadlines

© Provided onsite training,

© Successfillly led key projects which resulted in increase in productivity and reduction in bor expenditures.
© Worked directly with client sales, art and bindery departments to meet client deadlines.

© Monitored multiple databases to keep track of Equipment and House Stock inventory kevels.A

Director of Production 05/2005 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

ST c aS Pest aay Setm contd Cie Peden am ye aeslicK)

Project Development: Collaborated with team of Document Specialists in the compktion of various printing, copy, and design projects.
Documentation: Wrote and edited documents to keep staffinformed on policies and procedures.

Creative Problem Solving: Resolved production issues through quality control and team member development.
Process Improvement: Created new departmental procedures.

7 Steet RO ELsAE OEE ee Lente

Protective Services: Applied safety procedures and policies as outlined in Departrent Safety Manual.
Reporting: Documented and resolved production issues with quality control

Computer Proficiency: Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

Responsible for all aspects of Production for a Premium business to business printing/ graphic design company.
Delivering the highest quality production while meeting all client directed deadlines.

Haven dee Re reat Lanne

Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improverrents.
Initiated procedures and mintained quality standards which resulted in 14% revenue growth.

Successfillly led key projects which resulted in increase in productivity and reduction in labor expenditures.
Worked directly with client sales and service departments to meet client deadlines.

Supported Vice President of Production with daily operational fimctions at the Buffalo location.

Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall location inventory.

Assistant Store Manager 01/2001 to 01/2004 Company Name City , State

* Responsibk for all aspects of managing a retail phanmacy including inventoryA managerment, financial management, goal setting, and
employee developnentA
© Successful completion of Phase One" management training course.

Business Sales Specialist 01/2000 to 01/2001 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for negotiating sale transactions with perspective small business custorrers in relation to all their telecommuication needs
including local and long distance, toll free, multiple line and location networking, data referrals and web hosting.

© Familiar with various ordering and billing systems such as BAC, DBMP, WATS OP, ON, OON and others.

CRE oaoed en eel ck he He SC CCB UbciasMe RSME Ree rsTalnte secs

Merchandise Manager 01/1999 to 01/2000 Company Name City , State

¢ Responsible for all aspects of managing a retail clothing store
Cereccaimeoryctet Moar (akin cccrarcnmedereucttl

Store Manager, District Trainer 01/1996 to 01/2000 Company Name City , State

CE eel snr Bence SRI aCu Rene tune en ena
