SOCIAL MEDIA EVALUATOR

SS

Extensive Management Experience with Supervisory, Sales, and Training focus. Possess strong ability to achieve sales goals and quality customer
service as well as skilled in performing all administrative duties. Working knowledge of Property Management, Tax Credit, Marketing, Collections,
geet a oet broonatereet rack orem eetncrarscri kas neta

Skills

CBW levee a O]tl ee) 4

CB Coco iM feces

CMe scott

© Excel

© PowerPoint

CMB istnd eunceyisasey

Experience
U0 BE ORena vas
Social Media Evaluator Company Name i City , State

¢ Daily social media activity (including but not limited to: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, etc) Avid interest in working with social
piesa

Ability to follow instructions and work independently with effective time managerrent skills.

Excellent troubkeshooting, communication and problenrsolving skils.

RTireqo reco Gea UNUES ae

Ping Orca abate muairie scm

Uses Microsoft Windows (Vista or above) or MAC operating system with outstanding performance.

PCI cce PUB om iccllinerte Lettermen GireNbLecs ee uacesee CeCe cece) [Nice ccr RUM NICS RSH OO Lm

Ce ee

04/2014 to 08/2015
Rental Saks Agent Company Name 1% City , State

OclaManachucm mucocnivcR WP Acer ecetn ep ieace nied

Responsibke for selling optional products to ensure customer satisfaction and company productivity.

Customer support to include directions, maps, and local area informtion.

Maintained rental parameters and ensuring customer understanding of rates and service charges.

Leek ano U coe RUE Cetera cue ba onl buccanancen craulinmotukiclowrebuece ane)
tans OL ce

Orbe NS a onto aOR ee eb eem rae remn soa Dichulenaanon genes esac nance year eikee
rental contract with all necessary details, and completion of any car exchange requests in computer system

UPA SOTO
Escalttions Management Company Name it City , State

© Customer service supervisor-Develop staff of 20 plus associates.

COA rast oa CoN cuccm rb uecnnemli triacs ue bettie peers nicae

¢ Responsibk for interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising perfonrance; disciplining
and rewarding employees; addressing complaints and resolving issues.

© Monitor performance for annual reviews.

CRE Aln cru WR eRe Rn ena ORC Srce cy US Omi nee Ty eM ece eerie

LUSPAU UCR COM CU ZAUU:)
Peano aySem Gun NANCIE Sy ALOISMmNICL

© kad daily operations for all personnel in the department Enforce company policies and procedures, train and develop support staff Conduct
weekly meetings with team kad staff members demonstrate and intense focus on customer service and individual accountability to upkeep
stability amongst production within the department strategically approach projects, conducting thorough research of production, call volume,
personnel etc.

© to implement rekvant protocols to enhance performance results mentor and guide the support staff in efforts to support and supersede
department minimums and expectations Introduce goals outlined by senior directors and managements, and delegate responsibilities in
support of various projects Review team metrics within the department, discuss additional counseling options for improvements as necessary
Enforce overall integrity and moral of the department, and promote invaluabk customer service.

Education and Trainng

Thoms Nelson Community College i% City , State

Sails

approach, articulate, Avid, counseling, client, clients, customer satisfaction, Customer service, Customer support, directing, training employees,
English, focus, hiring, team kad, MAC, meetings, mentor, Excel, exchange, Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Windows,
Microsoft Word, multi-line telephone, operating system, personnel, phone system, policies, probkmrsolving skilk, profit, protocok, research,
