COMMUNICATIONS SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

Five years of experience in Communications & Social Media, with a strong visual sense and creativity, excellent writing skills, and the ability to
organize and manage teams and projects. Familiar and skilled with MS Office and Adobe Creative Suite 6; able to eam new prograns.
als

Adobe Creative Suite 6, Microsoft Office, Windows applications, Multimedia production, Public relations, Media relations, Social media
mmnaging, Exceptional listener, Analytical/Research skill, Computer/Technical literacy, Flexibility/Adaptability/Managing multiple priorities,
Leadership/Managemnnt skills, Multicultural Sensitivity/Awareness, Problem-Solving, Reasoning, Creativity, Teannvork.

schivor anes

SAUCER e20) C0

Communications Specialist Company Name 14 City , State

© Created and managed several different social media outlets; including Facebook, Flickr, Google Plus, Hootsuite, Instagram, Pinterest and
sion

© Successfillly grew the companys online media presence by more than %600.

© Organized, presented, and initiated a PR plan for Kind 10K.

© Filred, edited, and uploaded several videos.

© Led groups for food processing, composting, and packaging.

01/2014 to 01/2016
Multimedia Production Coordinator Company Name 14 City , State

Multimedia production and slideshow utilizing Mac and Windows applications.

Configure pictures/videos for proper slideshow presentation.

In depth knowledge of Microsoft Office and Microsoft Office for Mac.

Created several projects using PowerPoint and Excel applications.

Design, built, maintain, and setup server with multi- operating system.

Provide service and support to staff’students with computer issues during production events.

01/2014 to 12/2015
Graphics & Photojournalism Company Name 1 City , State

© Managed and worked with Adobe Creative Suite 6; including Adobe Bridge, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, and Premiere
dace
© Created several designs for Montreat College, as well as a portfolio of photojoumalistic photos.

08/2013 to 01/2016
Digital Media Production & Film Production Company Name i% City , State

© Filred several short movies as well as how to correctly film shots.

* Leamed how to storyboard, setup actors, scripts, and shot locations.

© Have an understanding of Movie, Final Cut Pro, Windows Movie Maker.
© Created several recruitment videos for high school football players.

ee ROR P0 Cs)
Editor of Whetstone (College Newspaper) Company Name i City , State

* Managed a team of4 to 7 reporters, 2 to 3 copy editors, and layout designer.

© Worked closely with copy editors and layout designer to resolve layout issues, and grammatical errors.

© Planned, coordinated, and implemented meetings and due dates.

© Personally wrote several articles; including sports, business, and breaking news.

© Colkborated with the President of the college, SGA (Student Government Association), and other colleges.
© Setup and manage social media accounts; including WordPress, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.

08/2012 to 12/2014
Business Manager of Whetstone (College Newspaper) Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Achieved numerous advertisements for Whetstone.
© Money managed and took care of receipts and bills.

brairestbeny
May 2016
Bachelor of Science : Communication Journalism Montreat College 4 City , State
