DIGITAL CONTENT EDITOR

Tama devoted writer and editor inspired to tell stories. With solid experience in print and digital magazine, corporate communications and project
mmnagernnt, I have traversed the fields of journalism to help me grow as storyteller, communicator and keader. Combining these skills with my life
experiences, I strive to give people a voice. This goal became ckarer to me after working for international magazine the last three years.
Experience

Digital Content Editor 01/2017 to Current Company Name City , State

T manage the Toastmaster magazine's online edition since overseeing the hunch of the web-based version in October 2016.

I generate suppkrental and interactive content through photos, videos and links.

Drive readership to the online magazine (Increased web traffic 94% since launch of online edition).
[Xo sleet olcaiaehecoreckeoanalinenaitcees bce aeersnace

Assign articles/manage freelancer writers.

Write features, Q&As and member profiks.

Edit and proof both print and online articles and internal company documents.

OT croc Ree osetia coms iecc uice Om eee nee nites

Track progress through Google Analytics to ensure SEO is effective.

Collaborate with IT department on fiture release improvernents.

Cr ee ee

Proofteader/Editorial Coordinator 12/2014 to 01/2017 Company Narre City , State
I coordinated the production schedule of the magazine for the first two years of my employment before being promoted.

Managed incoming content and submissions from members.

Wrote feature articks, Q&As and member profiles.

Proofed, fact checked and edited stories.

Managed a team of freclance writers and freelance editors.

Ce eliaecembuenen ae eee

Yu pest ccs B CeRuC iat @rreatinicd

Managed the company’s internal editorial review process.

Created digital magazine content for the digital app.

Answered magazine-related questions from members around the world.

aa Eluayaieasthecm una) eH P Cam OPA Ree eli aN Glick OS Ams
As Event Manager, | assisted the Director of Sales with the facilities' events as well the marketing and communications, which I continued remotely
BOER aa spec (oneralicd

Compketed website updates through Wordpress A
Designed monthly ads for the local chamber newsletterA.

Wrote a monthly blog for the website A A A A A

Produced information packet for clients A A A A
Handled marketing campaign for the annual bridal show

Planned, marketed and attended monthly open houses for prospective sales
Communications Specialist 07/2012 to 01/2014 Company Nanx City, State

Wrote and edited national press releases, designed flyers and brochures.

Designed and created content for sponsorship materials with professional sports tears.

Managed internal employee communications through the company newsketter that I started.

Prompted to project manager to track progress of projects.

Handled day-to-day communications inquiries.

Filtered all incoming marketing requests from employees.

Created materials and content for the HR department and other intemal committees.

Distributed intemal and extemal company emnils through Outlook and ExactTarget.

Planned and successfillly executed the company meetings, picnic, holiday party, incentive trips, national sales meetings and moreA

Ce ee ee

Communication Assistant 07/2010 to 07/2012 Company Nanx City , State

¢ Writer and photographer, working on both internal and external publications; two print and one digital,

© The audience reached from employees to other cooperatives and businesses locally and nationwide.

© Wrote hard news, feature, breaking news, press releases, covering special events and two to three-part series on industry topics.
¢ [also represented the company by traveling all over southem Indiana to its 18 member cooperatives.

NewspaperReporter 06/2009 to 08/2009 Company Name City , State
¢ Sekcted by the Hoosier State Press Association in 2009 for the Eugene S. Pulliam award
