JR PUBLISHER MANAGER
Summary
Media Buying and Optimization Since September 2011 I've started to work at advertising companies. At the begiming of my experience, I did
telemarketing activities that allowed me to promote and sell business’ projects to potential and faithful customers. I began the major work
experience at a multinational corporation (in Milan). This gave me several concepts and procedures to plan client's digital advertising campaigns.
Customers I worked with were: Calvin Klein, 20th Century Fox, Luxottica, Paypal, Indesit, Panasonic, Pemod Ricard, Burberry, Fastweb,
Allanz. I worked as Digital Manager's assistant. In January 2014 I started to work at an Affiliation Marketing Agency. I scheduled email
marketing campaigns relating to several industries: finance, insurance, telco, travel, date, general products and services. I was in charge of the
following campaigns: Edenred, Poinx, Utet, Compara Meglio, Photobox, etc. I'm cheerfiil and determined person. Ako I'm inquiring person and I
like knowing the news. I'mable to manage my work in orderly and precise way; I'mable to work in stressed situations and I respect fixed
deadlines. Career Objectives
BS ania}

© Driving license: B
Key skills:
Telenmrketing
Web Marketing (Display advertising, DEM)
Knowledge of Microsoft and Office applications
Good knowledge about these advertising software: NetBox, AdRelevance, Nieken Audiweb, Annet platform
Good familiarity with devices (mobil, tablet)
Competitive analysis
Strategies and performance analysis

schivor anes
AOunoisrowwelsicambn esc mem cryin es
Company Name

© Company Website: http/Avww.clickpoint.conrit/ Clickpoint is a Digital Marketing Company that supports clients in getting the most from
their online campaigns in terms of Retum on Investment.

¢ Key responsibilities: Planning Direct Email Marketing campaigns Managing relationships with publishers in order to: define online campaigns
pipelines; give suggestions about the best campaigns suitable for the reference database; define remuneration models Managing DEM
campaigns on targeted databases (on behalf on advertisers) Monitoring and controlling DEM's previews: sending the kit with details
campaign; reception previews; customer approvals Marketing analysis about clients' performances Campaigns’ optimization.

JR Digital Media Planner Nov 2011 to Nov 2013
Company Name

© Company Website: http/Avww.aegismedia.comy Aegis Media is a multinational media agency that helps clients build consumer relationships
by communicating their products and brands effectively.

© Its services include communications strategy through digital creative execution, media plaming and buying, mobile applications, SEO, brand
Tire cnet eB tae cURL aL Lee

* Key responsibilities: Planning advertising campaigns on desktop and devices (mobile and tablet) Setting and data-mining of competition data
(target/product) Drafting proposals to plan the advertising spaces and budget allocation Elaboration of media plans Purchasing and booking
adv spaces with relative documentation Processing sheets of materials’ technical specification for creative agencies Verifying the adv banner
accuracy Constant check on campaigns in progress Sending planned formnt screenshots to the customers in order to certify the online
Asranging a final report and a Post Evahution (leamings and builds for future campaigns) Setting and proposing strategies for pre-campaign
phases Analysis and optimization of internal processes or client.

Business developer Oct 2011 to Nov 2011

* ARTSTUDIO3 snc.

CREW UP AR QRGo NAN cesioe UP AICIU Leh P eC LOBES KOUC CORY Catiee Melb uLetOIPaNS abe

© It offer several services: creation/restyling of comporate image or product concept; artwork and copywriting; graphic design of logos and
brands; creations of advertising pages, brochures, catalogues, in-store elements, etc.; photographic services; public relations; studies of
packaging and merchandising; video productions and graphic animations; production of tv, radio and multimedia commercial contents;
conception and preparation of stands and show-rooms; design of fashion collections.

© Key responsibilities: Acquisition of potential clients through the promotion of new creative projects Telermarketing activities to keeping the
faithful customers Preparing and sending presentations to the clients Customers portfolio management.

Bihan eed lee cece ee PAU UR om MeAN I)
Company Name

© Banca Popolare di Milano).

* Company Website: http/Avww.bpm ivit-com html Key responshbilities:

¢ Assistance to the heads of financial transactions (buying and selling government securities, bonds, mutual fimds, etc.).
© Acquisition of knowledge about the roles and working dynamics within the financial departrent.
