PAID MEDIA SPECIALIST

Summary

Enthusiastic employee with a record of high quality work, excellent interpersonal skills, and a strong work ethic. I amsecking a career witha
company that values hard work, open communication, and offers opportunities for growth and personal improverrent.

Accomplishments

© Angie's List Developing Professionals Network March 2014-Present.
© Promote career development and employee culture through educational and social events.

schivor anes
08/2016 to Current
Paid Media Specialist Company Name it City , State

© Colkborate with agency partners and marketing leadership to execute Angie's List offline advertising strategy.

© Responsible for planning and implementing 2017 offline media plan of ~S14M, which accounts for 57% of marketing’s membership sales
peers

© Manage relationship with radio partners, TV media agency of record, and other offlme media contacts.

® Work closely with online marketing team and digital agency partner to align media plans between online and offline tactics, focusing on
advanced TV and OLV.

04/2015 to 07/2016
Coordinator Company Name 14 City , State

© Supported the marketing leadership team, acting as a liaison across seven marketing channels and among several agency partnerships.

* Coordinated and executed formal RFP process for digital, creative, and media agency searches that resulted in media buys greater than
S50M.

© Organized quarterly marketing summits with marketing leadership and agency partner tears.

* Managed monthly marketing department wide meetings for 11 teams, consisting of ~65 employees.

¢ Point person for contract management process, and implemented any new software and processes for marketing department, including
SharePoint and Procure-to-Pay system

* Angie's List top 20% performer Q3 & Q4 2015.

06/2013 to 04/2015
Member Care Trainer Company Nan 14 City , State

CMA suraes msi eCO rola OVE Neen ol camOrleticentiiealieriluenelremissisces vm uIB\y (at ocala
olen cee

© Designed and implemented a modular new hire training program for the Member Care departient comprised of six cross fimctional teams.

© Successfilly on boarded and prepared approximately 300 new employees for various positions including membership sales, customer care,
and member retention.

* Angie's List top 10% performer (2014), top 20% perfonrer (Q4 2013 & Q3 2014).

06/2012 to 06/2013
Member Services Representative Company Name 14 City , State

© Provided exceptional customer service answering inbound phone calls from members.
© Documented member feedback on hiring experiences with service companies.

brairestbeny

May 2012

Bachelor of Science : Management Marketing Communications Purdue University 1 City , State Management Marketing Commumications
Work History

Company Name

Skills

advertising, agency, contract management, CRM, customer service, customer care, fimetional, hiring, keadership, marketing, media plans, media
phn, meetings, SharePoint, online marketing, processes, radio, RFP, sales, strategy, phone, TV
