DIRECTOR OF DONOR RELATIONS
Professional Summary

Pa a ce UDC Wit e c hoe eeu Ch eR ALG SLU at Moe Pe Bias LLL aa ans CU nS eh
public relations and marketing, board management and developrrent, and strategic planning. A Adept at motivating and leading staff'and promoting
an entrepreneurial spirit that thrives through discipline and pragmatic thinking,

Skills
© Strong verbal communication «Extremely organized
© Budgeting and finance © Client assessment and analysis
© Project management * Team leadership
© Process implementation © Self motivated
Work History
RU Cer @tacans

Director of Donor Relations Company Name 4€“ City , State

Montchir State University's office of Advancement is tasked with raising fimds to fimther the University's commitment to educate a diverse
community of learners through alumni and friends of the University.

Responsible for three direct reports as well as a $1.2 million dollar findraising budget.

Responsibilities include: designing, implementing and coordinating an institution-wide comprehensive donor relations and stewardship
URHMeeSc Mri wenvyucrILMie sc edo MUUllecce lente aCe CR CEC arias <a ee anata Ce
Accomplishments: Managed and achieved 100% of Annual Golf Outing goal by engaging more sponsors and reducing costs through
olalarl kaos tase abenia

Managed and Achieved 133% of Annual Scholarship Dinner goal, this was done by engaging vendors as sponsors and managing the budget
more efficiently, as well as implementing new ways to recognize sponsors.

Impknented efficiencies to manage acknowledgement policies and procedures across the Division and University that were essential for a
comprehensive donor relations program

Designed, documented, and implemented a systermtic and integrated donor relations program that encompassed donor cultivation and
recognition events, endowed position installations, and buikling naming dedications.

Responsible for devising and using consistent, accurate, and appropriate information-sharing mechanisirs for stewarding prospects and
donors.

09/2014 to 03/2016
Director of Development Company Name a€“ City , State

Asa Romnn Catholic, college preparatory school under the auspices of the Archdiocese of Newark, IHA is committed to graduating savvy,
critical thinkers who are confident, independent women are prepared for their futures.

Responsible for $1.2 million dollar department fimdraising budget, including participation in budgeting process and monitoring of revenue
Beko alee

Managed annual find, capital campaign, scholarship, marketing initiatives, and stewardship programs and established metrics for review.
Accomplishments: Modemized IHA's external brand recognition, to include new admissions materials, development mnterialsy, stewardship
report and brand guide.

Manage a staff of 2, who are responsible for donor recognition, acknowledgement process as well as prospect research.

Reengineered annual find program, increasing net revenue by 45% Designed and implemented long-term advancement phan, including
strategies related to the cultivation, solicitation, acknowledgement and ongoing stewardship of individual, corporate and foundation donors
and campaigns for capital projects.

Outfitted new STEM chssrooms with grant donations ftom Konica Minolta Achieved 100% of annual capital campaign goal for FY15
Instituted Alummae giving program, as well as Reunion Giving amongst classes, achieved over 100% of initial goal.

Manage a portfolio of 250+ major gift prospects and have achieved 100%+ of FY15 goal on target to achieve FY16 goak.

10/2013 to 09/2014
Donor Relations Manager Company Name 4€“ City , State

Saint Peter’s University's office of Advancement is tasked with raising fimds to firther the University’s Jesuit Catholic identity and
commitment to educate a diverse community of eamers through alumni and fiends of the University.

Responsible for $250,000 individual fimdraising budget, including participation in budgeting process and monitoring of revenue and

or saniccd

Managed scholarship reporting, capital campaign, and event programs and established metrics for review.

Oversaw all aspects of donor stewardship, scholarship endowrent, portfolio of 100+ prospects and management of the Board of Regents.
Accomplishments: Increased Board of Regents participation within the following priorities: Regents Symposium, Sponsorships,
Scholarships, Mentorship, and Intemship opportunities.

Ese R NNO crows ereominamectsllal

Managed a mjor gifts portfolio of 100+ and achieved 100% of 2014/2015 individual, corporate and foundation goals.

Developed a system to customize relationship management for leadership-level donors, with particular oversight of the University's "Top 25"
aren
