MEDIA SPECIALIST II
Professional Summary

T want to continue to embark on a progressive career path, building successful public relations and communications programs and have continued
success in implementing media relations plans designed to expand market awareness. I develop communications strategies that build key
relationships with stakeholders and constituents and create innovative initiatives, that foster and create strategic partnerships and alliances.

Core Qualifications
Same eu n noe ae 5 5
. rere Social Media Mamgement
ade Vee Se TnI US)
Information Dissemination aren are

schivor anes
05/2014 to Current
Media Specialist If Company Name 1% City , State

¢ As Media Specialists II I develop and implement public information programs to inform the citizenry of activities, programs, services, and
objectives of the San Bemardino Probation Department.

© I maintain and develop content for the department's website and assist with media requests. I also develop and impkment electronic and
social media policy and practice.

© This position requires that I create and prepare media for public presentations, and evaluate the effectiveness and coverage of public
information activities and outreach. I design, coordinate and direct promotional projects; and serve as the department's lead photographer
and videographer.

01/2008 to 07/2015
Owner/Operator Company Narre 1% City , State

* (officialnxp.com) is a freelance marketing and media production firm

¢ I coordinate a group of independent freelance production professionals to provide television production, marketing materials, event
coordination and web media modules,

* As owner my mnin duties include marketing research, message customization, and media production.

© Under this company I also freelance as a camera tech for ESPN and Fox Sports South.

01/2008 to 01/2010
Assistant Program Director Company Name 14 City , State

* As assistant program director I coordinate all the local public access channel programming.
© This includes scheduling programs to run, writing and producing original programming, marketing the channel to the citizens of Pitt County
and soliciting and organizing local producers in the creation of programming.

01/2002 to 01/2008
Public Information Officer Company Name 1% City , State

© As Public Information Officer (PIO) I served as a communications liaison between the media, county staff Government officials and citizens
UV GoM OB CCl MCmING Ne RU cco MMmICe ROS HOcIiLeM Pe N en UCiIcma ay CcmMID era hye

The office was ako responsible for maintaining and operating the local PEG Access Channel Pitt-TV.

As PIO I was responsible for creating, editing and scheduling all programming for the Governmental and Education portions of the channel.
The office coordinates press coverage for all major fimetions of the County and managed special event planning.

Public Information produced County publications for staffand the community including videos, newsletters, brochures, a calendar of events,
Bim eriesl pic eee

® Talso served as content manager of www.pittcountyne.com

Ce Sraccmininisticlies trate coal ce lem une hedlaedmi pa eerulcicine kee YIU ORs Dts tom

01/2001 to 01/2002
Communications Specialist Company Name 14 City , State

© Increased visibility of County services by developing and producing video, radio, and web programming that enhanced the vehicks by
Sidi bneoreltenmiocxerccasn wale h

CRE Meociiilet einem ceCer ulti alte Qo NN mnie entice

* I developed an internship program for college students that focused on media development within the communications field.

CEO eleRincsine nora iecka se ety cutee) aia a

ee ere ese
Associate Producer / Videographer Company Nan i City , State

Cassese oles) sea Rat
