SENIOR DIGITAL MARKETING ANALYST

Summary

Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with in-depth knowledge of marketing project management, data manipulation and visualization.
Furnish insights, analytics and business intelligence to advance opportunity identification, process reengineering and corporate growth. Core
Qualifications Market Segmentation Business Intelligence Reporting Regression Analysis Business Analysis Dashboard generation Data Mining
Data Modeling Statistical Analysis Data Experiments Project Management Process Improverrent

Highlights

Power user of MS Excel, Power BI, Power Query, Power Pivot, Qlikview Desktop, Minitab, Tableau, Googke Analytics, JIRA, Salesforce,
TSQL, SQL, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, MS Access, MS Visio, MS Project. In progress - R, Python.

schivor anes

UCR etavans

Senior Digital Marketing Analyst Company Name i City , State

© Design and build dashboards to help analyze, monitor and visualize key performance metrics.

« ADDskil, accomplishment style.

© Interpret data, extract trends and identify insights or opportunities for product decisions.

© Design and monitor end-user reporting tools and systems, ensuring reports are accurate and up-to-date.
© Work with internal stakeholders and teams across the company.

© Accomplishment:

© A30% increase in revenue by segmenting, resulting in an incremental $2M profit.

AUC EOL)
Web Analyst Company Name i City , State

Extracted, transformed and loaded (ETL) customer data using code that was Developed.

using SQL.

Built dashboards to monitor and control marketing efforts.

Helped identify and repair datasets that are incompkete, inconsistent, or require cleaning.

Handled internal customer data inquiries, data investigations, or other information requests from project teams.
Helped investigate and understand available data sources on the market to solve customer site content challenges.
Accomplishment:.

© A 20% optimization in marketing cost by re-allocating S2M budget to profitable areas.

SPL PA CRIP.)
Web Developer Company Name i City

* Developed customized web solutions using PHP, HTML, and JavaScript for clients.

© Created database structures, relationships, and data types in MySQL and MS Access.
© Accomplishirent:

* Increase of 22% in sales by increasing overall visitor traffic by over 400K.

Education

Masters of Business Administration
vA}

MBA University of Redlands

vb

Bachelor of Sciences University of Harrburg
UU

Colkege - Berufsschule City Nord,
atc

Ue cum ereem une leyy
als

budget, BI, content, clients, database, English, ETL, German, Google Analytics, Hindi, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, marketing, market, MS Access,
MS Access, MS Excel, MS Project, Minitab, MySQL, optimization, profit, progress, Punjabi, Python, reporting, sales, SQL, Tableau, TSQL,
Visio
