DIGITAL STRATEGY MANAGER

Professional Profile

Results-oriented Digital StrategistA withA experience A creating strategic alliances between intemal and external stakeholders to effectively align
with, and support key digital business initiatives. Visionary and strategic thinker with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects

including budgeting and planning.
Qualifications
Pee Samoanct mica © Social media marketingA
© Project management © Website measurement and analysis
Cee ghiasece) © Strong communication skills
* Search engine optimization * Critical thinking

aaa chiesrates

Leadership: A Served as key contributing member to Senior Leadership team

Design & Strategy: A Implemented digital strategy by managingA the design, development, and content curation for a digital library
branch to expand the services offered to patrons.

* User Experience & Content Quality: A Rolled out website governance guiding the management of digital assets.

Research & Insights: A Created website and mobik app analytics dashboard to measure traffic and usage, and assess areas for
improvenent.

* Online Marketing: A Managed ad spend of over $200k to consistently increase click through rates and online sales.

* Project Management: A Mamged project goals, timeline, tasks, and budget to hunchA 3 website redesigns, | new website, and a
mobik iOS application ina span of 18 months.A

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Digital Strategy Manager 01/2015 to Current

Oe conn) sale miner runt onm nian pccecs wealnedorooacralreaetcerra eam wees corse EOS)

mobik application.

Managed team of 2A of web professionals and multiple interdepartmental tearrs of Librarians, administrators, and Executive Leadership.

Worked collaboratively with vendors to keep projects on task, on time, and under budget.

Spearheaded cross-fimetional project to achieve a 12% decrease in website bounce rate and an 18% increase in engaged website visits.

Strengthened organization brand by leading a project to develop a custom iOS mobik application integrating with internal systems and a

pec eeyir emer stim

© Directed the strategic initiative to launch the new summer program website including management of design creatives, user experience,
testing and content curation.

© Served as mentor to junior team members.

Company Name City , State Web Services Manager 11/2011 to 12/2014

© Managed teamof4 Webmusters and 44 content contributors across the organization.

© Defined strategy and key performance indicators for public facing and internal websites.

© Directed strategic initiatives to achieve and enforce website standards and govermance model.

© Identified strategic digital goals and measured performance against targets.

© Built financial model for new business unit, including the management ofa $450k yearly budget.

Served on the City/County Web Governance Board, Public Information Senior Leadership team, and Extended Information Services and
Blcvre umole m Bese ek esti’

(Oo ANE LO AEOLCRN cen lore ecwatrel wi a UFAU Laem LO cA eT

© Developed metrics used to determine inefficiencies and areas for improvement across 65 business units within the Global Small and Medium
sirens stow

Tracked, analyzed and interpreted trends in website usage and engagerrent data.

Conducted analysis of business unit website and social media traffic data, to make design and marketing recommendations based on

ies
PieNiccbe nie cxtMitbcwce mare cin o leciice

Conducted root cause analysis and presented findings and recommendations to executives and other stakeholders.

Collaborated with cross-fimctional teams to implement a migration from the Surfaid Analytics tool to the Unica NetInsight Analytics
patter

Company Name City , State Website Administrator 07/2006 to 02/2008

PEE SetcliccbremiisissoatRontaneca deine selec
¢ Translated abstract requirements into concrete user workflows and interactive designs.
