DIGITAL M&E RESEARCH INTERN

Skills

Microsoft Office Suite; Venture Capital Financial Model Interests: Entrepreneurship, Mentoring, Education, Basketball, Strength Training,
Venture Capital

pinay

Penn Summer Abroad, Scholar of Enviromental Studies, in Rotterdam & Berlin June 2015 - Jume 2015 A- Engaged ina lecture series about
Water management and the Energiewende which fortified the immersion into the culture of environmental sustainability in Rotterdam and Berlin for
two weeks A: Culminated ina presentation on strategic plan to implement water management and Energiewende tactics to USA National
OT neGOn a eer eat r eer rete es AMBP GN clea etm treads keen acer s YAK tm
budget. Individually raised $3,800+ for the conférence from extemal sources and internal sources; like KIPP Through College, Greenfield
Intercultural Center, PennKIPP A- Coordinated and executed three-day conférence for 390 university students throughout the US A- Designed
and organized a Dominican Linguistics workshop by inviting prestigious BYU Professor Alba and Dr. Ferreira CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT
CHL ic ore anes Conte MO cme te aw CEPOL e Ue Uirictntbknrenagn asl Omit
finding for the student organization Dana How Scholar Program, Active Mentor Sept. 2013 - Sept. 2016 A- Vohmteer to mentor and educate
West Phikdelphia high school students in order to get them ready for college Big Brother Big Sister, Big Brother Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 A-
Serve as a positive rok model and friend for children in West Philadelphia in an on-going one to one relationship MoneyThink, Active Mentor
Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 A: Structured personal finance lesson plans to fit the need of Philadelphia high school students in order to allow them to
Ko Miccnbinelassisiesinedlmeeimeda nat econ

schivor anes

Digital M&E Research Intem

May 2016 to August 2016 Company Name 1 City , State

© Refined quantitative and qualitative data in order to optimize business products for individual project managers.
¢ Evaluated Big Data to generate findarental frameworks being utilized to normalize product data across all entertainment brands.

September 2015 to December 2015 Company Name it City , State

¢ Developed a five-year growth strategy to utilize for the next potential fimding round of the growth firm.
© Generated a 50-page report that included contacting 700 colleges receiving a response rate of 11%.

Business Development Intern
May 2015 to August 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

« Analyzed daily and monthly partnership costs in order to determine day to day changes on cost structure of partnerships.

© Proposed and presented 5 new key partnerships that will be pivotal for the transition phase into TheStreet, Inc.'s Financial Content
Network 2.0 Banco del Austro, Loans & Credit Card Intem, Cuenca, Ecuador July 2014 - Aug.

CC

© Impkmented statistical analysis of data using Excel, focusing on customer and bank databases such as credit card purchases, POS system,
customer informtion, and customer complaints.

* Completed and filed paper work for loan department.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science : Economics Management The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania i City , State Economics 3.45 3.06
Managenent

Corporate Finance, Merger and Acquisitions, Consulting to Growth Companies, Management, Venture Capital Finance, Entrepreneurship,
Wharton Industry Exploration Progranx San Francisco & Tech Sector A- Awards: New York Times Scholar, sclected as one of cight students
(out of 800) for prestigious NY Tins full scholarship

etn

SO Tena esyetrciy

Skills

Acquisitions, Big Data, Consulting, Content, Corporate Fmance, Credit, databases, Finance, Financial, Java, Mentoring, Excel, Microsoft Office
Suite, Network 2.0, next, page, POS, receiving, San, Fluent in Spanish, statistical analysis, strategy, Venture Capital, Venture Capital
Additional Information

e LEADERSHIP AND EXTRACURRICULARS Penn Sumner Abroad, Scholar of Environmental Studies, in Rotterdam & Berln June
2015 - June 2015 A: Engaged ina kecture series about water management and the Energiewende which fortified the immersion into the
culture of environmental sustainability in Rotterdam and Berlin for two weeks A- Culminated ina presentation on strategic plan to implement
water management and Energiewende tactics to USA National Dominican Student Conference, Officer of Logistics and Finances Sept.
CEU NEP My nian rnratrechi Reon ccreaaeRhinm ream ity el actscteeecl lee elt ekeen ater coe ent}
extemal sources and intemal sources; ike KIPP Through College, Greenficld Intercuttural Center, PennKIPP A- Coordinated and executed
three-day conference for 390 university students throughout the US A- Designed and organized a Dominican Linguistics workshop by
inviting prestigious BYU Professor Alba and Dr. Ferreira CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT Grupo Quisqueyano (Dominican Student
Association), Officer of Finances Dec. 2014 - Dec. 2016 A- Administrated a budget of $800, and finding for the student organization
Dana How Scholar Program, Active Mentor Sept. 2013 - Sept. 2016 A- Volunteer to mentor and educate West Philadelphia high school
students in order to get them ready for colkege Big Brother Big Sister, Big Brother Sept. 2015 - Sept. 2016 A- Serve as a positive role
model and ffiend for children in West Philadelphia in an on-going one to one relationship MoneyThink, Active Mentor Sept. 2015 - Sept.
