DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST
Highlights
© Strong Digital Marketing experience using Social Media platfonns
* Proficient in the following programs, tools, and applications:
© Slack, Google Analytics, AdWords, Site Catalyst / Onmiture / Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Excel and Word / Appke Pages and Numbers,

Adobe Creative (Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator) Final Cut Pro, Avid, Mail Chimp, Constant Contact, Work Zone, Mind Jet,
Salesforce, GitLab, GitHub, CVS, WordPress, Dreamweaver

schivor anes
Company Name January 2014 to Current Digital Marketing Specialist
lena El CG

Strategic Management: Use expertise to interpret e-commerce merchant objectives, data insights, and digital marketing requirements into
digital plans.

Push thinking on customer/merchant projects and integrate search marketing into broader digital marketing channel performance for more
advanced acquisition and lead generation initiatives.

Applies analytic and technical skills to problem solve and iterate campaigns.

Observes and follows e-commerce and technology trends and resources as they emerge into the marketplace.

Analyzes and interprets raw data points to uncover new business opportunities.

Interprets charts, spreadsheets and presentations to create marketing opportunities.

Identifies needs and opportunities and develops action plans to address.

Abke to think strategically and tactically.

Developers appropriate project plans and timelines, coordinates and negotiates project plans with other team members and departments.
Ensures project compketion, accuracy and frequently updating senior managerent of project progression.

Digital Operations: Identifies process improvernents across planning and account management with the goal to optimize business operations.
Working independently with minimum supervision, demonstrates digital expertise by guiding the users on best practices and teaching them
how to leverage systems fimctionalities in effort to introduce business efficiencies.

Designs content, architecture, and layout to facilitate a responsive site and ensuring the site is optimized and is cross-platformand cross-
browser compatible from customer feedback / experience and subject matter experts (SMEs).

Yorn nRe esALO ee PeRCR CSET Lon Snes eoMenuecaen eo Reeiy oct 0) tm

Develops the demand generation strategy and manages the marketing programs that drive demand for cross border products.

Digital Agility: Excels ina collaborative environment by coming up with ideas, and contributing to the conversation with quick-thinking and
Se) the ts

Builds solid, effective working relationship with others.

Facilitates and participates in group interactions by adding to brainstorming and building on ideas.

Rehtes to individuals and nurtures talent is central to effectively working together.

Constructively works under stress and pressure when faced with high workloads and deadlines.

FAAS eo reecerece la ekebsticerrr amen acerece (atm

Ability to express ideas clearly and convey necessary information and interacts effectively with all levels of management.

Maintains a positive attitude in the face of criticism, rejection, or failure.

Service as the market intelligence expert on the cross border audience and competition.

Anda sense of humor helps make collaboration more fin.

Provides subject mutter expertise for usability and FedEx.com style guide adherence across all websites and web applications.

Email Marketing & Automntion: Codes and manages email marketing and marketing automation programs including set-up, scheduling,
testing, tagging and deployment of one-time, recurring, and triggered campaigns.

Troubleshoots technical issues related to integration, templates, list segmentation, ead scoring and grading and other aspects of marketing
automtion execution, as required.

Recognizes and attends to important details with accuracy and efficiency.

Tools and Programs: Bronto Software, Dreamweaver, Sublime Text.

Search Engine Marketing: Perform keyword research and use for on-page search engine optimization (SEO).

Research and analyze competitors and develop and implement link-building strategies.

Collaborate with development teams to ensure PPC and SEO best practices are followed.

Performanalysis and SEO strategy on site keywords, conversions, performance, traffic, and target goals to improve conversion rates.
Tools and Programs: Adobe Analytics (Onmiture / Site Catalyst), Google Analytics, ObservePoint, New Relic and Google AdWords.
Digital PR: Identifies opportunities for digital marketing and PR efforts highlighting editorial, product, and brand stories.

Creating content marketing initiatives to strategic alliance with merchants for global efforts.

Great networking skills and confidence to coordinate with key business stakeholders.

Go-To-Market and Sales: Creates collateral for sales force, go-to-market messaging, positioning, and competitive differentiation.
Develops sales tools to support the selling process.

Plans the launch of new products and releases, product version updates, and mamgers the cross-functional implerentation of the plan
Bre cst

Analysis & Insights: Conduct reporting and detailed analyses to understand performance of marketing, user experience, and content.
Evaluate campaign progress for bottom line impact, ROI, and customer insights that lead to optimization recommendations for iterative
Sn RGEC Ge

Monitor speed and applications to increase digital user experience (DUX) with tools and professional practices such as ObservePoint, A/B
