DIGITAL MARKETING DIRECTOR
Summary

With a background in Marketing and Event production, I extend my passion for exploiting new ways to enhance communication and networking
actions to manage business processes more effectively, and engaging in active dialogues with global clients. International Marketing development
and Event production is my preference for hiring. While working in a multi cultural environments, I believe diversity has a great impact ona
company's growth and success. I am interested in joining a company where I can contribute in a variety of ways leveraging my background within
Heo ca manus sie ee RO Eo ela tower cem Leics ie aneacoice oe anova eer e diem broke (aut
Seu ere wuone hn oncod hse raner cco thud sane Pim ncn este mM or cor muind Masonalzalr ene)
particular area. Experienced a variety of "core subjects and allowing me to specialize in administration as the selective specific academic area. The
degree also developed my practical managerial skills, commumication skills and business decision-making capability. Excelled in classes with
eee ocucne reo MILs one kets oe eucm yee nCtcm nite RUT CMne Rican er oli Ronscucp nein nes ee TC TNAR Yo) Micoa amine <6
events) Ambassador for a Danish networking event called DABGO. Its a Danish networking group focused on all the sharing the social aspects of
life and the business fimctionalities. Local can connect and network once a month. The group attracted Silicon Valley residents with the average of
30 participants. This event takes place m 30 countries worldwide, on the exact same day, yet once a year I produced the overall event far all our
200 arrbassadors.

Hightghts

Excellent Microsoft Office skills, QuickBooks, Navision, Rejs Ud (Danish govemment software), basic HTML, Keynote, CSS suite, Coding
and Web design

Experience

Digital Marketing Director

January 2014 to January 2015 Company Name

* event software) and Danish Anerican Chamber of Commerce Northem CA (Non-profit Implementing new communications strategies web
analytics for their Event software Reconstructed Web-site content, SEO & SEM* optimization with Social media integration between
Facebook / Linkedin/ Twitter using metrics and analytics.

* Developed and designed Media presentations such as PowerPoint, and pitching VCs Product development Production partner and
promotional events in collaboration with our partner Salesforce( Dreamforce).

© Structured Sales Processes focused on Lead gen and Enterprise companies Increased web traffic Executed new social media and viral
markets to extend the old markets and capture new and untapped markets.

Ce ileccuiee eB te)anLos Om POPU kOian nomn dN olLonLeclien Rar sncme catia COE ond ce

Program Office Manager
January 2013 to January 2014 Company Name

Provided a number of strategic and tactical assistance for Danish high Tech companies, affiliated investor meetings, strategic partnerships,
marketing communications, support and networking events affiliated with Silicon Valley companies,

In addition to strategic network planning,

I provided the following fimctions: Collaborated and supported SCALEI US projects for Danish startups seeking finding and expansion
opportunities in Silicon Valley, finding clients and leads.

Supported budgets, logistics and produced events for the international programs.

Delivered clients and leads for consultants while expanding our communications networks through international VC events Developed
logistic program planning for VC meetings for delegations visiting Silicon Valky.

Ai evel hoca pn canestued Kelvans om

Responsibke representative for Danish virtual incubators{ in Denmark) as well as in house incubators at the center.

Maintaining office flow, daily support to the directors whik representing our services.

Hurman Resource fimctions; establishing processes for recruiting, office development and programs for staff growth Focused project
Pu ccunqeon i nneciuotmcors sree ono Mio cuken ambos mie kcConryomomr onze ra ce

© Aliquam dapibus.

Consulate Officer
January 2013 to January 2014 Company Name

¢ Danish representative authority on the East coast for Danish passports, Visas and legal immigration issues on behalf of 400 Danish citizens
Communicating with US authorities, background checks and PET investigation research.

oar NUn aeRO Cd UIP AUAL Re Dente

ey edaeave ene A Noe oneL Cl BOs Plaka cree mois Marcle nema aera Rueln rt tatesltetm nel pad
reestablishing Danish law reclaiming lost citizenship for Danes abroad Assisted and supported the Danish founded SCALE?t.US startup
eye M Rana se neem teelsleec uM D eed on Ecce nLO onc N As OiccmeC feel MU ee RUN ed petra neal tc
budget.

© Translator & Product Tester, Apple HQ.

January 2010 to January 2012

* Lead Danish Transhtion support, testing software on various platforms for product release.
¢ Worked with Workserver, Z-pro and iCloud onsite HQ and ofBite.
* Supported projects feedback and communication, meeting Lead Danish Translation support, testing software on various platforms for new
