MEDIA WEATHER FORECASTER
Summary

Skilled weather forecaster with experience in the media network. Familiar with SmartMET system to make short and medium range forecasts at
Elgg esis es om

Highlights
© Conmunication skills
© Adaptability © ability to improvise
© Common software application knowkdge —» good performance under difficult situations
* Demonstrated organizationalplanning skills teamwork experience
¢ relabk

Accomplishments

© Served ona neteorological office for 6 years and as a weather office team leader for 3 years.
Completed advanced research of Severe Local Storms and Weather forecast evaluation.

Secured feature article in Cuban Meteorlogical Magazine.

Represented Cuban Weather Service in workshops and training courses in United States and China.
Attended postgraduated courses.

i denote nCeO cement Bt Salita esl ccm

Produced over 3 or 4 TV and Radio broadcasts each week for 4 straight years.

Interviewed on Television and spoke about weather forecasts, wamings an hazards.

schivor anes
Media Weather Forecaster
March 2010 to Noverrber 2014 Company Name i4 City

* Presented local weather news and feature reports in the public radio style on both Jocal and national weather news programms.

¢ Introduced fresh and new angles on previously-reported material to update and inform the audience.

© Combined video, audio and graphics to effectively convey each report and forecast.

* Effectively explained the hazards and vulnerabilities that the people could expect and confront in some dangerous weather conditions.

Superior Specialist in Meteorology
September 2008 to November 2014 Company Nan i City

© Created technical and research documents such as: daily and weekly forecasts, discussions and wamings.

Analyzed the meteorological conditions affecting peoples life and economic features.

Assisted in developing scientific analysis software.

Conducted research in Severe Local Stons and Weather forecast evaluation, specifically dangerous meteorological systems.
Developed effective working relations with groups, individuals, agencies and the public.

Supervised technical and professional staff

Guaranteed all data met stringent quality contro! standards.

Trained new personnel and interns on office fimetions.

Maintained a high rate of accuracy over a 85 % in daily forecast evaluation.

Septerrber 2008 to Noverrber 2014
brairestbeny
Bachelor degree : Meteorology , 2008 Institute of Technology and Applied Sciences i% City , Cuba

© Diplomat Course a€ccEvahution of Ecological and Climatic Risks and Environmental Impacté€ University of Alicante, Spain - INSTEC,
Cuba. 190h, 09/2006-05/2007.

Cee Sre Bong) em Coral co oMRann cease anceca cn es QTM Tram ye ond s on ORC reeOMR ED Ua codl 18S
granted by the Cuban Meteorological Society, for students category, 2007.

© Attended conferences and conventions as speaker from 2003 till 2008.

CM Crile lccRi Phonetic me) Z.e

© Continuing education in Meteorology Postgraduate courses.

Affiliations
&€¢Cuban Meteorological Society from 2004 till 2014.
Personal Information

* Plce of Birth: Havana
¢ Date of Birth: 28th of January, 1986
