DIRECTOR OF SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING
Executive Profile

A marketing professional and seasoned leader with over 20 years of entertainment industry experience and passion that includes social media
strategy, brand marketing, advertising, and promotions.

Professional Experience
10/2011 to Current
Director of Social Media Marketing Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for all social media strategy, budgets, promotion, & execution integration into Brand Marketing 360 plans for all USA
Network, the #1 Cable Network for the last 8 years, including Suits, Royal Pains, Graceland, White Collar, Chriskey Knows Best, Covert
Affairs, Rush, Satisfaction, Sirens and Modem Family (syndicated).

Ideate and generate monetized strategic social media campaigns and or-air branded social integrations for Sales clients such as Lexus,
BMW, Fandango, Microsoft, Dunkin’ Donuts, Colgate, and Coppertone.

Work across internal departments including Development, Press, On-Air, Creative, and Programming as well as show talent, writers and
executive producers on creative social activations and live events such as Fan Appreciation Days, TCA, Golden Globes, Emmys and Comic
[os

Manage and lead five social agencies of record with oversight on community management, strategic executions, reporting, promotional
campaigns and creative micro-content direction.

Strengthen strategic direction that has achieved social community growth of 31% year to date achieving over 7.7 billion impressions with
over 22.5 million fans across 112 commumities on Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Instagram, Tumblr, Pinterest, Vine, Snapchat and Giphy.
Developed the Psych Shavber Party, an all night marathon to promote the retum of Season 7, which captured 22 trending topics, and
ratings that surpassed the prior four week time period avg by doubk digits in all demos.

Strategic direction leading USA to be one of the most social cable entertainment networks collecting 3.5MM tweets in2Q14, significantly
greater than core competitors TBS (+213%) and FX (+287%).

Directed strategic social campaign for Suits, USA's #1 series, tuming it into the #1 most social USA Network show with 2.4MM Facebook
fans (446% over the finale of Season 3) and 1.3MM Twitter followers (452% over the Season 3 finale).

ORL Ee 8
Director of Digital & Interactive Marketing Company Name i City , State

Directed the Digital Marketing department of ten employees in all aspects of strategy, planning and execution for History, Lifetime, Warmer
Brothers and Scott Rudin Productions.

Accountable for budget creation, strategic planning proposals and client reports.

Spearheaded online and social strategy in addition to creative production of Tony Award campaigns for nominated shows such as The
Book of Mormon (Winner of 9 Tony Awards) and Jerusalem (winner of | Tony Award).

Created filly integrated social media campaigns, live fan events and creative app executions across Facebook, Twitter, and Foursquare, to
drive ticket sales for Broadway productions and boost tunc-in awareness for History Channel & Lifetime.

TAVERN PAU)
Director of Marketing Company Name 1% City , State

© Planned, developed and executed comprehensive, strategic, integrated digital marketing campaigns that included social media, promotions,
publicity, and content distribution for clients such as USA Network, History Channel, A&E, Warmer Brothers Films, Starz, AMC, Netflix,
Atari, Nikon, Clorox, and Best Buy.

© Developed and launched the original social profiles on Facebook, Youtube and Twitter for USA Network, History, and A&E acquiring
over 3 million fans m2 yrs for USA and over | million for History and A&E.

© Expanded History Channel's reach and brand awareness on Foursquare for U.S. and U.K. campaign ‘America: The Story of Us', winner of
OMMA Award for Best In-App Mobile Marketing & Advertising.

© Worked in conjunction with USA Publicity on execution of set visits with journalists and influencers in addition to live consumer events such
as Comic Con.

01/1999 to 01/2003
Brand Manager Company Name i'4 City , State

Developed marketing strategy for theme park attractions and product lunches such as Shrek 4D, The Mummy, Hulk, Jurassic Park the
Ride, The Cat in the Hat and Halloween Horror Nights.

Worked across corporate divisions of Features, TV, Home Video, Music, and Publishing to create and implement cross-promotional
marketing opportunities for properties such as 2 Fast 2 Furious, Van Helsing, Jurassic Park, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Nickelodeon and
Pile usted

Spearheaded the successful hunch of marketing campaigns and Ied cross fimetional tearrs on events such as Millennium Dance Party,
Halloween Horror Nights, Rock the Universe and Way Cool Winterland, a seasonal event that achieved one of the highest incremental
attendances ever of 30%.

Managed and oversaw control ofall aspects of event planning and media/promotional placement with P&L budgets ranging from $50

per roae aren ORR Me licoen
