CORPORATE ADMINISTRATOR,
Summary
Successfil administrative professional with 15 years of experience.
Skills
° 0
Detail oriented
Efficient
Prioritize multiple deadlines
Work well independently
Collaborate with others
Software
Microsoft Word
Excel
PowerPoint
Olt eed
Adobe Acrobat
Multiple project software websites
General Clerical
BAAR UWE
Multiline phones

schivor anes
(Ooo epateerunsioy
January 2009 to January 2017 Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Light accounting/bookkeeping Travel arrangements Meeting agendas and minutes Editing/Proofteading Meticulously proofread Ensure
consistency in content Structure Revise for clarity Review style format Bidding Administration Prepare "front-end docs" Familiar with
various loaning agency requirements Know and abke to carry out bid process from start to finish Construction Administration Assist
approximately 15 engineers in our water/wastewater department working on mult-illion dollar projects.

Requires great attention to detail while meeting multiple deadlines simultaneously.

Specific duties include:.

Peat U Ne wien Hem wench ICOM OTA gD Oe UCase esReniCilam el Tics see eM e etl ec i one negs)sthcm Cae litLesl|
memos, ktters, meeting minutes, and O&M manuals for municipalities and cities.

* Bidding Administration - Distribute plans and specifications, maintain planhokders' lists, issue and confirm receipt of addenda, and complete
eRe lonaeeics

Construction Administration - Prepare contract documents.

Receive and retum submittals and RFIs; maintain logs.

Assisted approximately 18 engineers in the waterAvastewater department working on multimillion dollar projects.

Required great attention to detail while meeting multiple deadlines simultaneously.

Coordinated with clients, contractors, subconsultants, and intemal drafters to help keep projects running smoothly.

Specific duties included: Docurrent Processing - Proofiead, edited, formatted, PDF'd, and produced master plans, predesign reports,
specifications, technical memps, Ietters, meeting minutes, and O&M manuals for municipalities and cities.

Bidding Administration - Handled bidding phase from start to finish.

Submitted public notice to newspaper for publishing; assisted in preparing, then produced and distributed plans and specifications;
maintained planholders' list; prepared, issued, and confirmed receipt of addenda; and completed bid tabulation.

Construction Administration - Prepared and reviewed contract documents.

Received and retumed submittals and RFIs; maintained logs.

Before shifting my focus solely on project-related tasks for our water/wastewater department, I previously also provided general support to
our firm

Additional tasks completed during this time included making travel arrangements; coordinating lunch and leas; and conference and
workshop registration and tracking,

Ako responsibk for the following tasks: Make travel arrangements and assign company vehicles.

De ieestemste oP eseettiail§ lb ol (oce

Coordimate lunch and learns.

Register engineers for conferences, workshops, and webinars.

As part of the master specifications/standards committee, create monthly meeting agendas and minutes.

Log, track, and implement master specification change requests.

Answer and route phone calls.

DStvie tem eceemiece leah

Prepare outgoing mail and UPS packages.

aekee een aeec hee

Customer Service Representative
RENT wAUCR ORG aa PAR Oe i aN RAO NMmESCL

© Provided full account servicing for the Sears Credit Cards Portfolio via incoming calls, including billing and payment inquiries and disputes,
