HEALTHCARE RECRUITER
Professional Summary

A highly ambitious, customer service oriented business professional, with experience in human resources, customer service and administrative
support. Expertise in client development and needs assessments.

My goalis to obtain a challenging and rewarding career opportunity, where my administrative, human resources, and customer service skills will be
fully utilized. I am team oriented, professional, and focused - I look forward to having an opportunity to discuss what I can contribute to your
tind

als
© Excelient interpersonal, HR and administrative skills i sissies tite
© Intermediate experience with MicroSoft Office programs arene nt rae are
© Motivated team member, who understands the value of providing accurate, professional, avn ron client needs assessment and
Bremen ned nn
Work History

April 2000 - Current Healthcare Recruiter Company Name [

© Acontingency, clinical staffing firm, assisting medical professionals such as RNs, Radiology Techs, Physical Therapists, Radiation Therapist,
and Pharmacists with obtaining permanent employment opportunities nationwide.

¢ Consult with client HR professionals, within all areas of the healthcare field, regarding clinical staffing needs.

© Created stafling partnerships with some of the largest healthcare fitcilities in the U.S., including Stanford University Hospital, Lucile Packard
Children's Hospital, Florida Hospital, Inova Health Systems, Adventist Healthcare, and Brigham Women's Hospital.

¢ Impkmented marketing strategies which resulted in continued growth of customer base.

April 1998 - December 1999 Healthcare Recruiter | Company Name | City , State

© Provided recruitment services to Virginia Beach General Hospital business groups for RN Management, Staff RN, and Allied Health
Ravine

Managed all phases of recruitment, including defining hiring management needs and posting availabk positions.
Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.
Analyzed employment-rehated data and prepared required reports.

Managed all aspects of the employee life cycle process, including on and off boarding.

Maintained an accurate candidate tracking system

Guided candidates through in-house computer testing.

Supported management in developing and implementing personnel policies and procedures.

OU eosioer avr Rionlcemlamat so nurana orn ser oaenM@Ccceeell saleem

Hired employees and initiated the new hire paperwork process.

Developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs.

Organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires.

Promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews.

Ug esve Mie nue ee enceseeiiiamernd ss

Screened all applicants based on their qualifications and background.

March 1990 - February 1997 Employnent and Staffing Representative | Company Name | City , State

© Coordinated recruitrrent and staffing services for both salaried and union employees for the state's largest utility company.
Provided HR support to all service groups including managers, directors and VPs, regarding Affinmative action goals & objectives, union
contract interpretation, and hiring and termination processes.

Drafied internal announcements and sent them in a timely manner.

Recruited for various positions across multiple sites in both Southside Hampton Roads, and the Peninsula.

Employed multiple feedback mechanisivs and analysis to continuously improve the recruiting process.

Thoroughly expkined the employee handbook during new employee orientations.

Initiated key partnerships with department management, which resulted in better candidate hire, and employce retention.
OU eosioer avr Rionlcemlamat so nurana orn ser oaenM@Ccceeell saleem

Supported management in developing and implementing personnel policies and procedures.

Developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs.

Organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires.

Promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews.

Networked with industry contacts, association memberships and associates.
