NC AIR GUARD HEALTH SERVICES MANAGER
LOnteae Ohana ong

A Highly Skilled and Attentive individual seeking a position that provides opportunities for professional growth and developrent. Extremely
motivated individual that will provide prompt, friendly, and professional service at all times. Leadership and Team Building
Skill Highlights

¢ * Logicaland Analytical Thinking Written and Oral Commumication * Customer Service Oriented Problem Solving * Motivated Self

Starter Critical and Creative Thinking * Over 4 years Medical technician Background Technology Background * Data Processing
Functions QUALIFICATIONS Certified Computer Technician * Extremely Customer Service Oriented Highly Reliable Technician *
Flexible work schedule Security Clearance * Technology Background Certified Electronic Health Records Specialist Certified Medical
Nh eye nas Rea snes)

Professional Experience
March 2013 to Current NC Air Guard Health Services Manager

Salary $38,264.88.

Worn cRince oe reonenmiycoanae nal ice

Interprets communications, directives, and publications.

Lies ra ek eo uc bates

Prepares health record copies and abstracts.

le iem ra eka ouice ibatee

Ui MLM RUM SOMMER auc Let NB ine ee

Maintains patient locator and suspense files.

Prepares, codes, and transmits clinical record cover sheets.

Miclicenucnecl na ueniaben meena sice

Transcribes physicians’ orders, and prepares requests for diagnostic tests, consultations, and referrals,

Wee rewitna bom OR iameceraaLomne Reis am Canc

Compiles information and prepares reports, graphs, and charts on bed occupancy, staffing, dental health, medical care from civilian sources,
and professional activities.

Uroieme eb Cay a tuennintulesUeicMelnounuecmeslne pete Lect elice

Prepares patient-related correspondence and special orders for patient assignment, reassignment, and aeromedical evacuation.
Performs procedures for network referrals.

Provides chims assistance and counseling to beneficiaries.

WOVE neBriabeR cool nanan arabe Lo te

erg eBiettne Rol unre Rweic a cons eee coue ce

Conpiles information, subsistence accounting, and prepares statistical reports.

Mov reR Caer Acre @ sts hese esse i alNSOe

Coordinates Third Party Collection (TPC) activities and prepares necessary reports.

Assists in manpower surveys and developing manpower standards.

Identifies manpower standard exceptions and deviations.

Screens medical records to gather data for medical audits.

Analyzes workload and cost data necessary to validate manpower requirements and develops adjustments and projections to support
clnical or mission changes.

February 2013 to August 2013 NC Air Guard Computer Technician

ERMC Re

Perforrs client-evel information technology support functions.

Manages hardware and software.

Performs configuration, management, and troubleshooting.

Removes and replaces components and peripherals to restore system operation.

IG Slit eRe niintccwoy onde mar ica yl angina eyye) elt ice

eo crus ed Okan Score Omar lend Lene eRueniurele tes Salers is tice
Reports security incidents and executes corrective security procedures.

oven ca aio qa Ree ACen el baeis

Manages hardware and software.

Performs configuration, management to include adds, moves, changes, and troubleshooting.
Plans, scheduks, and implements installation and maintenance fictions associated with voice systems.
Removes and replaces telephone instruments.

Reports security incidents and executes corrective security procedures.

Performs client-level Personal Wireless Communication Systems (PWCS) fictions.

Manages hardware, software, and Controlled Cryptographic Items (CCI).

Performs configuration management and troubleshooting.

Phns, scheduks, and implements installation and maintenance fictions associated with PWCS.
Removes and replaces components and peripherals to restore system operation.
