FACILITY MANAGER

RY

CO otee mm EL nla e ae reetic cn mamclcot nS mam (CN
Experience

Company Name City , State Facility Manager 01/2013 to 01/2017

Led a Staffofover 100 Paid and volunteer based teams to maintain and operate a 50k square foot facility situated on an 8 acre lot.

oot ocMisincsmiremishanhecev) noe nes Men crncbibiccacke da(uli Mm Ovarbemcuney aries onthe

oicmaclia cin brenioemuentcuens ome lechienscm bccn cmiliseatenanmudaeicretnesriarale)
rehabilitate mechanical equipment/systers, central heating and cooling, electrical power system enhancement Achieved savings through
effective planning and organizing while maintaining awareness of budget/constraints.

Assisted the Project Manager in the oversight ofall construction and renovation projects Implemented a Maintenance work order system to
oti coca eliartneentne One Ken bem

CMO resiiicobucE orn ietellecoleki Bion Covaneenyibam

Assisted in troubkshooting, maintaining, and Installing Audio and Video equipment Security and Retail Implemented a 25+ member
Volunteer Security team Planned and Led the installation ofa 32 and 16 channel CCTV camera system

CONE Le UCC SEO ere p aan reney eB NaCl Re aly ota Ori (om

Uatncetncbn cence eer pete bUONE yar’

Led, organized and trained staffand managers to run the operation of the cafe.

PCTS R IN Lee) suieatemmel Ooh Cnr Tle Este e@S EUR w ccece) ashe ytem

Manage the day to day operations of'a 50,000 square foot facility situated on an 8 acre lot that included special projects in construction,
Pl Re bawdy acoarece eee aCe cna ay moans h Aen dinecea cule ece

Promoted, Resolved and evaluated the necessary preventative routine maintenance ofall aspects of the facility including but not limited to a
2 acres Pond, waterfall, fountains, Elevators, Electrical, Roof, Landscaping, and HVAC.

Directed and Participated in Selecting of Staffand contractors inall areas of the facilities.

eeeee e oy

Company Name City , State Healthcare Program Planner Analyst 01/2007 to 01/2013

© Myresutts oriented background consisted of engineering and physical plant responsibilities in Healthcare that operated on a 7-day/24 hour
per day basis and included shift coverage.

I have reported directly to Vice Presidents, Directors, Supervisors, and Chief Engneers.

Carers uitcwes nce oetiealieesUimeecritein nian iTcm Loom Ae ican Ionian nl RE LeRCSaTy aos Oe
physical plant management ofa 330 bed hospital facility of 1,200,000 square feet and off-site locations that included large-scale special
projects, construction, and other support service requirements such as safety, security, buildings and grounds.

ON oan ceive he ccroua ce eda ei mee iced Sibu pen ubec nite (ccnp CHAR NOLG MANU EST eM Tc LnoE LTT SSL Une
responsible for safety and efficient operations as well as other aspects of the facilities preventive maintenance.

I also assisted with project mnagement for new constructions, renovations, alterations, mechanical, electrical, ulilities, HVAC/R, plurbing,
FiveResonmmoeli en trent uei Pre bcc aCe RS nie

Company Name City , State Shipping and Receiving Coordinator 01/2005 to 01/2007

CP CON Wocc er eh cechm RCo narlonck dled mec neequiuraia@ satkablbebraiscan sna eicy igen mesa Lett) acm
Operated heavy equipment and lifts, Assisted and Directed the distributions of packages and materials to all departments.

¢ Handkd sensitive supplies such as Bio Medical and Surgical supplies.

¢ Operated systems such as OTPS Receiving and Accounts Payable systems Located and researched Purchase Order information for proper
budgetary allocations.

¢ Shipped packages using FedEx, UPS and USPS systems.

Company Name City , State Nutritional Aide 01/2000 to 01/2005

Pe sine iarkeLoniap uncer Estoe cirencwclutene bnvateonm eee cbides\nat Bs) ucouea nce eice em el oC Anon cect ccm
© Participated in nutritional education activities.

¢ Assisted in making food and beverage items in accordance to mandated nutritional meal requirements.

CMW ornchecc Bete ncoutclbesec tii eneteRarcieceye cera niches

© Coordinated Distribution carts to Doctors and Students.

(eo ne Nee NAO CPeCoS eee nam een EeAt

© Managed the day to day fimetions ofan East Village Cafe, Opening and closing cafe, Ordering supplies, Customer Service, Placing Bakery
Orders, Managing Cash Register.

Education and Trainng

Present National Career Institute Electrical Assistant & HVAC-R -

A.A: Liberal Arts 2012 Essex County College , City , State Liberal Arts

Trade Certificate : Electrical Assistant & HVAC/R Tech January 2018 National Career Institute , City , State , United States Electrical Assistant
and HVAC- Certificate in commercial and residential wiring, motor control and theory consistent with the National Ekctrical Code. Ekctrical
safety including proper use of tools and equipment. Safety standards according to OSHA's ruks and regulations. electrical theory to installation
