EMERGENCY ROOM ADMITTING SPECIALIST/QUALITY ASSURANCE
Summary
Driven, highly dedicated to my job and duties (Quality Assurance). I aman active listener, excellent problem solver and Speak, write and read
ea sie a osmoics iene Cm rarnc cement hr tomalamacratscsrecks scm ice cnoet kee Et
building dynamic tearvs in an effort to achieve a goal for continual improverrent.

Accomplishments

Master's in Social Work Spring 2016 University of Utah

Bachelor's in Social Work Summer 2007 California State University of Los Angeks

schivor anes

Emergency Room Admitting Specialist/Quality Assurance Sep 2014 to Current

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Cir uriieckaiie ana ere cua eens enregeicetice

© Insures that patient informtion is collected and that patients are aware of hospital policies and procedures.

* Interview incoming patient or representative and enter information required for admission into computer database.
© Collect co-pays and deductibles ffom patients.

© Distribute appropriate information to ancillary departments.

© Cross trained in other areas and performany other duties as assigned (OP and IP).

HealthCare Rep Oct 2009 to Aug 2014
Company Name i City , State

© Interviewing clients ina hospital setting and/or home visits to assist them in obtaining maximum benefit coverage.

Completing applications for state and federal program, reviewing medical records and taking all actions necessary to expedite benefit
approval.

Maintain ongoing communications with government agencies regarding the status of chims.

Provide updates and assistance to hospital personnel and other staffas needed.

Knowledge of federal and state programs to benefit coverage for the client.

Understanding of and ability to apply the medical definition of disability as it relates to body systems and to fictions of daily living.

Ability to read and apply the information contained in medical records and prioritize.

Identify missing evidence and follow through to compktion.

Assists callers in resolving account issues by identifying and taking appropriate actions including completing required forms to support
application process.

Effectively educate and answer inquiries from patients and family representatives regarding application process and statuses.

ie. approval notices, denials and reapplications).

Assists clients with scheduling appointments and reminding of appointirents, as needed.

Maintain ongoing communication with other internal Resolve Application co-workers to obtain information and/or provide updates regarding
eats

Diligently follow-up with institutions/businesses resolving issues ultimntely affecting application approval.

Abke to identify appropriate escalation points as well as working with the escalation Team Leader to resolve issues, hstly, review outgoing
client mterial for accuracy prior to submittal,

Developrentalist/Caregiver Jul 2009 to Oct 2009
Company Name i City , State

* Provide direct care and training for developmentally disabled and/or mentally retarded (DD/MR), ambulatory and nor-ambulatory
individual at the Utah State Developmental Center.

Properly manage aggressive, self abusive, and non-compliant individuals.

Impkment and follow prescribed behavioral programs.

Transfer individuals correctly.

evo miicugecon ena mon Pons cc num eUne mei uIcereeniren@erocs @lamennu mel phy ced
rowel

ecmiS SO maa lomah Racine iat TCneeUrlie Ome eCnririomelLewlcobne FM Hasieerea@leriat sos
Ceo aTMUmIreniGrnUmMie Big neinncesaicana natal oe

Participating in and supervising patient activities.

B Kose meget mires <lce

Oe (esol erie Le Se COUOE ETT NUP R necl nelle cer RCcencRe ny eine ie

Mental Health Worker II Jan 2008 to Mar 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Update and maintain client charts with medical services.
© Meet with treatment team (psychiatrist, MFT's and Psychologists) to discuss clients treatment plan,
* Facilitate STEP group for clients parents.

¢ Facilitate Anger Management groups for Clients.

© Coordinate client services with local agencies.
