LICENSED UNITED HEALTHCARE INSURANCE SALES AGENT
Ritererstag

Talent for identifying customers’ needs and referring appropriate company products and services whik demonstrating the ability to gan customers’
trust providing exceptional follow up, Ieading to increased sales and repeated referral of business Expertise in resolving escalated customer service
issues quickly and effectively solving customers’ challenges. Track record for assisting the Customer Service and Saks dept. in achieving its
potential by using my implementing experience, increasing sakes 13.46% above goal also interacting with all levels of management to improve
customer and business satisfaction. Secured over 65 + Shared Success Awards; Received several Sales Agent of the month Awards; Awarded
mumerous prize/gifls, awards for consistently meeting/exceeding sakes goals, successfillly closed on all referred products and maintained weekly &
monthly KDM & QA Scores of 100%.

Say

Time Managenent, Effective Communication, Trouble Shooting, Problem Solving, Cloud technology, Skype, Proficient, Microsoft Office Suite,
Instant Messaging, Web Chat, Negotiating, Up-sell, Cross-Sell Ability, Outlook Emmi, Lotus Notes, Quicken, QuickBooks.

Experience

Licensed United Healthcare Insurance Sales Agent Sep 2014 to Oct 2015

(Ooi ote N lea LOL NaI IC

© Provided services to clients changing or updating healthcare insurance needs by upselling/cross selling a variety of health surance products.
¢ MA, MAPD, MED Sup and PDP's to groups and individual consumers geared to fit their healthcare needs.

¢ Assists with outbound campaigns to ensure customer satisfaction.

Demonstrates prospecting skills, meets or exceeds sales goals.

Delivers exceptional customers service to consumers to develop and build new client relationships by implementing strong people skills and
product knowledge while gaining custonrrs trust and buikding rapport whik following and adhering to hipaa guidelines and company policy.

Account Executive Sales Agent/FedEx Account Mar 2014 to Sep 2014
(Oo ta Neen ROSAS

© Responsibilities included maintaining and deepening existing customer rehtions.

¢ Made outbound telephone calls to engage customers with new products and services that would develop value propositions to meet their
ts neccbroetcee SoM nee irca ove) nieve ConShneRe ect en aie

© Successfillly delivered Client's family ofservices impkmenting well developed saks skill, collaboration, and effective negotiation.

¢ Conducted daily rapport building with customers using a consultative sales approach and while maintaining a regular contact with designated
accounts through an established sales process requirement.

Licensed United Healthcare Insurance Sales Agent Sep 2013 to Mar 2014
(een HT A NCP ALO SMES TIC

© Provided services to clients changing or updating healthcare insurance needs by upselling/cross selling a variety of health insurance products.

¢ MA, MAPD, MED Sup and PDP's to groups and individual consumers geared to fit their healthcare needs.

© Assists with outbound campaigns to ensure customer satisfaction.

© Demonstrates prospecting skills, meets or exceeds sales goals.

¢ Delivers exceptional customers service to consumers to develop and buikl new client relationships by implementing strong people skills and
product knowledge also gaining customers trust and building rapport while following and adhering per hipaa guidelines and company policy.

Customer Service Agent Apr 2013 to Sep 2013
(Oo rane L@L SAMI HI!

¢ Functioned as a primary resource in handling pharmacy / phanmcist contacts via telephone ranging from routine to complex, regarding
insurance authorization, benefits, chims, and general assistance.

CaP rcs cvecb eK monlba ce Mone head iecenutnta Tice lbcoluctobonecwelunllih@nenc lon miciaanty lee
Cleo urstbe gore itinealcerkume are sce koKcus ecb atts

¢ Deliver exceptional customer and abke to compkte calls expeditiously and accurately with assurance/confidence, accuracy, and
professionalism on every member/phanmacy/pharmacist interaction in a fast-paced call environment adhering all HIPAA and CMS
compliance and reguhtions.

Customer Service Task Specialist Jul 2006 to Aug 2008
(Ooi ota ea LOL NAIC

¢ Made contact with Creditors & new and existing clients daily to oper/update accounts; negotiated account terms for clients; added,
updated and modified PIF creditors on client profiles.

© Colkcted processed and modified payments of ACH amounts & dates; educated and advised clients of new or counter proposak.

¢ Consistently demonstrated effective customer service meeting/exceeding quota goals of 200 inbound/outbound calls daily while collaborating
with customer care depts.

© amp; manager to enhance customer service.

Education and Trainng
Compkted various courses and seminars in customer service, call center simulations saks strategies, banking terminology in the teller roke/ lockbox
operations, goal-setting, public-speaking and computer skills: Banking and Customer Service Training Certificate. Wachovia Bank NA; -
