ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE

Summary

Extensive experience in healthcare management, leadership, mentor, healthcare sales, customer service; Succeeded in exceeding targets and
expectations; Eamed the reputation of being the most dependable and trusted healthcare care employee Recognize for dedication and
professionalism Received praise for handling situations with a professional and positive attitude on my current job. I was given praise by my
mmunager for my great communication skills and my willingness to be flexible with the schedule that my company currently required. Authorized to
work in the US for any employer

alg

Ninvinesrraeaeene er @sluine
Proven patience and self-discipline
Motivation techniques specialist
(Oierge bas ealcod

[Nias eceiibey

elton aces

Personal and professional integrity
Rehtionship and team building
RYstreRicuc ei brslai
Riniidteiainestee kee eserasg
Effectively influences others
Critical thinking proficiency

schivor anes
06/2017 to Current
Account Executive Company Name i City , State

Generating referrals for home health by building relationships with physicians, long term care, independent and assisted living facilities and
other conmumity resources.Conduct market analysis; develop sales strategy, goals and plans.Conducting sales calls, and evaluating results
and effectiveness of sales activitySupport business development activities and help establish strong relationships with new and existing
Feder Rvellawe

Call on physicians, hospitals, skilled nursing facilities’ managerrent, discharge planners, and case managers within an assigned territory to
promote our home health services. Build and nnintain client relationships.

Prepare business plans and maintain target lists.

Prioritize accounts in accordance with the market sales plan.Gather and organize account-related information and provide input on key
customer opportunities, service line extensions and proposal or contract pricing.

Identifies, develops and nnintains relationships with prospective referral sourcesActively pursues payer contracts and preferred provider
networksUtilizes sales skills and product knowledge to obtain new patientsEfféctively utilizes the CRM.

OES CrH ees
Director of Healthcare Strategy Company Name 1% City , State

Carefilly selected, developed and retained qualified staff, as well as trained A new staff annually.

Evaluated patient care procedural changes for eflectiveness.

Created annual goals, objectives and budget and made recommendations to reduce costs.

Assisted in the design and execution of programs that contributed to aA growth of the organization in the fiscal year.

Adninistered, directed and coordinated the activities of the agency.

Ko steccesicotairect brainer enemulinecleclimeemteereelntn ning

Expertly phnned, coordinated, organized and directed all operations of the agency.

Directed the installation of improved work methods and procedures to achieve agency objectives.

[Keer telcos tesla cure cwtreeneanzalceecm Rant niibei eta ecm

Impkmented standards and methods to measure the effectiveness of agency activities.

Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge of applicable state and Federal laws and regulations.

Sourced and implemented new performance appraisal process.

Provided thorough supervision for day-to-day operations of facility in accordance with set policies and guidelines.

Diligently monitored the QA (Quality Assurance) program to improve performance and maintain high standards of care.

Minimized staff tumover through appropriate selection, orientation, training, staff education and development.

Established and maintained positive relationships with government regulators, residents, families, other area health care providers, physicians
BrveRer er tiismeaalgten

Organized and led weekly personnel meetings withA team members.

Developed and managed budget and revenue expectations whik actively seeking ways to eliminate or reduce expenses.
Corresponded with operations staff to ensure key client deliverables and revenue goals were met.

Closely monitored competitor activity, legislative and regulatory initiatives and agency concems and contracts and developed strategies to
respond.

Revised policies and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal hws and regulations.

Coached and developed a care team that consistently ranked among the top in its region for key clmical, performance and financial
