PROJECT MANAGER
Professional Summary

Accomplished Information technology proféssional with 20 years of experience in the software development lifé cycle (SDLC) with focus on
See ye LE tlc Une Dol hes Olena Lon MES aun unl eee clue EER ail cu a Gl asain
Professional (PMP). A A Accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments.

Accomplished IT professional with 20 years of experience in the software development life cyck (SDLC) with focus on A application analysis and
design, application development, systems testing, and systems integration. A Certified as a Project Management Professional (PMP).

AA Accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments, A Professional, detail-oriented Project Manager
Heat eeM ORs ee De) SUCRE RICH a OM INC ECR ee eR Questtt eect’

als
Issue resolution « Microsoft Office Suite
© Budgeting ¢ SQL and databases
© Team oversight « Data mopping
¢ Business artifacts documentation © Test case scenarios
© Project finance © Quality assurance
CNY (iiss ceed © Testing plans
© Organized « Bug tracking
© Project planning Cae Nopeigiedincny
Work History

Project Manager , 07/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Leads and supports complex projects or programs including the plnning, managerrent, and implementation of assigned projects and/or
programs within the Consumer Private Wealth Management portfolio of the Enterprise Execution Services organization.

Creates and is responsible for critical project managerrent deliverables such as the Business Case, Project Plan, Stakeholder
Communications Management Plan, and Risks/Issues Log.

Manages projects in accordance with the defined SunTrust PMO project govemance methodologies in completing project work, resolving
issues, and supporting recommendations.

Leads in the assessment of potential new opportunities, analyzing opportunity at a high-level and defining approach, and works with
Business managers and Executive sponsors to agree on project scope and approach.

Manages project financials and project resources Analyzes variances to the project scheduk, scope, and budget.

Directs changes to the project scope and cost and implerrents the appropriate change management processes to keep the project on track.

Healthcare Product Manager , 07/2009 to 05/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Evaluated the systems needs of the Healthcare business and led a team of Business Analysts through the product lifecycle ofnew and
Otte tc toe

Collborated with SCRUM team using Agile Methodology to define and deliver Healthcare systeis strategy and roadmap.

Supported an Agile Software Development process, working in conjunction with end users / stakeholders and technical delivery team.
Facilitated Scrum ceremonies such as daily stand-ups, backlog grooming, sprint planning, reviews (demp) and retrospectives.

Led daily scrums to communicate current day's goals, previous day's achievements, and any impediments or concems inan Agile Scrum
environment.

Ensured that systems defects/enhancerments were identified and tracked in JIRA, communicated to the development team, and resolved ina
timely manner by prioritizing the product backlog to ensure correct sequencing and alignment with business value.

Acted as the single point of contact between the business and the Healthcare development team to provide clear priorities for new feature
fimctionality and field issues to the development team emabling efficient utilization of resources consistent with business priorities.

Worked with stakehoklers and product owner developing rekase plans Mamged third-party implementations from concept development to
ererluelice

Transkted business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.

Managing Consultant , 08/2000 to 04/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Designed and implemented supply chain transformtion solutions for clients in the industrial sector to improve overall operational efficiencies
ine Ra leah a Lecce

Managed boarding process for new customers ofa global expense reporting solution tool.

Supported workload management and scheduling system change control records, analyzed requirements for hosting- specific components of
the global expense reporting solution, coordinated workload management and assignment for problem records, and managed probkm

Frome eee RP ameccs lb revo) Ni LOnm

Reduced overall problem records by 50%.

Managed transformation and migration of servers from data centers and coordinated daily tasks of custorrer and IBM personnel ina
