REGISTERED NURSE

Professional S

To provide safe, efficient, and quality care to patients and their families whileA adhering to policies and procedures.
| Brant

Completed coursework in Anatomy and Physiology, Anatomy Lab, English Composition, Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation, Microbiology and
Microbiology Lab, and Medical Tenninology

Sep tenets

Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook

Professional Experience

06/2016

Registered Nurse Company Name i City , State

Self-motivated leader with over 8 years of experience in emergency medicine and health care.

Nose Hom heir a OR iibc Com nel UES rnb cel een Tues re liraminbuereasniitad

Trainer and teacher who can effectively break down tasks so they can be understood and executed without flaws.

Facilitator of group projects to help others understand the objective and how to produce an effective outcome of the job being presented.
Creative mindset that can present an outcome in more than one way with many options being availbke.

Abke to communicate with other team members from diverse backgrounds and incorporate the needs of every individual to create a positive
atmosphere.

Abke to recognize abnormalities and report them ina timely and efficient manner.

Flexible by being able to quickly adapt to change at the last minute and compkte the project without delays.

Mentored those in the health care field to understand the emergency medical system and reporting standards, while having the knowledge to
formulate and present reports to the next echelon of care.

¢ Knowledgeable of reguhtory requirements in order to adhere to healthcare standards and protocok.

Conpketion of over 120 clinical hours of Medical Surgical, Pediatric, and Psychiatric health services.

11/2010 to 05/2013
Medical Technician/ Healthcare Specialist Company Name 1% City , State

Supervisor: SSG Stover, Kenneth, Weekly Hrs.

Conc moen

HEALTH CARE STATISTICS / REPORTING: Extracted medical statistical reports from Composite Health Care System (CHCS) and
Anned Forces health Longitudinal Technology Application (ALTHA) a Department of Defense (DOD) health information system.
Me OHM RCH MMC Cn TUM ei cklneeesn roel ene tocice
medical leave of absences and hospitalizations, on a weekly basis.

© Created visual aids such as charts and graphs using Microsoft PowerPoint for meeting presentations,

Presented statistical informmtion regarding to medical appointirents, illnesses and injuries in weekly medical staff meetings to the hospital
Medical Surgeon.

Communicated with the clinical staffand the Medical Officer in charge to address any reporting discrepancies.

TRAINING: Trained 2 Medical Technicians in medical administration and health care statistical reporting,

Conducted hands-on training, demonstrated the fimctionality of DOD health nfonmation systems.

Monitored the work performance of the Medical Technicians.

MON cual bar bien cB octlela moray ecenichmiece tions mnaroeiaramnes nieces tears sien mene metic id
Lyte

COLLABORATION: Attended weekly medical in-service training to discuss various health topics.

Presented information monthly in weekly in-service to discuss medical and public health related trends and issues.

Mentored other Medics in medical training exercises on a monthly basis.

Provided guidance to Medical Technicians whik performing medical continuous education units (CEU)s or patient care refresher training
such as first responder protocol, triage care and other levels of medical care.

08/2008 to 11/2010
Medical Technician Company Name

City, State, Supervisor: SSG Ellis, Courtney, Weekly Hrs.

Worked: 60 Extracted physician orders froma hospital database such as the Composite Health Care System (CHCS).

(OO Minecbo ne une onmueee en WiC Connea rar nila C ete

Identified patients by utilizing proper identification cards, verified patient demographics prior to performing ordered test.

Obtained procedural consent forms.

Maintained and secured patient information in accordance to Privacy Act of 1974 and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
(HIPAA) practices.

IMMUNIZATIONS: Provided a safe and comfortable experience for patients.

Prepared patients for the administration of immunizations through subcutaneous and intramuscular routes.

Pn arceb rena loioerremncncc@lres enero sie tuizabermwuliab re ibis ene Nts

Adhered to and practiced Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) guidelines; wore personal protective equipment (PPE),
PeoB aes oe erect LMU SmeNc MES acemi tees ura eens a skeen nle ce
