FIELD BASED NURSE CHART REVIEWER - HEALTHCARE INFORMATICS

Professional Summary

Seventeen years of nursing experience from multiple different facilities and hospitals: Diverse background in nursing as a Registered Nurse.
Registered Nurse Manager

schivor anes

Field Based Nurse Chart Reviewer - Healthcare Informtics

AT PACE Ot cra Gon snarl atROL Nema)

Founder, CEO, Director of Nursing and Business Operations Provide high quality nursing care to individual and corporate clients by
integrating evidence-based practices for best nursing care. Group addresses several specialized areas of Best Nursing Practices. Services
sina Delon

Ekctronic medical record implementation and support

AN leet vest oneal wire eB te tess)

Behavioral Nurse Consultant Services

NIA Nee Ae Hintecencecm oe ees toe}

Nurse Consultant Services

Leadership Nurse Consultant Services

Quality Assurance Nurse Consultant Services

Safety Consultants

Healthcare Advocate Consultant Services

Legal Nurse Consultant Services

Servicing Managed Medicare Contracts. Services include:

Oversaw the Skilled Nursing and Short-term Rehab unit.

Clmical resource and coordinator for all services provided to the residents

Oversaw supervisor level support staff for the nurses, and our certified nursing assistants.

Provided a nursing contribution to the multi-disciplnary team meetings and family meetings.

Assisted in the assessment process to develop individual care plans for patients ensuring information around all aspects of their physical,
psychological, social, spiritual needs are covered.

Continually evaluated the effectiveness of the care plans/dressings and medications and ensured that any required changes were carried out
PiRaoe islet Gomieecuccw ie nerd tciullpesetonaniceyeccsirele sen

Developed and oversaw the MDS schedule to ensure MDS assessments were completed per Federal Regulations. Ensured all members of
the Interdisciplmary Team were completing all sections of MDS accurately per Federal Regulations.

Completed all necessary non- Medicare MDS assessments (Initial Admission Assessments, Quarterly, Annual, and Significant Changes).
Completed re-certifications as needed for Medicare recipients. Initialized comprehensive resident care plans in accordance with MDS CAA
and CAT.

Participated in care planning meeting to ensure resident care is discussed and CAA assessments are completed per Federal Regulations.
Continually assessed resident MDS submissions. Analyzed MDS data for case mix followed the Medicare PPS and MDS processes per
REiGHnG etlacl bull seineoy

© Performed submissions of MDS data to CMS utilizing the facility computer system.

Reported to the facility QA committed monthly regarding audits related to MDS process. Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, National Disaster Medical System- DMAT NY6 -
Intermittent Employee- .RN Special Government Employee (SGE) Syracuse, NY 7/2010-6/2014

Deployable Registered Nurse, who completed all the trainings for New York State and the Federal National Disaster Medical Systen; we
were a team that could be deployed to emergent situations and catastrophes.

© This teamis ina constant ready state to be sent ifneeded. (Goverment team) Onsite and remote Quality Assurance chart reviews for
Medicaid and Medicare projects, HEDIS, CARA, HCC, Performance Physician reviews and other Quality Assurance projects.

Director of Nursing Services (Full-time)
April 2010 to Jamary 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

« Admissions screener, as well as the employee health department.

© Ensured qualified employees and contractors provided patient care/safety and paraprofessional services in, accordance with applicable hw
and regulations and accepted standards of care, as well as Interim HealthCare policies and procedures.

© Ensured that daily patient care and client services as well as related office activities were conducted in accordance with applicable 'law and
regulation. Ensured patient care, safety and paraprofessional services were provided in accordance with acceptable standards of care and
Interim HealthCare performance standards.

© Ensured that Interim HealthCare policies and procedures are implemented and consistently followed. I had to supervise 50 field staff
oversaw 130 clients, and individually case managed 35 clients, ranging from J year of age to 102 years of age.

© Performed the fictions for maintaining corporate compliance and ako fimetioned as the safety supervisor for both patient and staff safety
needs. I have accessed and completed reports through Quality Net, Quadra Med, and COPE.

¢ Analyzed and identified trends from adverse-event reportings, and performed root cause analysis.

* Held educational nursing in-services to develop and foster the staff about patient and staff safety initiatives.

Assistant Director of Nursing
July 2007 to January 2008 Company Name it City , State

PS nS 0 ne Ea LS Seen ENN OO Le eS OOM: 9 | een ees Et A 5 Ot Sn en oO BSS
