HEALTH INFORMATION SPECIALIST

Si

Highly efficient, detail oriented HIM Specialist with extensive experience in all types of request relating to release of information and medical record
management. Dedicated professional skilled in technical and clerical support with strong ability to clearly and professionally communicate with
providers, patients, attorneys and insurance companies. Over 10 years Health Information experience. Skill profile *Enhanced ere ceteke
HIPAA and HITECH compliance; state and federal laws goveming rekase of protected health information in both paper and electronic form
See Ee GIR ne UR Oat cle UE cade Canam RCTS nB Osc Tnl Rene EE Day eM eel Coo
Medilink, Centricity, Docuware, 3M Encoder, and Medisoft; various MS Applications. *Reliable analyst to ensuring medical record readiness and
completeness through managenent of ICR feature and audit. *Solid leadership in customer service, excellent interpersonal relations and problem
solving and can effectively coordinate amongst diverse range of clients hence, promoting optimal outcome.

Experience

January 2016

io)

Current

Company Name City , State Health Information Specialist

© Process release of protected health information to other health care facilities and providers for continuation of care; insurance carriers;
attomeys; DDS; copy service organizations; employers; educational Institutions; as well as for patient's personal use in accordance with
federal and state hw as well SLRI policy and procedure.

Validates and releases protected health information for egal proceedings including subpoenas and court orders; and also for the purpose of
Beas runt al oamice ninainericar cece Ete Bel cle

Asserrbies and ensures patient chart completeness through ICR management.

Performs most favorable guest relations interaction with diverse clients that reflects SLRI values and principks.

April2013

to

January 2016

Company Name City , State Health Information Specialist

© Colkaborated/coordinated with physicians and various coding/nsurance companies to clarify queries regarding medical procedures, medical
Cureton bribaleuacoanencceOn nore loataraice lagen

¢ Key teammenber to ensuring adequate patient chart documentation and accurate medical diagnosis coding that meets billing requirement

Dla paren eg Os yedcm tne RU imc ola ons meee bine bial ot

Ensured timely compktion/submission of billing; resolved issues with billing delays; analyzed underpayment/non-payment.

Managed process to ensure that billing errors rate of resolutions remained under 10 days.

Supported the revenue cycle process by reducing outstanding billng of S800K to under $400K.

RDP c ees cee Dic es Os consuluont gion doce mines oe iscm in arcana

CoE Bienen apne ncn nonce ec let ne kscanta tod nonam lange teal ener ane

September 2011

Lo)

March 2013

Company Name City , State Healthcare Record/Payroll Coordinator

© Managed healthcare records and billing for home health care facilities; audited files for quality, accuracy and completeness with focus on
achieving high quality metrics; and released all types or ROI request.

¢ Maintained compliance with city, state and federal guidelines/regulations by promoting policies to ensure staffadherence to documentation
handling/compkteness guidelines as well as document confidentiality and security practices.

SO Cag oi ee econ US Ea ee keene nel es eee Tc ntr antec ene cacl on

Recognized and awarded for timely/accurate payroll processing for 400 employees and billing process.

July 2009

Lo)

Lele Oa Au)

Company Name City , State Medical Records Lead

© Initiated and ked as ROI Specialist managing all aspects of medical records storage and audits for three clinics representing 3K+ active
Ge uss Bconce Reb nea Punnemiliannet marisa vavad eset eek OR CO/ (ec Car
bon eencnd Noms wav Reonaluenne nse arinene culate

+ Held direct accountability for 200 active charts; streamlined docurrent avaihbility through improved medical record organization; identified
medical record inefficiency and resolved issues to eradicate future discrepancies which resulted to optimal audit readiness.

Education and Training

yANY

Spokane Community College City , State Associate of Arts Degree : Health Information Technology Health Information Technology
Health Records Clerk certification RHIT Pending

Skills
