CERTIFIED PERSONAL TRAINER
Sareea) ples rain

Certified Personal Trainer A

CE tocecrcreR URONIC a Ne neRata ye CUCM Mc H ECB OM Corse cee amsaa oc)

CO orapem Wich ob lcr Mel gees iulncke qucen Since aOR Cm NO naciLe cum sO \CB LCM NAM a Ciara mina ci
overall well beng. Very Goal-oriented and self-motivated with talent in motivating others and developing a foundation to meet individual client
goals, And most important ofall creating a warm environment in which clients ofall ages can successfillly achieve health and wellness goals.

Core Qualifications
¢ Construction
¢ OSHA Certified
Teas 7X CaN OO eGo cel
¢ Permit processing
CBT @cr tices ¢ Safe job site set-up
¢ CPRand Fist Aid certified © Power and hand tool operation
¢ AED certification CUNEO ebocnraane
CMAN erausiyncunaoeoss © Organized and detail-oriented
¢ Personabk and fiendly © Superb management skills
¢ Fitness programming specialist Ce Beans)
© Fitness assessments PR Gosnranobiceinosaynoritey
SM Oelostel chee LO MESO exer rr taLeat ones alls
© Detaitoriented
© Friendly and hardworking
Experience
Certified Personal Trainer

February 2014 to Current Company Name i City , State

Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.

PCS ke) ore CR RENAL ee reUClT Dace nareReetio irene eh ccuckenllae Bitrate ice
Contributed to the operation ofa clean, friendly and well maintained health club.

eet Rion OEMS TNC R ates eee talons

Guided clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.

Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other activities in the gym to meet fitness goals,
Arrived on time, prepared and attentive for every training appointment.

Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales.

Re-racked weights to maintain a neat, organized and clean club.

Devised and announced new chsses and distributed guest passes to market the chub.

Led weekly meetings to review performance and offer direction, motivation and guidance toward achieving individual and facility goals.
Counseled clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits.

PAX e BI ECE S LOM

LOTNEt aa sew
January 2014 to December 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

een eca Lateran uniccd msbiclubteetaea nema Kant uesnavenilnexe culuiesincbresiccr oblate tie
Ded erste

Review work throughout the work process and at compktion to ensure that it has been performed properly.

Collaborate with workers and managers to solve work-related problens.

Resolve personnel problems, comphints, or formal grievances when possibk, or refer them to higher-level supervisors for resolution.
Transmit and explain work orders to hborers Assess training needs of staff and arrange for/or provide appropriate instruction.
Conduct staff meetings to relay general information or to address specific topics, such as safety.

Evaluate employee performance and prepare performance appraisals.

WOO na RENCE ecnsl mon cat kem ror eninie tii age a CCnCh eM Oe vam ras sins

Prepare and maintain work records and reports of informtion such as employee time and wages, daily receipts, or inspection results.
iovcdaecti uns CMC meso meouiicdsmoncdiiclioenekcarnneros Cree sisilccrirate mains vast(ocl

Personal Trainer
April2012 to November 2013 Company Nan 1% City , State

OSurea oboe bck CO OSOn me noraicpien ke ocen a lntiness

Offer alternatives during chsses to accommodate different kvels of fitness.

Plan routines and choose different movements for each set of muscks, depending on participants capabilities and limitations.

Evaluate each individuals abilities, needs, and physical conditions, and develop suitabk: training programs to meet any special requirements.
