MEDICAL RECORD TECHNICIAN

Professional Summary

A Healthcare Administration Professional combining higher education (B.A, M.HL.A.) with a history of building strong alliances and partnerships
with business professionals, patients, medical personnel (physicians, nurses, allied health), families, and community members to steer operational
projects, meet long/short term healthcare/business objectives, architect process improvements, ensure regulatory/HIPAA compliance and position
the healthcare operation as the provider of choice/ Electronic Medical Record and Health Information Management/. Member: American College
of Healthcare Executives Builds Instant Rapport and Relationships with Patients/Healthcare Professionals Negotiates Mutually Beneficial Solutions
Diplomatic Communicator Exceeds Healthcare/Business Objectives Sources Cost-Effective Solutions Process Improverent Compliant with
HIPAA/Organizational Guidelines Ambitious and Dedicated Project and Program Mamgement] Exceptional and Creative Problem Solving Skills
Built loyal business relationships with patients, colleagues, physicians, families, and allied healthcare professionals across a premier fast-paced
medicaVhealtheare facility while administering and maintaining healthcare records, organizing patient schedules, steering projects/programs,
architecting improvements to business/healthcare operations, mitigating costs, maximizing compliance levels, and partnering with physicians and
colleagues to share best practices and meet organizational objectives. Data analysis of multiple projects within a system Ability to work under
pressure and balance many competing priorities. Maintain quality control and provided leadership oversight of patient safety. Strong knowledge of
Electronic Medical Records(EMR) system Develop project plans and identify key issues, Identifies data needs and requirements proactively along
with implement project solutions that meet productivity, quality and client-satisfaction goals. Maintained Confidentiality, Sensitivity, Accuracy, and
Compliance with Organizational and HIPAA Reguhtions while mamging patient, organizational, and healthcare information and entering, updating,
and validating records. Improved the Overall Patient Experience whik providing superior patient care and serving as a primary point of contact to
Positively impact patients, families, community referrals, and visitors. Communicated with Patients and Families, Physicians, and Colkagues ina
diplomntic, caring, and empathetic manner to provide emotional support, answer questions, resolve issues conceming the administrative
coordination of their care, and ensure high levels of patient satisfiction. Identified Roadblocks to Architect Innovative Performance Improverrents
charged with resolving issues, increasing efliciency/eflectiveness, enhancing business operations, meeting Jong/short term objectives, optimizing the
quality of patient care, boosting fiscal revenues, and maximizing compliance levels. Assigned and Prioritized Patient Care Services, Procedures,
PIMP HeuU er chon uce cus Meni inti celcre exec Un cr cekercnunegecl once MR tee Omccc@MLOR Gln mrcsHie etme cen dat]
Administrative/O fiice/Accounting Support. Organized files and records, prepared invoices, agendas, and expense reports, created presentations,
authored correspondence ketters/memoranda, and ordered supplies. Managed, Allocated, and Forecasted Inventory Level, monitored
equipment/supplies, and scheduled maintenance/repairs to ensure uninterrupted operations and the completion of complex projects/programs
within aggressive deadlines. Empowered Junior Staff Members to Meet both Individual and Team Goals by providing both training and positive
and consultative leadership. Answered questions, resolved stafVoperational issues, and shared best practices.

als

Work History
Medical Record Technician , 10/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Healthcare Information Management Processes request for release of confidential information for all purposes.

Analyzes complex data for completeness and accuracy.

Performs specialized and diversified clerical duties associated with medical records procedures.

Adheres to internal controls and reporting structure.

Collect, Analyze and report data related to the quality of health information including its adequacy completeness and accuracy.
Analyzes, interprets and investigates complex documentation compliance issues.

Distributes and release informtion in an efficient manner of time in order to improve health outcomes and quality of service Maintain
Regulatory compliance such as (HIPPA) and monitors quality of releasing Health Information Ensures customer service satisfaction and
builds high level of leadership for business operations.

HEALTHCARE UNIT COORDINATOR , 01/2012 to 03/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* UNITI.

Voluenteer FLoor Host , 01/2010 to 01/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Demonstrated compassion, respect, eadership, expertise, and dignity while interacting with patients, families, physicians, and colleagues of
diverse culturalsocio-economic backgrounds and beliefS; aggregated and organized patient data with sensitivity and confidentiality,
distributed patient mail, communicated healthcare standards and organizational protocols, and resolved roadblocks.

Impkment quality improverrent activities to increase patient satisfaction.

Creates, manages and analyzes complex databases.

Ensure quality and timely execution of project deliverables effectively within the organization.

Establishes practices that meet or exceed customer expectations and fosters a “customer focused” environment.

Maintained Accurate Docurrentation/Records in compliance with organizational government guidelines.

Upheld the Philosophies/Objectives of Patient Care whik both participating in department process improvement activities and accelerating
professional knowledge/development.

Healthcare Unit Coordinator , 06/2012 to 03/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Ceara Rata Was Bal at eaten aaa ae aloe Bente Dee ate aa toate ad
