PERSONAL HEALTHCARE ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Personal Nursing Assistant with 4+ years work experience in fast-paced environment handling confidential paperwork, administering
medication and providing quality, empathetic, patient-focused care, monitored vital signs, assisted with feeding, bathing/grooming, positioning and
range of motion exercises. Highly compassionate and Looking for a long term care position.

Licenses

CPR Certification , Adult First Aid Certification , Child First Aid Certification , Environmental Emergencies Certification ,
Adult/Child CPR With Mask Certification , Adult/Child AED Certification , Infant CPR With Mask Certification , Through the American
Sol waco Lee

Skill Highlights
© Understands medical procedures © Quick problemsolver
¢ Understands mobility assistance needs ¢ General housekeeping ability
CREO eritiezon nario © Medical tenvinology knowledge
© Abs to lift 50+ pounds CRRA Ry Oks nous ost
© Trained in grooming and bathing assistance ¢_- Reliable transportation
© Respiratory equipment traning © Calmand kvel-headed under duress
. © Trained in catheter change and preparation

DedturunnibemeimacteRew lag

Professional Experience
06/2013 to 12/2013
Personal Healthcare Assistant Company Name it City , State

Ooms Rodtenedetcneiuce Cs ueargesicateeen bie OMineterm andes an
Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.
Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.

Provided companionship to clients.

Oe eine Reyes Loum nigel state

Were edret one EB onire MOT UNA UrSnKUmNcninnceciresinemlautaninem

Provided patients and families with emotional support.

OOO e Lane Py enon bulibcaccninecninekaraeltctcanr ans

01/2010 to 08/2012
Personal Home Health Care Assistant Company Name i’ City , State

Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.

Wor erecdretcone EB onire OE nnn Men iNUmNCn macy espe lantininm
Facilitated games and other activities to engage clients.

Maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked environment.

Nb HCN oleh ccremoreUUMrcM iin beb beter kelnow talc etree
OO Ce Lane Oy cnn mMlbccninecnineRanaelcton ens
Administered simple range of motion exercises.

Sensitive to the needs of geriatric patients.

Exhibited compassionate care and communication with regard to issues of death and dying.
Provided patients and families with emotional support.

Assisted with ADLs.

Docurrented resident records on daily flow sheets.

Recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in patients’ health status to nursing staff.
Tended to patients with chronic illnesses.

yo ceBuanerlbinesnexelcR beer eg eos cena weasel c ee

Assisted with transferring patients in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equiprrent.
Positioned patients for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problerrs.

Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.

Collected urine and fecal sampks.

Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration and BP.

Compkted and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.

04/2005 to 07/2007
Personal Healthcare Assistant Company Name i City , State

¢ Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.Observed and documented patient status and reported patient comphints to the case
