OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH NURSE COORDINATOR

Professional Summary

Dedicated RN with over 20 years experience in nursing seeking career transition into a new clinical setting. Able to offer a solid foundation in
occupational health, office managerment, triage, endoscopy, homecare, primary patient care and current healthcare advancements. Highly
motivated, dedicated, flexible and compassionate with proven expertise in communication, organization and documentation skills. Valuable
interpersonal skills, forging relationships and collaborating with interdisciplnary teams to develop outstanding care/support and to facilitate a
friendly and caring environment. Dependable, responsible and autonomous; able to work independently or within a group.

Core Qualifications

© Skill Nane Hone
SPW eruanavcntar at PRG PRM secon cnaeN
ee cea seccit) 1), © Expert Currently used/22 years
OMe sCorreetceds (ose Orie -\ ORB nek On rental Pep ne
PSone ha kettle a Me Once Otel aisce eR
© Healthcare EducationA Cee roc rucnharecs eRe
© JCAHO Standards / Compliance OP Wrrnorg er unl arcu se acers
* Rehtions erg On nan Ric
OMB Crineertas) alicLO nero See een a cP Z Bc)
* Quality Assurance / Quality Control * Expert Currently used/22 years
© Records MaintenanceA

schivor anes

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH NURSE COORDINATOR

September 2011 to May 2012 Company Name 1 City , State To provide comprehensive occupational and environmental health services
including but not limited to occupational medicine, industrial hygiene, industrial safety and administrative tasks. Assessment of all injuries or illness,
first aid, CPR, and emergency treatment to all employees and guests. Educate about basic health care, prevent heath issues, monitor the health
condition of the employees, dispense medication(s); train and support other staff members and manage the health risks within the facility. Referral
of employees to the appropriate medical services or arrangements for physician requested treatrrents. Develop and implement "Wellness program!
activities. Highlights of Contributions: Respond to all medical emergencies immediately * Provide Cardiovascular Pulmonary
ResuscitatioAutomated Extemal Defibrillator and first aid; annual training to support staff in AED and periodic device monitoring * Submit and
track Medical Incident Reports within five days of occurrence and follow-up * Provide and disperse over-the-counter drugs in accordance with
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) or Standing Orders * Provide and perform physicals and medical examinations including job specific
testing * Administer vision, respiratory and hearing screening, * Maintain mother’s nursing rooms * Administer Influenza vaccine program and
allergy injections per physician orders * Administer vaccines for business related travel * Host and coordinate blood drives, “Wellness prograns”
and other education programs; maintain and provide educational materials * Maintain Ergonomics, Wellness, and Blood Borne Exposure Contro!
Programs * Monitor and order clinic and office supplies * Host health related serrinars * Coordinate annually written policies, SOPs and Standing
Orders * Maintain employee records

Physician Liaison/Nurse Triage/GI Nurse

December 2000 to October 2011 Company Name i'4 City , State

© AmSurg Corp., Washington, DC Physician Liaison/Nurse Triage: Assisted the physicians in all aspects of patient care. Assessed and
prioritized cach incoming patient telephone call and advise them in basic treatment or recommend secking immediate care ina local hospital,
ER, or assisted them with scheduling an office visit. Additional responsbilities included, but not limited to: diagnostic test results via email
and phone, prescription refills, medication and diagnostic pre-certifications, scheduling, completing medical forms and various office duties
as required. Highlights of Contributions: * Acted as an extension of the health care team to meet the patient's needs. * Received &
processed telephone calls from patients requiring medical advice or general informtion. * Assessed the patient's problem utilizing
established protocols while interacting with the physician and/or additional healthcare resources. Made appropriate recommendations to
include advice, appointments per protocol, or direction from physician. * Documented calls received, in the patients chart. * Performed
follow-up call to ensure adequate medical service was provided and received. * Acted as an extension of the health care team to meet the
patient's needs. * Assisted patients in an empathetic, efficient manner to determine best course of action to resolve the presenting issuc. *
Met regional standards set by the physicians and office management to achieve optimal patient satisfaction such as phone and email access.
Was receptive to constructive feedback by supervisors and/or patients to better improve service. * Contributed to the development of
protocols, procedures, patient education, & training * Demonstrated the ability to make quick decisions, based on sound base of critical
thinking, skills, knowledge and guidelines. * Interacted and communicated effectively with a variety of levels of staff to provide and improve
customer service to patients and their families. * Other related duties performed: scheduled office and diagnostic appointments; reviewed
prescription refill requests; communicated laboratory and pathology results via ermail and voice messages; obtained and completed pre-
authorizations for medications and diagnostic tests; completed medical forms (ie. patient, state, imsurance, etc.) and directed patient care
and teaching. GI (Endoscopy) Nurse: Assessed, planned, implemented, supervised and evaluated direct and indirect nursing care for
patients in the endoscopy setting. Established a patent IV prior to the procedure and phlebotomy as needed. Assisted the physicians with
administering conscious sedation during endoscopy procedures. Highlights of Contributions:

Maintained a comprehensive multidisciplinary approach to patient care, working closely with the entire GI surgery team

Assisted the physician performing the procedure with manipuhtion of the colon, removal of any polyps and tissue biopsies; retrieved and
submitted all specimens to the laboratory to determine the pathology.

Assisted with care of the specialized equipment in the endoscopy suite, including equipment management and cleaning.

Followed-up with telephone commumication after the endoscopy procedure; notified the physician of any adverse effects and document
Bluaeyceli aa
