KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER
Summary

Accomplished pharmnceutical and medical device senior sakes specialists with over 25 years of experience. Proven track record in prospecting,
consultive sakes, new business development and customer retention. Proficient in sakes presentations, intoducing and detailing products and
conducting in services with physicians, staff, C-Suite and OR technicians. Keen ability to identify customer needs, provide solutions and utilize well
developed skills to close business. Highly motivated, enthusiastic and committed to exceeding expectations.

Highlights

* Pharmaceutical Specialty Sales
* Strategic Account Management
* New Product Launches Ps
* Managed Care COP counna\Unualcanun’

nN BB lctLen Bont vensTl 3
nN * Key Opinion Leader Development

AAA
Accomplishments

© 0708'09'10 awarded regional performance find for outstanding sales and work ethic
Pesos ta one it Wak kal aR ictry

© 2003-2004 Winner of the Tactical Action Unit of the Year Award

© 2005 Member of the Region of the Year

¢ 4-time Divisional Product Contest Award Winner

© 2012- Finished top 3

rN

schivor anes
Company Name January 2011 to April2015 Key Account Manager

* Responsible for the accounts management of 40 hospitals and medical centers.

¢ Developed Physician and KOL's relationships to expand territory growth.

© Provide on site product expertise and consultation to Pediatric Urologists whik inOR.

* Assigned as district leader in training and consulting in the northeast.

© Responsible to build relationships with C-Suite and quality personnel within the institution.
© Conduct training on ever changing healthcare landscape to northeast regjon.

Company Name January 2005 to January 2011 Senior Institutional Health Care Sales Consultant
lena El CG

Responsible for driving sales of Zyvox, Viend, Tygacil and Relistor among hospital accounts: Hartford Hospital, St. Francis, University of
Quon ana em RicCr ea ntraneday

© Responsible for coordinating several projects between Pfizer Groton and Specialty Care BU

Hand selected by Specialty Care BU to lead Groton/Hartford Hospital C-Suite Initiative

Demonstrate strong intra-team cooperation to execute cross cluster business strategies that consistently provide added customer value
Glaitea

Provide high level educational presentations to customers including surgeons, infectious disease, pulmonologist, vascular,
hermtology/oncology, transplant, wound center, podiatry, pharmacy

© Based onan assessment of consumer disease and chronic care trends and healthcare needs, successfilly led the introduction of products
into the healthcare arena.

Negotiated with Hospital pharmacies to ensure products where available for healthcare providers on multiple formukries

Worked with long term care facilities to ensure products were available to all facilities.

Successfilly collaborated with peers to develop strategic operations, financial and quality objectives. Aided peers in implementation and
ib eB ces) Ubon)

Developed highly successfull team business goals and initiatives. Monitored results to ensure compliance with strategic objectives
Developed and preformed regional strategic initiatives to address market specific issues.

Conducted detailed competitive analysis to determine appropriate marketing and sales strategies.

Maximized Pfizer resources and upper management to enhance high level KOL relationships and leverage Pfizer strengths toward various
victories within the institutions.

Worked closely with Regulatory Affairs to keep compliant and within guidelines with all promotional activities Major Awards included
07'08'09'10 awarded regional performance find for outstanding sales and work ethic

a nee Kw BC Renae eC Rete

2003-2004 Winner of the Tactical Action Unit of the Year Award.

ee eles RM ececertchien’

2005 Member of the Region of the Year.
