OUST NOI SIONS AE PNY

Summary
Seeking a challenging position with a company where my skills would be filly utilized.
schivor anes

Teacher Assistant Sep 2016 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Help teacher prepare materials and assignments for instruction.

Enforce school policies and rules.

Performckrical duties as assigned.

Supervise students in and out of the chssroom

Keep classroom neat and in order.

10) biio atm re RsccccRAU Canlece navioreiiaih eo) sce uel

Be abk to effectively communicate with students, teacher and in some cases parents.

Provide individual assistance to students experiencing leaming difficulty; explain errors answer questions, assist in research, chrrify directions.
ltd rlcm pectic am tacos eckinbalinancouCiec OR CciuE ash

Assist students by providing general guidance.

Office Assistant Oct 2015 to Jan 2016
Company Name i City , State

Answered phones and transferred to the appropriate staff member.
Took and distribute accurate messages.
(CreciceRdronrtreRscecen ba ntomtncuescuaccliaivar can
Coordinated messenger and courier service.

Received, sorted and distributed incoming mail,

Monitored incoming emails and answer or forward as required.
Prepared outgoing mail for distribution.

Faxed, scanned and copied documents.

Pralulchikes ieee limes e ESOC TLeRS cette

retrieve information when requested.

update and maintain internal staff contact lists.

Monitored and maintained office supplies.

Ensured office equipment is properly maintained and serviced.
Kept the office area clean and tidy.

Special Education Teacher Assistant Aug 2013 to Jul2014
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Provided extra assistance to students with special needs, such as nor-English-speaking students or those with physical and mental

Cra libe

Tutored and assisted children individually or in srl groups in order to help those master assignments and to reinforce earning concepts
presented by the teachers.

Supervised students in chssrooms, halls,, cafeterias, school yards, and gymnasiums, or on field trips.

Present subject matter to students under the direction and guidance of teachers, using lectures, discussions, or supervised role-playing
methods.

Observe students' performance, and record relevant data to assess progress Discuss assigned duties with classroom teachers in order to
eorelclealemuciunetenes kere gcm

Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment and material, in order to prevent injuries and darmge.
DriPicemrelnctisl Legere LL coHILe be ccRLea iii Uaie canon

Substitute Teacher Aug 2011 to Jun 2014
Company Name i City , State

Planned and directed activities associated with project.

BEI Upacccrcmrinaneverelbe siete

Assisted teaching staff in public Elementary, Middle and High School.

Graded homework and test, using answer sheets and recorded results.

Distributed teaching materials to students such as textbooks, workbooks, and paper and pencils.
Maintained order with in the school and on school grounds.

Mere elicrer ines

BlcserewCocninaia yn ROR T PA
Company Name i City , State

Tene Sd add neces aanintncenn te ated net ceils meenninb canada neccd nteed nents ceils color ein need erenetel danbeilitnn
