OFFICE MANAGER/MANAGING DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

Tnnovative, customer-oriented healthcare administrator with background in managed, ambulatory and long-term care. Strong background in quality
assurance, chims analysis and management principles and practices. Seeking a leadership role within an integrated delivery system.

als

© Adept at prioritizng/managing deadlines

© Strong p resentation skills -
* Accomplished keader 7 ape am
Paar caters) RM aca Aca ea
A ere eer a ee ie
© Minor surgery assistance awareness
Work History

Office Manager/Managing Director 02/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Oversecing entire clinical department and ensuring physician orders are followed through as requested Overseeing all of the office staff and
the daily operations of the company Day to day problem solving for all departments in the office, as well as taking problematic phone calls
for all departments Hiring and training new office staff Hiring and training new doctors and physician assistants, completing all the necessary
paperwork Enrollmg doctors and PAs with Medicare and malpractice insurance Setting up new employees with Practice Fusion and Payroll
Communicating with doctors and physician assistants on a daily basis to ensure the day is running smoothly and resolving any issues they
may have Marketing to home health companies to Company payroll Quality Assurance.

quality assurance 04/2013 to 022014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Liaising with patients, nurses, doctors, pharmacists and various medical personnel on a daily basis to provide the utmost service to all
se CCB IBSHL an aediiem

¢ Follow up with patients, doctors and nurses to ensure that everything was accomplished as required.

© Inputting patient information from the doctor's notes into the electronic medical Records.

Ordering and following up with hboratory and diagnostic workup as requested by the doctor, as well as calling m medication to the
phanmcy.

oomict@inet@inirodencueataknmaniiennd bar ead Pramas ss) \acce amet

ECHO cosets sLenhesteas ar icRl lac Oh aes cL set naa tce

Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of perfonmarce, policies and procedures.

Developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care.
Consistently complied with applicable laws and regulations and ensured facility adhered to Medicare and Medicaid regulations.
Interpreted and communicated new or revised policies to staff

Established and oversaw implementation ofan effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs.
Developed and achieved financial and growth goals.

Continually maintained and improved the company’s reputation and positive image in the markets served.

Encouraged creative thinking, problem solving, and empowerment as part of the facility managerrent group to improve morale and
eaten ole

Routinely collaborated with department mamagers to correct problems and improve services.

Supervised and managed the daily activities ofa clinical team consisting of [nurber] physicians, nurses and support staf
Facilitated an on-going assessiment of patient/family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan.

Investigated and reported issues relating to patient care or conditions that might hinder patient well-being.

Led clinical team in delivering care services that promoted optimal resident health.

Volunteer 09/2011 to 05/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Interviewed patients to obtain medical information, weight and height measurements and vital signs.
Documented patient information obtained from interviews.

Completed clinical rotations in Geriatrics.

Responsible for primary care, case management, and medication management.

Assessed patients and documented their medical histories.

Evaluated patient care needs, prioritized treatment, and maintained patient flow.

Assisted doctors with surgeries and non-invasive procedures.

Collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared them for lab testing.
Performed vitals/glucose testing and assisted in administering injections and urinalysis.
Managed care for post-operative patients through discharge.

Accurately recorded and reported test results according to established procedures.

Healthcare 01/2009 to 01/2011
Company Name
