CORPORATE REGIONAL RECRUITER

Si

Highly driven Recruiter who maintains a positive attitude under pressure and welcomes the challenge and responsibility of producing results quickly
mec once

Highlights

Bs comninepirs irc corel corr MMe i J ee et Ld
© Proficient communicator * Talent assessments —

¢ Fluent in Spanish ¢ Hiring recommendations

¢ Practiced in HRIS technologies

Experience
Corporate Regional Recruiter 06/2015 to Current
(Oo nie N rl eLO ESIC

¢ Responsibke for screening, interviewing and referring the most qualified applicants to hirmg managers.

CM CRM bone twelve) reds) ica eka lonticop ricco uathnesi eich rec ioe sre cnulLeMmUnl Se oveny erect eMCRMU IE!
realistic job preview; presents Bethesda as a premier provider of services.

RSH CMa hoe bic Rolcencha hors Ruben cnate om unin annie boar eracccenes antes <1icy

Prccstce BO micCoslb ooo

Attends departmental staffand other meetings as requested to acquire substantial knowkdge about department's business objectives, goals,

operations and work culture.

© Conducts daily calls with potential candidates to build pipeline of applicants to meet common and unique stafling needs; updates candidates
on the hiring process and ensures a smooth transition post-hire.

Partners with Regional HR Director, Talent Acquisition Specialist and regional management to develop and implement the regional
recruitment plan,

© Manages established selection process to include initial interviewing to screen for basic qualifications.

© Colkcts data and statistics for use in designing recruitment plans and measuring the effectiveness of various recruitment efforts.

Healthcare Recruiter 02/2014 to 06/2015
Company Name City , State

Pd PE nesaicly cious BOM Cabal e Lock bmn ccailiomrerel TB e MU near Lecce kcal em atnitg
SESE Bran com

Actively sources candidates using multiple sources, strategies, and methods, Performs strategic recruitment and marketing activities,
including resume mining, job fairs and professional networking events.

¢ Performs prescreening and interviewing for field employees.

Diam sreawe lop cectaocacemimtnekeern roomy nar

Conducts new hire process, Reviews and verifies all new hire documentation and credentials; verifies references, completes criminal
background check and drug test processes.

Makes hiring decisions for field employees.

Sil Keyarke ecm

Audit facility compliance to ensure candidates can attend facility orientations.

Post job descriptions to appropriate posting sites.

Attend Weekly staffing meetings.

Conpkte weekly reports for staffing,

Adhere to policies and procedures.

Meets or exceeds Recruiter benchmarks.

Performs other duties as assigned.

National Physician Recruiter 02/2012 to 11/2014
LOO NaN HL O ESL

Made cold calls to develop relationships with potential providers.

[QO iotacikur cng oly Cons O RUA tunel Ler sieceine genet et boar)

Engaged with current and potential providers with the objective being to assess their current situation and facilitate a match between them
Bineken ce geniea ance

Ensured that potential candidates met quality metrics by asking qualifying questions and following up on any discrepancies.
Presented qualified providers to account executives and business development representatives.

Negotiated rates and expenses as required.

Sourced providers via resume databases and network sites.

reed ecco yu lean ence Rone cece rowescaly a

Fe) oom OME enact eh ore Kee onmarudvaence kar ihemny nate

Promptly escalated any and all candidate issues to the account executive or business development representative.
PCNA Lec BR amoetcicg neo reke gsc done
