DIRECTOR, COMPOUNDING SALES SPECIALIST

becelecreral bine isla

Highly organized and talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and balances customer needs with company demands. Efficiently builds
loyalty and long-termrekationships with customers, while consistently reaching and exceeding sakes targets.A Skilled in building relationships,
negotiating and closing sales.

Core Qualifications

Microsoft Office, Word, PowerPoint, Excel. *CRM Software: Sugar and Sales Logix. *Accomplished in relationship building and selling

Scitvov anes

Director, Compounding Sales Specialist

July 1997 to March 2015 Company Name i City , State

Talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and balances customer needs with company demands.
Si Un Aol ME ew ea erp ceict RUST cM ors annette Mee een nae
Exceed sales goals.

Monitor customers preferences to determine focus of sakes efforts.

Mero E ce Osis amcniionyurccbronlingre rece e lane aca

Basse Reva ce

ered Soe ele econ ore eaase omc wrens nrg) om

Train new sakes representatives on all aspects of compounding.

I esee ls BOR RUS n unpre tice eminem

A ClaTELeB narelmlneg rcoleccrena tars Conrem cat etce

Cr ee ee)

Healthcare Services Supervisor
April 1996 to June 1997 Company Name 1% City, State

© Buikd and design nursing division.

Bae oon lieslne@iniscEsl ponveneccs eles ce

¢ Verify all credentials and background checks.

¢ Make cold calls and appointments to local hospitals, nursing homes and doctors’ offices to introduce service to build client base.
* Answer all clients' and employees' questions and concems regarding services, availability and pricing.

Branch Manager
June 1994 to March 1996 Company Name i% City , State

Bosra healbep oc ocinatmecloelig nib cecal a

* Make cold calls and appointments to local hospitals, nursing homes and doctors’ offices to introduce service to build client base Increase
client base to increase revenue.

¢ Increase recruitment of professionals.

© Verify all credentials and background checks on professionals.

Bae nec cu ange cean snc Ronli Cesc mest oiM GUE Mees ens alee bic csr

Pe co) aoc arene abi evaristinan

Staffing Coordinator
August 1983 to June 1994 Company Name i% City , State

Phan and conduct new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.

Perform difficult staffing duties, including dealing with understafiing, refereeing disputes, firing employees, and administering disciplinary
procedures.

ee Taha Sane uoucarn snc SUB OL nE eee oC NL Seta eC cm TCM een Tan Te ig
promotion and employee benefits.

¢ Develop, administer and evahute applicant tests.

Verify all credentials, references and background checks on staffing employees.

Identify staff vacancies and recruit, interview and select applicants.

Front End Manager/Cashier
June 1981 to July 1983 Company Name 1% City , State

ee ACO C Met Lacuna cnn n ee ee een a noose eet cka acm
Cakuhite total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sakes.

Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are stafled appropriately.
Supervise others and provide on-the-job training,

(Or cee R nec on) Le dectecatat ice

ROVE coe OM mead Meme alent oR OMI Ore toe

Assist customers by providing information and resolving their comphints,

Assist with duties in other areas of the store.

LP.N. Staff Nurse & PRN Charge Nurse
