SUPERVISOR

BStnerstaig

Accomplished results orientedA Ieader withA marketing and custorrer service experience. Exceptional organization, time Tmnagement and multi-
tasking abilitiesA with an MBA- Management/Finance.

Skills
© Comphint handling and resolution * Compkx probkmsolver
Paola reatciice PES elecBrezetalyy
¢ In-depth knowkdge of markets and relationships « Self-motivated
Accomplishments
Qualified for [Number] quarterly sales bonuses by exceeding sakes target by [Number] %. Leadership
© Research
CRB fir el curenett en]

= Assisted in implementation of new tracking system that resulted in improved patient care.
Conducted research which led to the developrrent of [program] .
Served as key contributing member to Leadership team

i iilaranecd
July 2015 to Current
LOOT NaN Hee O ESR na NT ceg

* Responsibk for the daily oversight operations of the call center, monitoring average call handle time (ACHT), telephone service factor
(TSF), and adherence to scheduks.

Supervise bargaining unit employees in joint efforts with the (UAW) union.

Manage Walk- In staffand their schedules to service incoming customers.

Sa ere cOn ura a alan Lon ae Leonie aude Cucribenbn selenelcerdl Tamra Takara”
service metrics and process improvements of the call center.

Reduced my team average call handle and wrap time metrics by 200 seconds.

30% reduction).

Participate m meetings with the Account Receivable Department to improve members payment efficiencies and best practice
implementation.

February 2013 to July 2015
Company Name City , State Clinical Administrative Assistant- Healthcare Administrator

Recruited, tramed and managed the clinical medical staffand customer service representatives.

BircecePracte bromo Uoncee ar Lom benicar Mmm CICe PN CMO Tee Loner Htat oem

Colkcted and secured patient co-pays and deductibles.

Improved patient attendance rates by 20%.

Responsibke for developing and implementing patient and retention strategies.

Improved processes to ensure accurate electronic billing and retrburserment.

OV ESV ASS ened cmaniraeetr ens

eRe cca pacein Rall LCepeiia Oram auioeR Rai monk are eos Custer iisamcatc kia wl)()
families Fidelis Secure Care Medicare Advantage HMO (Dual Eligbke).

October 2010 to Jamary 2013
(Ovi oninestecelialyolnoy

¢ Developed new and retained existing relationships with client base, resulting in 65% retention and 10% new membership kads.
© Conducted in-service training to office/home managers regarding organizational protocols.

© Compkted weekly reports for nurse practitioners and physicians.

CMe oeliccta cisnomtomonasncd neo amicuciesiennlebiecbiecs)tackalclo emcee Sorc

Oem eRe una wall)
Company Name City , State Administrative Assistant/ Home manager

SP eR ace a couet se see manineinies binuscon ele Rona s Mencken ice Renn eres
See Pee BPA eRe sn OS elt tery Reds eeenie Sen Lee PALE Rona

¢ Maintained high standards in sanitation and safety and complied with regulatory guidelines.

* Compkted balanced billing, authorization verification, and 3806 forms for payment.

¢ Compkted background checks, fingerprinting, and employee information hiring packets for new hires.

Education and Training

LO yuslittes B Beton BANE SIC CPUS Len @ yi ers 8 Beste lontth a)
NAN

Oita dun eat
