ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD OPTIMIZATION SPECIALIST

Skill Highlights

Amalyst skills - Managed care contract analysis, payment analysis and appeal, quality data analysis and Above average computer skills -
Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe (fill version), Athena Clarity, Crystal Reports, Internet and email proficiency

Professional Experience

Electronic Health Record Optimization Specialist

Company Name i City , State

* Assist primary care practices and providers to improve quality scores through expertise in practice workflow, electronic health record
systems, and quality measures.

Assists practices in implementing and using systems (quality reporting, EHR modules) to improve patient care and outcomes and provide the
clmical data required to satisfy contract requirements.

© Provides support for population management at the pod and practice level by tracking and monitoring individual process and outcome
measures for eligible managed care and Medicare patients who have chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and
depression.

© Understands and can clearly communicate, both verbally and in writing, clinical quality measure components of global payment contracts
and EHR Use Requirements.

© Understands the federal and state EHR incentive programs, mandates and legal requirements, and develops and implements programs to
educate providers and staff on achieving federal and state incentives and ifrequired, compliance with legal obligations.

© Meaningful Use, ICD10, HIPAA, Privacy) Assists EHR Team in creating plans for new implerrentations, interfaces and upgrades
Understands provider's contractual obligations with BIDCO and develops and implements training and communication plans that support
these needs.

Quality Improverrent Coordinator
October 2013 to August 2014 Company Name it City , State

* Worked with and support primary care physicians and their office staff to achieve the quality incentives as part of global payment and

managed care contracts.

Support PCP practices in implementing quality improverrent initiatives.

Provide support managing patient registries through reports and training at the practice and POD level for eligible managed care and

Medicare patients who have chronic diseases.

© Work individually with PCP practices to help them manage the required testing for their quality measure goals to promote optimal health and
clinical outcomes.

© Train PCP practices on Athena Clarity quality software application so they can access their registries and outcomes individually.

Healthcare Financial Analyst Payer Audit and Charge Capture Analyst
AD PAPE Olu eo wR RGe ne oli gn cli ck /L ON wmECT|(e

Run analysis on denial data to identify billing and coding trends.

Develop comprehensive reports designed to reduce repeated billing and coding errors.

Manage database applications and reporting for goverment audit tracking,

Manage audit process for government and commercial payers to assure submissions are accurate and timely.

Revise coding and charge submission errors identified through internal and extemal audits and making necessary changes within Medicare

FISS or Medicaid MMIS applications as well as our own intemal systems.

© Analyzes the information in the departent's pre-bill, coding rejection and denial edit databases for unresolved third party chins to
determine root causes for the edit issues and potential resolution with the originating departments and/or the PFS clinical coding staff

© Responsible for the daily validation, collection and follow-up ofall payments received from government and third party payers in relation to
pious Keene am inet Ley

* Modeling reirbursement methodologies and contracts for third party and other managed care payers in both a financial model and the RMS

raed
© Post adjustments or reversals of adjustments through online access to the billing and receivable system.

Clinical Research Assistant II
February 2011 to July 2011 Company Name 4 City , State

Ce Zoo riecducnt emer Micicanilanane Cee La iG Orrin metic k Cent ccs amuulucetnemnesiicl bie csimeeit
regultory and patient binders.

Verify eligibility and study procedures adhere to protocol requirements and file deviations/violations when necessary.

(Oi) cletreanrace ner ceRl MB enica iter iiint Der ieleue neh ont el car oickasaeie ci nest bam

Extracted data on protocol patients from online medical records, outpatient charts, private physician office records, and Independent
Review Board (IRB) office in order to assure chart completeness.

¢ Assured proper informed consent is obtained and documented.

Program and Fund Developer
March 2007 to January 2008 Company Name i City , State

© Research, write, and budget development for grants to be submitted to private foundations and corporations.
