LICENSED UNITED HEALTHCARE INSURANCE SALES AGENT
RStinenctag

Talent for identifying customers’ needs and referring appropriate company products and services while demonstrating the ability to gain customers’
trust providing exceptional follow up, leading to increased sales and repeated referral of business Expertise in resolving escalated customer service
issues quickly and effectively solving customers’ challenges. Track record for assisting the Customer Service and Saks dept. in achieving its
potential by using my implementing experience, increasing sakes 13.46% above goal also interacting with all levels of management to improve
customer and business satisfaction. Secured over 65 + Shared Success Awards; Received several Sales Agent of the month Awards; Awarded
mumerous prize/gifls, awards for consistently meeting/exceeding sales goals, successfilly closed on all referred products and maintained weekly &
monthly KDM & QA Scores of 100%.

Nas

Time Management, Effective Communication, Trouble Shooting, Problem Solving, Cloud technology, Skype, Proficient, Microsoft Office Suite,
Instant Messaging, Web Chat, Negotiating, Up-sell, Cross-Sell Ability, Outlook Emil, Lotus Notes, Quicken, QuickBooks.

Experience

09/2014 to 10/2015

Licensed United Healthcare Insurance Saks Agent Company Name 1% City , State

© Provided services to clients changing or updating healthcare insurance needs by upselling/cross selling a variety of health msurance products.

¢ MA, MAPD, MED Sup ard PDP's to groups and individual consumers geared to fit their healthcare needs.

¢ Assists with outbound campaigns to ensure customer satisfaction.

© Derronstrates prospecting skills, meets or exceeds sales goal.

¢ Delivers exceptional customers service to consumers to develop and build new client relationships by implementing strong people skills and
product knowledge while gaining custonrrs trust and buikding rapport whik following and adhering to hipaa guidelines and company policy.

03/2014 to 09/2014
Account Executive Sakes Agent/FedEx Account Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsibilities included maintaining and deepening existing customer rehtions.

¢ Made outbound telephone calls to engage customers with new products and services that would develop value propositions to meet their
Pts pecob rants SoM neve ira ove) em ree ConSheeReect en) Cte

© Successfilly delivered Client's family ofservices impkmenting well developed saks skill, collaboration, and effective negotiation.

¢ Conducted daily rapport buiking with customers using a consultative sales approach and whik maintaining a regular contact with designated
accounts through an established sales process requirement.

09/2013 to 03/2014
Licensed United Healthcare Insurance Sales Agent Company Name ¥% City , State

YON edas cod rd acento michel pectsicnei es ractci nanece meme ccnolueem cra ymed rennet od die voce
MA, MAPD, MED Sup and PDP's to groups and individual consumers geared to fit their healthcare needs.

Assists with outbound campaigns to ensure customer satisfaction.

Demonstrates prospecting skills, meets or exceeds sales goals.

Delivers exceptional customers service to consumers to develop and build new client relationships by implementing strong people skills and
product knowledge also gaining customers trust and building rapport while following and adhering per hipaa guidelines and company policy.

04/2013 to 09/2013
Customer Service Agent Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Functioned as a primary resource in handling phanmey / phanmcist contacts via telephone ranging from routine to complex, regarding
insurance authorization, benefits, chims, and general assistance.

© Duties performed related to the resolution of adjudicated prescription chims with regards to member eligbility, benefits parameters applied,
Clare restte gor eeitinealveitume are cce ne RoKcantercB ii atte

¢ Deliver exceptional customer and abke to compkte calls expeditiously and accurately with assurance/confidence, accuracy, and
MeeMontaasalonucyiinicay ines nore cobunernos necked Conuienmoneceraricelle sllwave On
compliance and regulations.

11/2008 to 09/2012
Online Customer Service & Sales Agent/ Web/Ivr PSR II Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Received more than 100+ inbound calls daily assisting personal and business customers with comprehensive website navigation,
troubleshooting and account maintenance; establishing online accounts, password resets & creating user id's; clearing cookies/cache and
temporary internet files.

Assisted customers with merchants and online bill pay issues and problems of reconciling accounts using, Quicken and QuickBooks
software, utilized multiple screens and programs daily.

weet B aon ete Gere con easy eo ecm ihe comin ee Lae aime mabee Eee ecm een nner ceBrengti |
Poe ea eN ei tos Rete Oe Cet Ro bene Rn pcce ine Re aillcom sneer Resets

ore Ree Louie Oe heR UL cmos UR eral esn onal mei Mian binieaenntaeiece nite cet 6
exceptional customer service.
