HEALTHCARE EFFECTIVENESS AND INFORMATION SET COORDINATOR (HEDIS)
itirersag

To obtain a position which utilizes and enhances my education and work experience with the Potential for career advancement. Recognized for
long hours, commitirent to customers, attention to detail and follow up. Work well as a team menber or independently and under pressure.
Demonstrates ability to meet the needs of patrons, dependabk, hardworking and punctual. Excellent basic clerical and computer skill including
knowkdge of Microsoft Office. Excellent interpersonal, listening and communication; both written and spoken skills. Sound ability to keep
Parser noniive ikon s ata meennckeutical ceric dl Mies) meron mecenui tome Reo anes ecco ated

Highlights
ae A 5 ¢ Excellent communication skills
© Proficient with Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) Advanced clerical knowled
© Proficient with Georgia's Medical Management Information System (MMIS) ae eee etn &
© Proficient with Georgia Registry of Immunization Transactions and Services (GRITS), 7 an ae S

Accomplishments
Wo meu marOamos ahora g Gone OCA Y
Menbers with ordering easy to use cell phones

Experience
Healthcare Effectiveness and Information Set Coordinator (HEDIS) 04/2014 to Current Company Nar City , State

¢ Handle inbound/outbound member calls and assist them in obtaining service, appointment scheduling, arranging transportation, and initiating
reminder calls, e-mmils and/ or faxes.

¢ Educate and inform members about current and past due clinical services which improves member health outcomes and increases Health

ene SDN

Conduct HEDIS provider chart request calls to support medical record capture for HEDIS supplemental data review and abstraction.

Record and document all member and provider outreach activity using Microsoft Office Suite applications and web-based technology.

Review menber phn eligbility using Georgia's Medical Management Information System (MMIS).

Review menber chims data to determine need for services using the Health Plan Proprietary Informtion system or Georgia Registry of

Immunization Transactions and Services (GRITS).

Identify and refer members to internal programs and services ic. Case management and Disease Managerrent,

Maintain strict confidentially and compliance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability ACT during outreach activities.

Data Entry/File Clerk/ Receptionist/ Customer Service Rep 10/2013 to 01/2014 Company Nanx City , State

Entered information from kease into the system

Un mo RP RO uni ne eras RoC Enea Peticcer cad

Arr bes Cem NOES uLctsNEC eR aural atlce

FUMBLE Cm Dea ccmuoridtetelclgeeeetcesiiienistre abc hanuekoninue cinee hen cBOmneridcei elise
assist with with more information the property, and transferred all other calls to the appropriate departrent.

Customer Service/ Pharmacy Technician 10/2012 to 08/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Provided customer service to patients who wanted or needed to save money on name brand prescription drugs.
¢ Activated/Deactivated Rx Discount cards for qualifying and non- qualifying patients.

PCOS case ebyAComaRp oe ouee rougher eae colnet

© Verified card benefits, provided override codes when needed and reversed paid claims upon request.

Passport II Specialist 02/2012 to 09/2012 Company Name City , State

¢ Provide General Information for customers who need assistance with obtaining a U.S. Passport.
© Educate customers about personal account information and their minors Passport.

Customer Service/ Inbound Sales Rep 01/2011 to 12/2011 Company Nanr City, State

© Provided award winning customer service to Consumer Cellular as well as AARP Members with ordering easy to use cell phones.
© Took bill payments as well as made payirent arrangements on account balances.

Customer Service/ Inbound Sales Rep 08/2010 to 01/2011 Company Nane City, State

CPCS MUU ariee ten tree eae emer aie
© Provided online assistance when needed and education about appliances.
CPCS RH ccuicarebe ein ccs omy ciiincmmasthiee eke an

Customer Service/ Sales Rep 06/2008 to 12/2009 Company Name City , State
