CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT
Summary

Experienced Administrative Assistant III offering 21 years of experience in medical business office operations. Proactive leader with strengths in
communication kveraging office professionalism, phone etiquette, proof-reads and audits case reports, oversees daily spreadsheets and providing
consultation and organization ofdaily workflow. Dedicated in high-volure office environment that focus on delivering exceptional clerical and
operational support for medical and hospital staff professionab.

Abilities to cultivate positive rapport among clients, staff, and management. Meticulous with demonstrated success in process improvements and
procedural adherence in prioritizing workflow to achieve daily work objectives. A tech-savvy individual with in-depth knowledge of Cemer and
Microsoft office software programs.

Well-versed in managing office supplies, equiprent, inventory, paperwork and project needs.

schivor anes
LOO INANE peRROoULcem Mes UpACco etna OLN mmCie CLUDE Ro dem IKI besa)

Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets.
Conducted routine checks on standard patient vitals, including blood pressure, blood sugar and heart rate.
Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.
Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding.

COON NAN pee O TL Cem (las UPACco rte OL NAMI CnC Roden Lean OD

Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.

Collborated with interdisciplnary healthcare teams to provide high-quality patient care.

Provided hands-on nursing care under direct RN supervision, adhering to medical center policies and procedures.

Consulted with nurses to develop patient care plans and evaluate treatment options.

Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.

Provided nursing assistance to residents in 24 bed medicalsurgical and orthopedic floor in hospital facility.

Collected specimens, monitored vitals and maximized patient comfort.

Documented information in patient charts and communicated to RN and nurse manager.

Used mobility devices to carefillly transport patients.

Provided personal nursing assistance in pre- and post-operative situations.

Volunteered to work additional shifts and overtime during busy periods to maintain proper staffing and floor coverage.

Maintained accurate, timely flow of information by completing thorough patient records and updating healthcare team on patient status.
Translated medical jargon and short-hand data into correct terminology.

Transcribed and edited reports from physicians.

Maintained and updated patient census

Maximized office efficiency by answering incoming calls per day to provide floor information and transfer calls to desired personal.
Managed unit front desk activities, including customer service and office administration.

Company Name - Healthcare Unit Coordinator City , State 02/2001 - 08/2007

Maintained and updated patient census, greeted patients and patients family through telephone courtesy calls and check-ins.
Answered multiple phone calls daily ina timely manner.

Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.

Assisted patient to room with instructions.

Provided excelent service and attention to team members and patient's when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
Managed departrent by compiling paperwork the next day is ready for the staffand patients.

Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.

Collaborated with others to discuss new job opportunities.

Improved patient satisfaction by finding creative solutions to probkivs.

Company Name - Cardiac Cath Lab Administrative Assistant II City , State 08/2007 - Current

Reports to Cath Lab Director and Manager. Provides a full range of clerical and specialized administrative fimctions.

Supporting leadership development activities and events. Screens and routes calls to appropriate individual in a courteous and efficient
iaiiboy

Leamed efficentially and anticipation to support office needs..

Maintained, managed and updated daily schedule, spreadsheets and confidential reports through Excel, Word, eProcurement, I-Centra,
Perioperative tracking Board, Schappbook, Power Chart and Lumdex.

Delivered and scheduled patient information and oversee operational workday flow to physicians, nurses, technicians and management.
Develop strategic daily workflow solutions with leadership and a sensible knowledge of the practices and procedures of the daily fimetions.
Proof-reads and completes documents, checking for accuracy.

[Keocimiegeel cuts bewestelcee ceases)

Improved operations by working with team members and keaders to find workable solutions.
