HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATOR/OPERATIONAL AND STAFF REORG
Executive Summary

High-energy Manager, Analyst, and Executive Assistant. Successfull in buikling and motivating dynamic teams. Cultivates a company culture in
which staff menbers feel comfortable voicing questions and concems, as well as contributing new ideas that drive company growth. I am naturally
compelled to streamline costs, boost company moral and revenue through innovative management techniques, including all fons of social media.
Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.

Core Qualifications
CMO vocivoncmisiaen ans © Coding/Muli-media knowkdge
Pm invigucds oeieeng * Complex probkm solving
© Policy/Program development ¢ Calmunder pressure
© HR experience © Sound judgment
CNP soars onan vain © Organizational Restructure/Change
© Cross-fimctional team management © Root cause analysis

Professional Experience
Healthcare Adiinistrator/Operational and Staff Reorg Oct 2006 to Apr 2007
Company Name i City , State

Responsible for all staff, which consisted of 6 office clerks, 4 surgeons, 3 remote transcriptionists, 3 part-time students, 2 medical assistants,
1 in-house bilkr, and | in-house transcriptionist.

Negotiated all terms ofa new contract to carve out 95% of in-house billing to an off-site medical billing company (ie. invoicing, payments,
payment plans, collections)

© Liaison between SDHS and 47 vendors (ie. IT specialists, all credentialed hospitals, medical supply vendors, OSHA Reps, etc.)
* Created a comprehensive project plan for total relocation of the practice, beginning with construction and ending 2 months affer the move.
¢ Cut costs substantially by eliminating unreliable staff'and bringing in more motivated, efficient workers. I also issued 2 promotions and 3

raises.

Encouraged more verbal communication from the staffand to each other, and assisted them in achieving higher standards in order to move
up in their positions. This came from implementing employee reviews.

Leamed of prior issues SDHS had with OSHA and immediately put controls in place to adhere to all compliance laws. I enforced them via
strict communication, patience, and perseverance.

Created project plans for each staff member to introduce accountability. They leamed how to regulate their timelines in Outlook by
reporting their progress through the tasks module.

ore ciersrenlO Mm Noa eid eRcon Ke entnts ite ecm onc een eer cones acacia yim Ovecec eli taer sacs Om
agendas/minutes and maintained ongoing task lists, distributing them based on their criticality.

Attended monthly off-site meetings for San Diego County Medical Administrators to stay informed of current additions/amendients to
policies for SHARP, SCRIPPS, etc. I also attended seminars on my own time to enhance my ability as an effective communicator and
Adninistrator/Project Manager.

Bookkeeper for the entire corporation, plus 2 personal corps. I introduced Quickbooks to replace the outdated, complicated accounting
software being used. By doing this, I synced their reporting system with the accounting firm that handled their wrbrella corporation.
Reported all employee payroll to Paychex. All other checks were cut by me.

CO erat NEO cB ye cumin E@laeoelcrenl iia

Project Manager/Project Analyst/Executive Assistant Oct 2004 to Oct 2006
Company Name i City , State

Responsible for complex projects for the VP of Risk Solutions and SVP of National Consumer Lending.

Remote employee in office with the SVP and 3 other Project Managers. Traveled 35% of the time for meetings in various states.
Performed as a Project Manager on 3 large compliance-related controls regarding a new database I developed for Risk Solutions Team.
Created reports on data requirements, executed gap analysis, root cause issues, defined project scopes, identified best practices, created
swimlanes and timelines in MS Project.

Facilitated daily/veckly/monthly conference calls with resource team members, created process flows, and compiled/analyzed information
uncovered in those meetings.

Reconciled general ledger lines to create monthly variance reports for the SVP.

Assisted compliance questions from fulfillment field reps regarding business unit procedures.

Monitored the monthly budget and established new procedures, controls, and tools conceming it.

Provided research and analytical support in the design, development, and implementation of projects supporting Project Managers and
project teams.

Researched and nnintained timelines, problems and concems, analyzed project requests, determined requirements and feasibility,
recommended improvements, and completed other project-related responsibilities per the VP and SVP as needed and instructed.

© Used strong communication skills and developed solid relationships with all tears.
* Operated in MS Office, MS Project, Powerpoint, and Visio daily.
