DIRECTOR OF APPLICATIONS
Profile
Accomplished Healthcare Professional with an exemplary background in Healthcare IT. Progressive leadership experience in Healthcare IT.
Proven ability in strategic planning, business requirements gathering, creating roadmap with short term and long term goals, budget estimation and
mmnagerment, negotiation, retum on investment and retum on value analysis. Proactive kader with an excellent work ethic and commitment to
exceptional customer service.
als
¢ Graduate Assistant - Team Lead
© Lead impkrentation of Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system in Registrar Office.
© Technical Proficiencies
¢ HCIS/EHR: Meditech Magic, CS 5.6x and 6.x; Athena.
© PM Tools: MS Word, Excel, Power point, Quick Base, SharePoint, Project, Visio.
Professional Experience
Company Name July 2013 to Current Director of Applications
lena El CG

400+ licensed bed non-profit faith based Hospital with Residency Program, two Nursing Homes and ten outpatient Physician Practices

Report to the VP/CIO of IT.

Managenent ofall IT Applications (Administrative, Clinical, Revenue Cycle, Ambulatory, Ancillary).

Manage $5M budget.

Evaluate organizations IT needs, create strategic plan and implement new projects.

PN (oeeltaltelnmer akan PAIRU UR berberine rachiea rou elaine

Manage staf 7 Application Analysts, 2 Team Leads and 2 Consultants.

EHR workflow re-design and optimization: Integrating standalone applications and systems to automate the workflow.

[Aico cinoma ie aUnes etn eae erect eltcm

Initially there were over 125 applications and systems, so far eliminated 25 redundant applications.

ARRA Meaningfil Use: Gathered documentation for Meaningful Use Stage 1 CMS Audit, submitted audit documentation and passed the

Audit

PM Cee m a icties Om \y ORS ETL OPA et HIU Ot

* Currently kading Team to prepare for MU Stage 3 attestation.

¢ ICD 10: Working collaboratively with Revenue Cycle and clinical departments to optimize the EMR workflow to be prepared for ICD 10
prior to the Oct 1, 2015 deadline.

© Lead impkrrentation of computerized provider order entry (CPOB), provider documentation, nursing documentation, bedside medication
verification, LAB glucose monitoring system (RALS), EHR/Application upgrades (Meditech, Curaspan and Midas), interfice engine
upgrade (Cloverkaf), patient portal, DIRECT messaging system via health information exchange (HIE- NYeC & Healthix), clinical content
mapping (LOINC, SNOMED, RxNorm using IMO) and single sign-on (Imprivata).

© Executive Team member on a Six Sig project for optimization of workflow and to reduce length of stay in Emergency Room

Population Health Initiative: Executive Team member of NY Queens/Long Island DSRIP program IT Committee, a NYS initiative to reduce

readmissions and to reduce Medicaid cost.

Company Name January 2012 to June 2013 Project Manager
lena El CG

© 140+ licensed bed for-profit organization with 3 outpatient clinics) Reported to the CIO Worked closely with other Departrent Heads in
Solr olcpeielcusiie) cieneiteltce

Project management, product evaluation and contract management.

REV PCa YeR NOR anotetacra neck eer nia rtinceponge lee bcd

Introduced project management methodologies.

ARRA Meaningfil Use: Lead MU Stage 1 initiative.

Successfillly attested for Stage 1 Year 1 and prepared documentation for CMS audit.

Health Information Exchange (HIE): Gathered business requirements, created roadmap, presented phase wise implementation plan with
high-level mikstones to Executive Committee.

Lead phase | implementation.

ICD 10: Performed gap analysis along with HIM Team and prepared project plan.

Lead EHR implementation in Labor and Delivery departrrent (Philips TraceVue fetal monitoring and docurrentation system).

Lead impkerrentation of EHR in Cardiology department (CardiacScience Pyramis).

Lead migration of interface engine (from HL7 connect to Summit Interface engine).

E-prescription (Dr.First): Lead implementation of standalone version of e-prescription and prepared project plan for its integration with
ISK A(Ceelvonny

October 2011 to May 2012 Healthcare IT Consultant
Company Name January 2008 to September 2011 Program Manager Consultant
Nei

¢ Prepared project plan for implementation of computerized physician order entry, ordersets (Zynx), physician and nursing documentation, e-
