HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATOR
Professional Summary
Taknted and professional Healthcare Administrator offering exceptional and outcomes-based services, combined with knowledge and experience
ofa variety of clinical best practices. A A leader with strong organizational and communication skills, with the ability to concurrently direct multiple
healthcare administrative affairs. A A valuable asset with a proven record of facilitating support services and managing fast-paced business
operations.
Skill Highlights
¢ Healthcare Informatics an
© Business Operations A A A AA
© Leadership a a
© Time Managerent A A A A
¢ Communication and Relationship Management 7
ne ¢ Decision Making and Problem Solving A
¢ Process ImprovenentA A A AA

als

Active Learning, Calendaring, Computer Proficiency, Coordination, Creative Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Customer Needs Assessment,
Customer Service, Data Collection, Data Entry, Documentation, Email, Executive Managerrent Support, Filing, Grammar, Internet Research,
Letters and Memps, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Multi-Task Management,
Organizational Skills, Prioritization, Proofreading, Reading Comprehension, Report Transcription, Research, Scheduling, Speaking, Spreadsheets,
Tekphone Skilk, Time Management, Travel Arrangements, Typing, Vendor Managerrent, Writing, Medical Terminology, Office Equiprent,
Payroll, Personnel, Policies and Procedures, Expense Reports, Customer Service, Billing, Administrative Support, Patient-focused care,A
Excellent interpersonal skills

Professional Experience

IS ealilbeewattenecie ome PANU R ORO Gen scale Os bam Cl

Provide thorough supervision for day-to-day operations of department in accordance with set policies and guidelines.
Observe strict confidentiality and safeguard all patient-related information.

Coordinate with finance department to devise and ensure that the department is operating within budgetary guidelines.
receccer eri NNar oR me colccna nacre

Reconcile monthly billing reports and execute statistical reports.

Revise policies and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal laws and regulations.
eolpnr aren nec csoroannmaeonrn crabs i arcncirekeat tnt cce.

GN Mn yccen manele eel nina.

Examine diagnosis codes for accuracy, compketeness, specificity and appropriateness according to services rendered.A
Properly route agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.A

Conduct new employee orientation/training to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.A

Serve as a Ink between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve
rer uel act Berle citce. We

© Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvernents.A

Hun Resources Assistant 01/2006 to 08/2006 Company Name City , State

* Maintained confidential security information using Automated Electronic Guard Informtion System (AEGIS) and Justice Consolidated
Office Network (ICON) and ensure appropriate modifications.

Worked with candidates to complete and submit application for Census suitability.

Adninistered pre-entry security screening procedures for employees and contractual personnel.

Managed candidates through hiring process and provided administrative support by creating more than 1,000A confidential personnel
eee iw AN

Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.

Verified references, reviewed clearance requests, and reports of background investigations to detect omissions in information.
Photographed and fingerprint new employees.

Confirmed employees had supporting credentials required in completion of adjudication determinations before authenticating certified cout
documents. A A A

Operations Office Manager 08/2003 to 01/2006 Company Name City , State

Oversaw scheduling for the day-to-day activities ofA 24A transportation employees.A

Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improverments.A

Prepared invoices for all customers in the logistics department at the end of every month.A

Mentored, coached and trainedA 5 team members.A

Responded to employee inquiries regarding payroll and timekeeping A

Prepared purchase orders and expense reports.

Reviewed, investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.
Monitored departent performance data to identify and avoid potential risks.
luromakoonconaremccorinet in ereirratesbircicn or rsinice
