HEALTHCARE

Executive Profile

Cynthia was also an instructor for the Cap Gemini Emst & Young Global Regulatory Compliance Boot Camp where members of the CGE&Y
Regulatory Compliance Team are immersed in global regulatory compliance, Good Manufacturing Practices, Good Clinical Practices, Good
Laboratory Practices, CGE&Y validation tools and methodology. Working with the international workforce of CGE&Y, Cynthia was required to
be flexibk, sensitive and creative in her methods of teaching Cynthia's nursing career focus was in Pain Management, Emergency Nursing, Legal
Nurse Consulting and Life Care Planning. She has traveled extensively throughout the U. S. and worldwide as a Health Care and Life Sciences
Consultant for G Major Consulting, Cap Gemini Emst & Young, Accenture, and Ness Technologies. Whik working in clinical musing, Cynthia
worked in acute, home care and long termcare arenas. As a Case Manager and Life Care Planner Cynthia was an adjunct instructor for the

er SNmed dee oe arslNlinonM buna nue m bee R cmc e RCO ee ates Dues en nok Oinetcyite a inn ct me CET
Project manager for several Global Regulatory Compliance/Life Sciences teams, Glidewell has a strong background in communication skills. Her
ability to work with peopk fiom various ethnic, cultural, and educational backgrounds has been key in her success as a Regulatory Compliance/
MARR es ems ta eoe ee oni decd bis cnneuln tn omanenanuncdegalgsrerken Ceaser eB Oms scsi a
projects in IT support situations. Her experience has given her in depth insight to the cultural nuances of different populations ranging from India to
the elderly. Her writing background includes authoring a "Life Care Planning in the Catastrophically Injured Aging” for the University of Florida
Rehabilitation Training Institute, Adverse Events Reporting for RN's for Abbott Laboratories, and numerous other educational materials for diverse
audiences. She has been guest lecturer at numerous national conferences and events on subjects including Forensic Medicine, Nursing and Life
Care Planning, Fitness and Aging, AIDS, Travel, and Real Estate.

Core Accomplishments

With the unique combination of working as a consultant in both the business and clinical areas of health care, Cynthia has worked tirelessly

to achieve the highest levels of client satisfaction and outcomes through comprehensive client care, team development, educational training

and delivery and telemedicine support prograns.

Asa consultant for HELP Pain Medical Network, Cynthia developed and implemented their Remote Care Services Program

Not only did this require the development and roll out of the program but ako the development and delivery of the training across the

interdisciplinary providers.

Pee S oer ccb eon ee Res OMe Mosca Neca we ornlielenp eect (ua Boscacbeshyaraltor seicarcd
and independence by teaching and reinforcing principals kamed in the IPRP.

¢ Asa result in the Remote Care Services, clients were able to reduce and manage pain, reduce dependence on pain medication, increase

their overall health perception and prevent relapse.

Cynthia's work with HELP focused primarily on Workers Compensation clients.

© She worked extensively in the coordination of multiple carriers, applicant attomeys, patients and primary care providers to achieve positive

outcomes for both the patient and the carrier.

As Vice President of Operations for HELP, Cynthia continued to work with physicians and other providers, patients and carriers to develop

an IT infrastructure to efficiently navigate the rapidly changing Califomia Workers Compensation revisions.

Uieecctenalpoumar anes
Healthcare
May 2001 Company Nant i City , State

Por eiibrloercliitetim ae Rata pamirl ous nucnekeie cmt bes VCocrenYorelonizalt ene we

* Managed and monitored state, Medicaid, Medicare and JCAHO standards and compliance for pharmaceutical infision company, including
application and adherence to GCP's, GLP’s and GMP's in ckan rooms and mixing rooms.

Researched and aided in procurement of contracts with companies, hospice, home health companies and employer groups in accordance

with state, federal, and insurance regulatory guidelines.

Mi orem ccd ccs Om PON nied imme NwomcceiananceeBia «keen \iatneen

Analyzed, designed and reorganized customer care call center for large Medicaid/Medicare HMO resulting in shorter hold times, fewer

dropped and misdirected calls and more efficient triage between lay care coordinator and nurse liaison.

¢ Responsibk for development of knowledge transfer methodology in health care call center to insure ongoing and consistent patient survey

Becca

Ded eo niece a oan ei micnecoccnone enema ume en Vics evone One Oech rare neem Coneat ie

System design and development.

Developed, designed and implemented health care service provider facility audits in compliance with state and federal guidelines for large

Medicaid/Medicare HMO.

Designed, developed and implemented computerized data collection program for international post acute and Jong term care provider

ound

Strategic planning of large clinic occupational medicine department.

Managed sales and clinical staff, tracked activity, analyzed results and revised sakes plans as necessary.

Responsibk for customer satisfaction survey colkction and analysis for care management company.

ee enon nctrmoetsucelcute me recaclirenmincb angie rag ate donans Cd tod reteran rece cee on

Developed and implemented new marketing strategies including trade show presentations and guest Iecturer engagements Created, edited

PiSo accede iemoe toon Wome omlrercdcrneradnerronbrccib (aercne sania cw ies

Se yea Une el Kore R Ecole ou miLaictciecs nna an ») oamuiel Mulan cen ens eaioe

a Aaa om Norinco Rene amed elton eR per ccMugeee nce rece

Provide support in medically related litigation and other medical-egal rmatters in the following areas: personal injury; product lability; medical

malpractice; toxic torts; workers’ compensation; risk management; medical licensure investigation, and other applicable cases.

Ca

° e ry

er
