CLAIMS SERVICE SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

Medical Billing Specialist with 3 years experience in a fast-paced, multiple client medical billng company. Researched and denied chains and
submitted appeals. Familiar with health billng and collections.

FRc re cetera mip ee etce

als
* Medical terminology expert
Cee (ODS lnkorite Once LentyeBoeemey ctr)
© Billng and collection procedures expert
* Hospital inpatient and outpatient records CRU RB Seceeeeieie cid
CMe Girlbcr@ensctictercigecol anny © Customer service award
CMO nieonaciycosgerciitonedsicts CN) <cemchvcs
Pe (ue revehee er uciicsy ¢ Excellent time management skills
¢ Familiar with commercial and private insurance carriers © Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel
© Insurance and collections procedures © MS Office expert
« DRGand PC grouping © Supervisory training
Ca Si loinnecmecticthadecns icy ¢ Accomplished kader
© Research and data analysis © Resource management expertise
CEO ecemantemekecctll © Knowledge of Medicare statutes and regulations
© Adept multi-tasker
* Office support (phones, faxing, filing)
¢ Excellent verbal communication
Work History

Chis Service Specialist , 10/2013 to 062014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Fikd chins per NextGen system Discussing coverage's and lability with insured, chimant, and body shops.

Ako spoke with lienhoklers and medical providers.

Typing and data entry Obtaining police reports to determine liability for chims Reviewing estimates and correspondence faxed, maikd, and
emnikd in.

RSTn koala hinaca cl pecoaciee ics Omecias bee kes Tin tice

I Ureucomuel lalat ries meeackasniice eri aaeeemeeunnerelLeinc ky accutane

Correctly coded and billed medical chims for various hospital and nursing facilities.

Verified patients’ elighility and chins status with insurance agencies.

Performed qualitative analysis of records to ensure accuracy, intemal consistency and correlation of recorded data.

Interacted with providers and other medical professionals regarding billing and documentation policies, procedures and regulations.
Accurately posted and sent out all medical chins.

Submitted electronic/paper chims documentation for timely filing,

Chims Specialist , 10/2011 to 07/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Correctly coded and billed medical chims for various hospital and nursing facilities.

Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.

Diligently filed and followed up on third party chims.

Determined prior authorizations for medication and outpatient procedures.

Pre-certified medical and radiology procedures, surgeries and echocardiograms.

Researched questions and concems from providers and provided detailed responses.

Reviewed, analyzed and managed coding of diagnostic and treatment procedures contained in outpatient medical records.
Researched CPT and ICD-9 coding discrepancies for compliance and reimbursement accuracy.

Actively maintained current working knowledge of CPT and ICD-9 coding principks, government regulation, protocols and third party
requirements regarding billing.

Managed collections claims for unpaid bills against the estates of debtors.

Accurately posted and sent out all medical chins.

Submitted electronic/paper chims documentation for timely filing,

Performed billmg and coding procedures for arrbulance, emergency room, impatient and outpatient services.

Precisely evaluated and verified benefits and eligbility.

Responded to correspondence from insurance companies.

Identified and resolved patient billmg and payment issues.

Confidently and adeptly handled claim denials and/or appeals.

Evaluated patients’ financial status and established appropriate payment plans.

Reviewed and resolved chim issues captured in TES/CLAIMS edits and the clearing house.

Examined patients’ insurance coverage, deductibles, possible insurance carrier payments and remaining balances not covered under their
