HEALTHCARE CLINICAL ANALYST

Professional Experience

Novenber 2012 to September 2015

Company Name City , State Healthcare Clinical Analyst

© Tentered the insurance arena with no insurance experience and I now successfitlly serve as a leader in the appeals deparement. I work all
Ines of business, including commercial, state group and Medicare appeaks. In this highly collaborative area, I work in conjunction with

medical directors, medical policy, pharmacy, and [edcaneiawsi ues Re(necl etcm
© I create training materials and train and mentor all new employees.In addition, I create and present formal training to employees throughout
medical operations.

© I provide constant process improvement

January 2011 to Noverrber 2012
Company Name City , State Manager, National Childre'n's Study

 Inthis position, I began as the assistant manager and was quickly promoted to manager. When I began with the study, there was an
adversarial relationship between Battelle and the University of Florida. As the manager, I strengthened this relationship and created a
es MAE Ruelhatiraiexestube lech om

© I managed over thirty employees including data collectors and ancillary staff.

© I developed and implanted the QA program, ensured the overall integrity of'study implerrentation and adherence to study protocol,
conducted field training and inspections, evaluated compliance performance, monitored and maintained quality of files, managed the lab and
supervised a staffof twenty data collectors.

© Inaddition, I prepared statistical reports for the principal investigator and identified trends and areas for quality assurance implementation.

January 2007 to January 2011
Company Name City , State Oncology Nurse

I administered immunoglobuln therapy, chemotherapy, blood products, hydration and pain medication.

T educated patients and families regarding medications, drug processes and navigating the healthcare system

Additionally, I educated patients on selfadministered subcutaneous administration.

I mixed and administered chemotherapy, hydration, and other medications.

T maintained and used central lines and venipunctures to administer chemotherapy.

I assessed patients for changes in condition, evaluated labs and consulted physicians regarding dose modifications, and assessed for
problems and symptom managenent.

REV MAlee ROMs a wal
Company Name City , State GI Infission Nurse

© I performed venous and arterial punctures, maintained intravascular sites including tubing and dressings, monitored for infections, initiated
emergency therapies, assessed patients for adverse reactions and complications, and documented all patient-directed activities.
* Talso educated patients on the side effects and complications of their therapy and medication.

RENT ala arAll mom lita ural] te]
Company Name City , State Clinical Research Coordinator

* I coordinated a DNA collection study.

© This included subject recruitment, administration of informed consents, collection of case report fonrs, collaboration with the IRB, and
peeen geese oy

* Inaddition, I worked with over twenty surgeons and their staff to identify eligible participants.

January 1999 to January 2001
OO ANE LO AE CE UNS Bu eucinL@eeeliaeg

© Families and Schools Together (FAST) is a collaborative, family focused program that is held in numerous schools in Jacksonville.

© Inthis position I recruited, hired, trained, and supervised all employees in the program, conducted site visits, managed the budget, and
coordinated program evaluation.

© Iwas ako responsibk for grant writing and management, marketing, and volunteer recruitment and training.

© Additionally, I served asa liaison between the FAST program and the school faculty and administration.

January 1997 to January 1998
Company Name City , State Research Coordinator

¢ I served as the principal investigator for a study of compkmentary/unconventional cancer therapies.

© This included the development ofa survey of oncologists that was completed by physicians at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research
(Koen MYO aOntn com Aoow re cco MNctiomecmln Deck Oi ee Orlnaaa Manan

¢ Talso analyzed and presented data.
