PROJECT COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
To be part ofa world class organization where I can utilize my experience and knowledge gained e*ciently and help the organization realize its
goals and objectives by focusing on optimum operational management and leadership activities.
Core Qualifications
© Medicine and Dentistry Critical Thinking
© Judgment and Decision Making Medical terminology
© Time Management Active Leaming
CROs A@o ne Pavesi iy Occ cd
© HIPAA E-health records, MS-o*ce and other o*ce tools

schivor anes
Project Coordinator
June 2015 to Decerrber 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Roks and responsibilities: Maintained project assets, communications and related database(s).

Maintained scheduling and event calendars.

Performed payroll fimctions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and submitting payroll.

Review and report the project's budget and finances.

Collected information and made judgments through observation, interviews, and the review of documents.

Applied systematic sampling techniques to ensure the accuracy, compketeness, precision, and representativeness of samples selected for
Satan

Collaborated with economic development planners to decide on the implementation of proposed development policies, plans, and programs
Eke Goan lmunt cers sceecrenelr em Celi Munceetiestle nem

Conducted participatory action research in communities and organizations to assess how work is done and to design work systems,
technologies, and enviroments.

© Build and use text-based database management systems to support the analysis of detailed firsthand observational records or "fied notes.".

BS Cea) neste aNelinieites Cog
January 2013 to Decerber 2013 Company Name

* Roks and responsibilities: Established work schedules and assignments for sta*, according to workload, space and equipment avaihbility.

© Conducted fiscal operations, including accounting, planning budgets, authorizing expenditures, establishing rates for services, and
coordinating financial reporting.

Maintained awareness of advances in medicine, computerized diagnostic and treatment equipment, data processing technology, goverment
regultions, health insurance changes, and financing options.

Monitored the use of diagnostic services, inpatient beds, facilities, and sta* to ensure e*ective use of resources and assess the need for
BiGieors Ko weRer tien cimrEd naan com

Introduced E-Health records to the organization Developed and maintained computerized record managerent systems to store and process
data such as personnel activities and information, and to produce reports.

© Prepared activity reports to inform management of the status and implementation plans of programs, services, and quality initiatives.

© Managed the changes in integrated health care delivery systems, such as work restructuring, technological imovations, and shifts in the focus
OS ceni

Developed and implemented medical programs or health services that promote research, rehabilitation, and community health.

Student Inter
OO eM EROM Oc coms eaGQen lian cli cay L Ors mENtl (cl

© Roks and responsibilities: Examined teeth, gums, and related tissues, using dental instruments, x-rays, or other diagnostic equipment, to
evaluate dental health, diagnose diseases or abnormulities, and plan appropriate treatments.

Completed and maintained accurate records or reports regarding the patients’ histories and progress, services provided, or other required
siefevennat hoe

Advised or instructed patients regarding preventive dental care, the causes and treatrrent of dental problems, or oral health care services.
Treated exposure of pulp by pulp capping, removal of pulp from pulp chamber, or root canal, using dental instruments.

Prescribed antibiotics or other medications.

Designed prosthodontic appliances, such as space maintainers, bridges, or dentures, or write fabrication instructions or prescriptions for
Clonitedexe mean sean sticy

Fill pulp charrber and canal with endodontic materials.

Evaluated dental needs to determine changes or trends in pattems of dental disease.

Applied fluoride or sealants to teeth.

Managed business, employing and supervising sta* and handling paperwork and insurance chins.

Osi Me yes SULCIRCOneID edb cucttse

Participated in case conferences or sta* meetings.

brairestbeny
Master's : Healthcare Administration , Dec 2015 Oklahonn State University i City , State Healthcare Administration 3.79
