SENIOR SPECIALTY SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Summary

Decisive seasoned Bio-phanmaccutical sales representative who drives territory growth through creative and imovative marketing strategies.
Skilled at analyzing market trends and customer needs to develop highly-effective and targeted campaigns to drive revenue.

bs hranianie
Account management

Customer service-oriented

a A CRW rocee Oli Lcemoui eke velcis
Quantitative analysis © Market segmentation
Deadline-driven © Project management

© Competitive analysis
bree Oe © Trade shows

Cross-fimetional team leadership

Accomplishments

CEG ed rock yuu eu ne ee areas keer Los en PRR OnL ea Onane nur Leuurls eect

© Presented PowerPoint presentation to Executive Leadership Team on custorrer segyrentation strategy and customer retums strategy.
Resulting program increased volume sales by 1 Million in 1 year

* Provided subject matter content to a sales module on successful selling in a hospital enviromrent. Resulting sales training from this module
kead to significant increase in Synagis revenue from hospital sales and greater confidence of sales reps to enter hospital systers

© Created a project to increase sales tearris collaboration. Used company's SharePoint Service to create a workspace for field use. Worked
with Effectiveness Team to roll out a similar platform using Box.com Program has been incorporated by Astra Zeneca to share information
and increase colhboration of sales and commercial teams

schivor anes
SENIOR SPECIALTY SALES REPRESENTATIVE 01/2006 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

Key Responsibilities included: Marketing and promoting CVD products to NYC CV, Endocrinology, and Nephrology specialists and

peel oM

Business Planning, Sales Forecasting and strong use of Excel.

Meeting and exceeding sales goals.

Built strong business relationships with healthcare executives and key opinion leaders.

Strong collaboration with internal partners.

Roca ep Ceo CCPC He cd eral AAAU eM om rninecsiteelsiecliieeine Ronis ieee eke anbsiee lad

contract negotiations, KOL identification, and press for formulary access at NYPH Cornell.

¢ Regional Market Events Think Tank Committee appointment - 2009: appointed to team by Regional Sales Director following market
Codi cee Zot Me Rel one eoniae ee eee Lek EA me cUON NE rep ta iew Dine MPAN OR Om Green Leal Re atsieeyt 2]
sales team- 2008: strong sales achieverrent, measured by sales reports and strong performance reviews.

© Achieved by uncovering an unmet need in territory Zetia Product Advisory Committee Appointment 2008: consulted Marketing Department

as a teamon brand initiatives, a direct result of strong sales performance and year end reviews.

TPR OU Aeon ina Nhe

® NYC Teaching Hospitals, NYC & NJ Pulmonologssts.

© 8 hospital Formulary Placements and 3 hospital Protocol Implementations to achieve 115% to goal achievernent and 140% to goal for new
i cuceaesnieae

® Achieved and exceeded sales goals YOY throughout tenure.

© Zithromax Product Advisory board appointments.

01/2001 to 01/2005 Company Nan City , State

© Responsibilities include the promotion of key branded products to Internal Medicine, Pulmonologists Cardiologists, Nephrologists,
Allergists, Dermtologists, Psychiatrists, Geriatric Specialists, Neurologists, Otolaryngologists, and NYC Hospital Teaching Institutions.

Guest Regional and National Trainer Appointments PROFESSIONAL HEALTHCARE REPRESENTATIVE 01/2001 to 01/2003

© Circle of Excellence Sales Award Trip Winner Rookie of the Year Award Regional Performance Fund Award for stepping into vacant
Hospital Territory in district and driving sales Achieved and exceeded sales goals throughout tenure Multiple appointments to marketing
product advisory boards due to achievements with fiekd saks.
