HOME HEALTHCARE TECHNICIAN
Ritirerctag
Certified Nursing Assistant with 3+ years work in fast-paced environment handling confidential paperwork, administering medication and providing
Cray patient careHardworking, skilled at wound care, mobility assistance and charting, Highly flexible and willing to work all shifts. Experience
serving chronically ill patients, including assisting with daily living activities and houschold tasks. Patient and highly compassionate. IN Orred ven
care and hospice care settings. Established record of, Sea creating positive rapport with patients, pee staff. A Currently certified
withA National Health Association A A SixA years a ccd with physically disabled client. Monitored vital signs, assisted with feeding,
bathing/grooming, positioning and range of motion exercises. Looking for a penmant A care position, witha health care facility that I can stay with

and give my time and skills to.A
Sag
¢ Clinical trainng © Strong organizational skills
© Strong medical ethic ¢ Active listening skills
¢ Enthusiastic caregiver © Courteous demeanori€<
Ceo srebe tore eum chet Me MB Dr cyLot RCL ee Ut he(d
© Practiced inpatient and outpatient caregiver oe A€<
© Patient/familyfocused © Inventory control familiarity
¢ Blood Withdrawal certification Ceca clits s\had
© Abides by infection control standards © Results-oriented
© Flowsheet charting skillfiness © Selfdirected
¢ CPRBLS certified © Excellent communication skills
CRM EVonauteseimeucaiaica nal eu s © Computer-sawy
© Patient positioning understanding Casiuencg ee cutce) tag
© Qualified in specinen colkction/processng © Resourcefil
Cire cd emiculentoeivel kiatnerivecy © HIPAA compliance
¢ AED certification © Trained in grooming and bathing assistance
Ce ure onbieceitbentslelig © Valid AL driver's license
CREW cshes PaCOsinerysea tig © Medical terminology knowledge
¢ Quality control procedures © Calmand level-headed under duress
Accomplishments
¢ Clinical Skills.
© Monitored patient's respiration activity, blood pressure and blood glucose levels in response to medical administration.
Ce CKO eae NCC enn PCS TeCe Cn CRMUR ncimentlia ining obra
© I get alone with people very well in all kinds of situations,
© I keep very good notes of things I have done and what the out come is, and if'any concems the patient might have that I need to get answers
oa
Experience
September 2015

Company Name City , State Home Healthcare Technician

¢ IT ameurently working full A time as a home health Patient care technician, I am looking for a position ina medical center or office setting,
* They currently do not offer benefits, and no paid holidays and no paid vacation.
¢ IT would lke a full time position, with benefits package.

April 2015

to

May 2015

Company Name Professional ExPerience

¢ Certified Nursing Assistant with home health care and hospice care experience.
© Provenrecord of reliabitity and strong ability to establish rapport with patients, family and stafE
¢ Also Certified in Phlebotomy, EKG and CPR.

March 1998

to

RN eAu ys

Company Name City , State Admitting Clerk I Emergency Room Clerk

¢ I loved my job at Carraway because people needed someone who understood the problems they were having and not judge them

CS orem Un comic Loa e Lace res Dear cemiiesiinlcee alnepvance

¢ Son ofthese families were recieving the worst news of their lives, some were getting wonderful news, so I was there to celebrate and to
eee Is omrclOncukememerenncia

February 1989
