OPERATIONS MANAGER
Professional Summary
Excellent time management abilities with sound relationship and buikding skills. Able to manage effectively at all levels, strong leadership skills and
strong financiaVanalytical understandings. Developed and managed monthly and yearly budgets Implemented Total Quality Management (TQM)
and empowered staffto maximize their growth potentiak. Profit/loss statements (graphs) to show supervisors (CEO, President) month to month
statements on how each department and/or company was doing, along with recommendations on what should be done to continue or improve on
previous months and trends. Managed multiple sites Program developrrent Hire and terminations ofall employees Highlights of Accomplishments
Increase profits by increasing both billmg revenue and productivity of employees. Improve customer satisfaction through education and decreasing
scheduling conflicts. Decrease loss revenue through billing department Working with customers and payments Educating customers on their
responsibilities to pay Improve employee production Decrease the amount of employee sick time through incentive programs Highly analytical
healthcare management professional combining more than 28 years of work in healthcare with proficiency in financial management, leadership and
ect eRee es Rel leetpece
als

Cie cireeatnegseeie ares

° So te a « Accomplished leader

* Analytical thinker A enna intr eten eaten cs

© Quality improverrent competency as sas ales °

© Promotes positive behavior

Work History
03/2004 to 02/2008
Operations Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

Performed all business responsibilities for the Rehab Department ofa Physician group practice.

HUrvurtikecha yi erm icirecCRU MME caic Ot C moda ao

Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of perfonmarce, policies and procedures.

PEs see rte aaa me sper RD Re enh eceer ic GiMwllleeninae a Br CC OME TLeme tL eves Ni

Recruited, hired, trained and coached on average of 3 new employees per year.

Developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care.
Consistently complied with applicable laws and regulations and ensured facility adhered to Medicare and Medicaid regulations.
Established and oversaw implementation ofan effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs.
Oversaw private and MCR billing, payroll, AP, and AR and verified that proper procedures were followed.

Developed and achieved financial and growth goals.

Strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets.

Encouraged creative thinking, problem solving, and empowerment as part of the facility managerrent group to improve morale and
eaten ole

* Reviewed customer survey information to prioritize areas of improvement.

Achieved high staff morale and retention through effective communication, prompt problem resolution, proactive supervisory practices and
facilitating a proactive work environment.

Cooperated and communicated effectively with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance with set standards.

Conducted monthly patient case conferences, in-services and staff meetings to educate staffand facilitate good communication.
Certified that equipment and supplies were properly maintained for quality patient care and safety.

Identified process improvernents in the day-to-day fimetioning of the department.

Managed and directed fiscal operations, including planning budgets, authorizing expenditures, accounting, establishing service rates and
coordinating financial reporting.

UPN R Onze.)
Healthcare Business Director Company Name a€* City , State

Impkmmented business plans and growth potential through expanding outreach clinics and outpatient facilities.

Increased awareness of hospital to outlying population through free clinics and community education.

PEs see rte aaa me sper RD Re enh eceer ic GiMwllleeninae a Br CC OME TLeme tL eves Ni

Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of perfonmarce, policies and procedures.

Established and oversaw implementation ofan effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs.
Developed and achieved financial and growth goals.

Strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets.

Introduced, negotiated and implemented new projects to expand scope of engagerrent.

Identified process improvernents in the day-to-day fimetioning of the department.

03/1993 to 07/2000
Business Director Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Performed business duties to increase revenue through higher patient referrals by means of marketing strategies, decreased debt and
increased overall profit so company could re-sell clinic for higher profit.

© Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of perfonmamce, policies and procedures.

¢ Developed a system of'staff communication that ensured proper impkmentation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care.
