DIMI O SS

bese reccye)i 2 Bs)

California-licensed Vocational Nurse with 25+ years of experience. Maintain strong reputation for achieving high levels of patient satisfaction.
Works effectively as a team member and interact ina positive manner with patients, including difficult individuals.

Core Qualifications

CA License #VN133323 Skill Highlights Patient-centered care Accurately document patient conditions BAC screen/drug screen colkction
ability Medication administration expert Acute and rehabilitative care Wound cleaning/care expertise Mobility assistance I'V drug therapy
mmnagement Colostomy care familiarity Gastroenteral nutrition education Body mechanics knowkedgeMedical clinical Speciren
colkction/processing proficiency procedures comprehension

Experience

od BN rinse

RET AU) OMe Tsro rae ota Nr chy ges ESI Co

Oecd nikon ne guess Ho PACS CnCAN UE ISuni cml cubermineRshitnep care cls
Supported patients with customized patient teaching took.

Ensured efficacy of treatments through monitoring of treatment regimens.

Provided treatment within scope of practice as defined by state law.

Coordinated with doctors and registered nurses to develop care plans for patients.

Recorded patients’ medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.

Ree Lanka cep moncenesorhecklnous min asn tric

Perforied hb tests and communicated results.

Served as a liaison between patients and physicians to assist patients in understanding their treatrrent plans.
WV Ooo eeB oreo CAME Me Reon icone

Btesccbritcn ome eee buiteeced andy

Staff Nurse/Detox Specialist
December 2012 to October 2013 Company Name 14 City , State

© Recorded patients’ medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.

© Performed all tasks with a patient-centered focus whik secking opportunities for improvement of processes and treatments.

¢ Provided education to patients on detox and withdrawal, medications, addiction, recovery, coping skills and commumity resources.
Acted as patient advocate and implemented total patient care through a team nursing process covering 10+ high acuity patients per shift.
© Accurately documented all clements of nursing assessment, treatments, medications, discharge instructions and follow-up care.

© Coordinated with doctors and registered nurses to develop care plans for patients.

SS livep seit R@utrem Tite)

March 2009 to Noverrber 2010 Company Name 14 City , State

© Provided care for home-bound vent patient.
© Provided gastrointestinal feedings, medications, suctioning and family support.
¢ Performed tracheotomy care and range of motion exercises daily.

© Used house lift system to transfer patient to wheelchair.

Cee See oeg si ban ao MyI DE eesiltne asim

StaffNurse

October 2008 to January 2009 Company Name i City , State

¢ Provided musing care to patients including, but not limited to, distribution of medications, wound care and seen ay ID Kelce Cone
© Worked closely with MDs during patient evaluations, transcribed MDs orders.

CBN R IDK ming slvcneensti ies

¢ Worked closely with patient and family to address their needs and clarify any orders or procedures.

© Sct up any patient transfers to other facilities or to hospital for tests, etc., mcluding transport scheduling,

© Supervised duties of Certified Nursing Assistants.

aloe Nira
May 2007 to September 2007 Company Name 1% City , State

eel eccBo ria metemner COS continent a hmnee any be

Performed tracheotomy care and range-of- motion exercise.

PMs pentane reckertivm dese octiey

Ure e(ccRst mem nes luce NTN

Assist the patient in reconnecting to vent.

Provided Gastrointestinal feeding, medications and suctioning.

BKM ree Cone Reece ese eticeklboubomani Lesion lite

Nea iTase
March 1999 to August 2006 Company Name i% City , State
