HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATION INTERN

Professional Summary

To find a position that will utile my knowledge while working in tandem with ina highly-regarded setting Skilled at commumicating, organizing and
solving problens to raise the stature and rankings of health care facilities.

Skills
© Strong p resentation skills Ae
¢ Effective staffcoach , piacere
ep LL a ae
Rare crs ¢ Independent judgment and decision mking
Work History

Healthcare Adminstration Intern , 01/2014 to 04/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Conducted a feasibility study on 12, 10 and eight hour shifis by compiling statistics.

Handled detail work including make and maintaining a work schedule for 16 employees.

Proposed new ideas for the holiday and schedule guidelines.

Worked with a LEAN coach, Budget Director, Human Recourse, Pay Roll Reprehensive to get an over view of how things are ran in the
loosen ana

Worked with tight deadlines.

Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of perfonmarce, policies and procedures.

Organized the departrrent in accordance with administrative guidelines in order to provide specified nursing services to meet the legal,
organizational and medical staff guidelines.

Interpreted and communicated new or revised policies to staff

PEs see rte aaa me sper RD Re enh eceer ic GiMwllleeninae a Br CC OME TLeme tL eves Ni

Pulmonary Lab Technician , 04/2011 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Performed 12-kead EKGs on patients throughout the health system using the GE MAC 5000 EKG Machine.

Assumed responsibility for reading EKGs for normal and abnormal results and reporting these to the Doctor, Charge Nurse or Nurse.
Extracted arterial blood for blood gas tests for patients using ABL800 Flex Radiometer and ran sampks, reported and verified results.
Identified abnormal results and report the results to the appropriate personnel; maintained the ABL800 Flex with changing out membranes,
SUC CM eH TUO ESO) LeioeIn ees RACING

Maintained and ensured timely replenishrent of supplies for the boratory, especially those used to conduct EKGs and blood gas tests.
Conducted monthly correlations and reruns of samples; organized EKG logs, credit logs and sampk rejection logs.

Compose the schedule for 24 lab employees.

Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of perfonmarce, policies and procedures.

PEs see rte aaa me sper RD Re enh eceer ic GiMwllleeninae a Br CC OME TLeme tL eves Ni

Developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care.
Educated staffon state and federal statutes, rules and regulations goveming home care services.

Interpreted and communicated new or revised policies to staff

Elen PASO em OPA IO LtC Le. 8 |
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Performed standardized laboratory tests to verify chemical characteristics or composition of specimen.
© Completed medical laboratory tests, procedures, experiments, and analyses to provide data for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of

Celeste

Conducted chemical analyses of body fluids, such as blood, urine, and spinal fluid, to determine presence of nonml and abnormal
components.

Studied blood cells, their numbers, and morphology, using microscopic technique and performed blood group, type, and compatibility tests
for transfision purposes.

Provided complex laboratory technical support and was responsible for the facilitation ofa draw station lab including preparation of
manu, manifests and monthly reports.

© Skillfilly developed departmental goals, objectives, standards of performace, policies and procedures.
© Organized the departent in accordance with administrative guidelines in order to provide specified nursing services to meet the legal,

organizational and medical staff guidelines.
PEs see rte aaa me sper RD Re enh eceer ic GiMwllleeninae a Br CC OME TLeme tL eves Ni

© Recruited, hired, trained and coached on average of 4 new employees per year.
* Established and maintained systems that safely met residents’ needs.

Patient Educator , 08/2005 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Conducted training for clients and their annointed caretakers on how to use comnlex PT-INR blood monitoring instruments,
