oN CelNaee
Summary
Work Ethic,A Personal Ownership, Responsibility, Adaptability, ability to lam quickly and accurately, Positive attitude, Timeliness, Positive
appearance and customer interactions. A A
Highlights
CMe Oibnemciiictoneoss
Pee Gereonicleiincas
© Self motivated professional

schivor anes
March 2015
to

(OTe

Company Name City , State Engineer

CEP ACS ica NRCyi Tae 8) ance

Woe rinecBrliiecmustancea haem

Troubleshot electronic parts of the building.

Recorded guest comments or comphints, referring customers to managers as necessary.
Assisted guests with any special requests during their visits.

Contacted housekeeping or maintenance staff when guests reported problems.

Issued roomkeys and escort instructions to bellhops.

Prepared sheetrock, metal and wood surfaces for painting,

Refinished household furniture such as desks, chairs, tables and bookcases.

Coordinated and completed ongoing routine painting of the exterior and interior of the properties.
Collborated with electricians, carpenters and mechanics to complete construction projects.
Completed basic plumbing, electrical, carpentry and HVAC duties.

Operated compressors, striping machines, sandblasters and spray equipment.

Completed and updated all work orders, records of service calls and work logs.

Covered floors before prepping, priming and painting all surfaces.

January 2012

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Handyman

Transfer took, parts, equipment, and supplies to and from work stations and other areas.

Disassemble broken or defective equipment to facilitate repair and reassemble equipment when repairs are compkte.

Install or replace machinery, equipment, and new or replacement parts and instruments, using hand or power tools.

Examine and test machinery, equipment, components, and parts for defects to ensure proper fimctioning.

Hold or supply took, parts, equipment, and supplies for other workers.

Position vehicles, machinery, equipment, physical structures, and other objects for assembly or installation, using hand tools, power took,
and moving equipment.

Adjust, connect, or disconnect wiring, piping, tubing, and other parts, using hand or power tools.

Clean or lubricate vehicles, machinery, equipment, instruments, tools, work areas, and other objects, using hand tools, power tools, and
fo cihegee niorrea

Assemble and mintain physical structures, using hand or power took.

Plobie coat certinneneinsriivnronm Rieter bLaiasemcl enema es

Apply protective materials to equipment, components, and parts to prevent defécts and corrosion.

Ole Ve UCR RIED n con

Diagnose electrical problems and install and rewire electrical components.

Ue RO LES HICO ICR mica ti ealait eine bie scliic ne

January 2004

to

September 2013

Company Name City , State Healthcare Provider

© Provided Healthcare for at Home Patient.

January 2000

to

January 2004

Company Name City , State Arcade Repairman / Technician

© Fillmmchines with products, ingredients, money, and other supplies.
