EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

schivor anes

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 10/2017 to 09/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Developed strategy and ed implementation ofan end-to-end employer service model focused on Employer Groups and Brokers resolving
and avoiding escalated issues.

Fostered a culture focused on achieving high customer satisfaction and streamlined operations.

Formalized and delivered new service model strategy focused on customer-centric issue resolution and increased first-touch resolution.
Launched new employer service teams on advanced service model to include organizational redesign, setting of team strategic vision, and
inspiring service-oriented culture within 6 months.

Initiated new data reporting and analytics to drive data-driven process improvements with issue resolution timelines averaging Iess than 48
ince

Achieved employer, broker, and sales & account managerent satisfaction to contribute to employer and broker retention.

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR , 03/2004 to 102017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Directed and mentored cross-fimetional teams focused on health plan product development process to attract and retain new menbers.
Developed and implemented key organizational strategies and new products to empower health care members to navigate and utilize
healthcare services.

Steered efforts towards the creation and mobilization of multi-year national product investment portfolio achieving over $500 million in
revenue driven from digital enhancements, operational improverrents and new product offerings.

Produced and directed $50 million market-driven product investment portfolio resulting in detailed business cases, product roadimp,
product and timeline requirements.

Led development of new capabilities with demonstrated revenue performance on integrated healthcare delivery system including digital
medical payment platform, medical cost estimation solution, mobile applications other consumer-driven organizational strategies that
improved the user experience.

HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT, 11/2000 to 03/2004
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Rendered expertise as business transformational professional and ensured projects’ successful delivery across multiple healthcare clients in
various fimctional areas.

Instrumental for the chim payment recovery, contract provider, process revamping, operational improvements, and web portal designing.
Provided expertise and built solid reputation for high quality deliverables in the market whik bolstered the relations with stakehoMers/clients
through effective project leadership.

Operated as an elite communicator and continually focused on strengthening relationships with clients whik provided comprehensive
services and achieved organizational targets.

Continuously improved, streamlined, and chrified processes to ensure timely and effective outcomes as well as setup adequate systems for
internal and external operations control whereas, major clients include; WellPoint, United, Blue Shield of CA, HealthNet, and Kaiser

Se anislnct om

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Company Name

Led user-driven design sessions to identify and implement people, process and technology improverments to improve how healthcare
members better understand and use healthcare services.

As Product Developrent leader, strategically directed the design, delivery, and administration of new Consumer Directed Health Care
product platform, including product design, go-to-market strategy, and business solutions, following product development life cycle.
Developed innovative Product Operations team responsible for end-to-end product administration, ranging from employer onboarding,
employer retention, vendor management, and issue resolution.

Gained new net membership (over 100K subscribers) and achieved improved market positioning in critical large and strategic Ines of
tse

Spearheaded new internal consulting team and PMO responsible for the execution of the strategic initiatives portfolio resulting in accelerated
speed to market and high-quality delivery in mtrixed and dynamic work environment.

Focused teams on developing innovative and cutting-edge approaches at all levels with effective resource allocation and strategic planning,

© Cultivated team culture for high performance, collaboration, and transparency earning highest employee engagement scores in department

(exceeded 98% employee satisfaction).

Work History
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 10/2017 to 09/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Developed strategy and ed implementation ofan end-to-end employer service model focused on Employer Groups and Brokers resolving
and avoiding escalated issues.

Fostered a culture focused on achieving high customer satisfaction and streamlined operations.

Formalized and delivered new service model strategy focused on customer-centric issue resolution and increased first-touch resolution.
