PRACTICE MANAGER

Education and Training

Certificate of Completion: Health Information Technology - Coding Certificate Program Rowan College of Burlington County 1% City , State
MA: Administrative Managerent/Public Administration Administrative Managerrent/Public Administration

BA : Social Science/Political Science Bowie State University Clarion University of Pennsylvania i City , State Social Science/Political Science
Skill Highlights

Professional Summary
Strategic healthcare professional with over 10 years in Operations Leadership: Medical Practice Management, Hospital Administration,
Behavioral Health, and Medicare Services

Core Qualifications

Patient Centered Quality Home

Population Health Management

NY (cs testrer By (cies Le bso aces

Reguhtory Compliance

Performance and Quality Improvement

Ekxctronic Health Records

Reimbursement Methodologies

ICD-10-CM, ICD-10-PCS, HCPCS (CPT-4)

Medical Terminology

FASO MeO wlvcLe) esa

Accountable Care Organization

Revenue Cyck

Meaningful Use

Health, Disability, and Life Insurance

Physician Quality Reporting System Microsoft Office Suite, Lawson, IDX, EPIC, NextGen, DocuTap, Virtual Physician Assistant (VPA),
Business Objects, Navinet, Medview, SAM, STATT, Press Ganey, Hyperion, Infoview, Patient Safety Net, SharePoint.

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA), 2014-current American Society for Quality (ASQ), 2013-current American
College of Health Care Executives (ACHE), 2006-current. 2 Amoge Omeronye

Professional Experience

Practice Manager

January 2016 to Current Company Name i City , State

Manage administrative operations ina “patient centered medical home practice (PCMH) model for quality and safety, accessible services,
coordinated, and comprehensive care.

Complete and comply with different payer quality reporting measures.

Provide hands-on operational support to employees for optimal customer service.

Revised, developed, and restructured workflow for continuous quality improverrent and desirable outcomes.

Address patient comphints immediately for service recovery.

Investigate and resolve charge discrepancies and billing matters.

Train, and educate employees in areas of improverrent, through staff meetings, individual supervision, and rounding,

Employee professionalism and engagement have shown significant improverrent.

Sitted esl veusecslecevne ame Celene nurs on PecRColib meridia nce”

Educate employees on the organization's clinical policies and procedures, and healthcare regulations.

Improved EHR documentation, including appropriate and timely completion and update of care guidelines, patient communication, provider
inbox and provider approval queue (PAQ).

Healthcare Operations Professional
September 2012 to January 2016 Company Name i% City , State

© Provide professional advice and recommendations for healthcare providers to overcome challenging operational problems.
© Streamline the compkxities of the day-to-day operations to drive short and long-term financial growth.

Pec NOES) ecm LecLUML Chae coe Cece URI OILS Oc Rhee tain eve ce Re ese o se icem nn dog
productivity and employee health.

Initiate and develop strategies for agency-wide commitments, appropriate safety and health training; and the development of standardized
policies and procedures.

Foster an environment where strong and professional relationships thrive.

Improve quality of care through continuous quality improvement activities.

Train and develop clinical staff, management, and support staff on current healthcare regulations and requirements.

Provide clients with healthcare exchange-based products and services.

Educate and enroll benefit recipients im various Medicare Plans.

Senior Practice Manager
January 2008 to July 2012 Company Name i State
