HEALTHCARE PROVIDER
Professional Summary

Current graduate student at the University of Arizona Global Campus pursuing a Master's Degree in Health Informatics and Analytics with five
years of experience in at-home care. An exceptionally empathetic and dedicated healthcare provider with a strong record of child health care
service. Adept at handling various client issues and problems with kindness and professionalism, secking opportunities in the Healthcare and
Business

fuels

Arelable employee with an extensive track record in demanding sales and account managerment enviromments. Strong presenter, communicator,
and problem solver working effectively and productively with diverse customers and individual needs.

Astay-at-home mom of five children dedicated to ensuring the needs of the chikdren's safety and comfort by addressing their specific dict,
exercise, and tutoring needs. Including the care provided for an autistic son in creating specific routines, developmental support, and educational
strategies. Recently began the endeavor of owning and managing a small business.

Skills
© Flexible & Adaptable © Technical Support
CI Secyere tsi) © Social media knowledge
© Verbal and written communication © Strategic Planning
CEA vr luicmrecind © Compassion
© Adaptability © Selfmotivated professional
COT enumraaned ¢ Cultural awareness
* Professional telephone demeanor =» Analytical skills
¢ Account management Ce eet isa sinee <1
Work History

Healthcare Provider , 08/2015 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Worked to improve and enhance patient lives through effective and compassionate care.

PCr atcemenesLesib ei eneeiveutet@ ob gel ives o 21m

Completed household management tasks for clients within private home settings, including companionship and personal care assistance.
Coordinated daily medicine schedules and administration to help clients address symptoms and enhance quality of life.

Assisted disabled clients in any way necessary to facilitate independence and well-being.

Maintained ckan, safe and well-organized patient environment.

Monitored progress and documented any patient health status changes, keeping healthcare team updated.

Interacted kindly with patients and families and displayed positive, outgoing attitude, resulting in establishment of long-term, professional
relationships.

Assisted patients with handling daily chores and errands by transporting to appointrents, cleaning personal spaces and purchasing supplies.
Offered support for client mental and emotional needs to enhance physical outcomes and overall happiness.

Consistently met demands of clients by providing sufficient numbers of direct care providers.

Provided assistance to clients by handling household cleaning duties, managing schedules and transporting to and from medical
ETOCS CN

Facilitated calls to and from field staff to resolve issues and address concerns.

Encouraged patients to participate in safe physical activity to help boost mood and improve overall wellness.

Assisted patients with dressing, grooming and feeding needs, helping to overcome and adapt to mobility restrictions.

Supervised daily activities and provided assistance when needed.

Developed rapport to create safe and trusting environment for care.

Online English Tutor , 09/2018 to 07/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Analyzed student progress to adjust lesson planning for improvement.

Motivated students in positive eaming environment to build academic confidence.

Planned kessons for allotted time to strengthen weak subjects and build skills.

Collborated with students to complete homework assignments, identify lagging skills and correct weaknesses.
Provided verbal and written constructive criticism and positive feedback to students.

Utilized online platforms to provide online instruction in group and one-on-one environments.

Showed empathy and understanding when students needed counseling or extra support.

Moderated online discussion forums to maintain safe, engaging subject discussion.

Supported diverse student population through different teaching styles to cover multiple leaning styles.
Collaborated with parents to create tutoring sessions appropriate for student's age, karning preference and kaming style.
Updated required logs and student documentation to keep records accurate and current.
