REGIONAL RECRUITER

Summary

Motivated program management professional, a problenrsolver and decision maker; specialized in team leadership, resource coordination and
custorner service, who seeks to re-enter the workforce with both feet.

Parenter
Pam eentchare tetas © Strong written and verbal communication skills
Cae Dcnonameresicsce! Ca ennitclacaesitie
© Program development Ce REOliigd

ees cece oun Pousada Scrip eects ence
Bette 7
Process improvements © Project coordinationA

Accomplishments

Hands-on Human Resources Coordinator with proven intemational/domestic operational, strategic, change management, and compensation
Mae sEe eae SUC Alem eReeeicaee ts ECA OUCMGL SH Sn econ atamicl inom teatime walla OBereTLenrelam Lae syuiMeeel a NTIS aT ha
advising and influencing executive leadership on organizational issues that have a major business impact. Successfilly posted, recruited,
interviewed, and hired hundreds of personnel for British government postings across the world.

schivor anes

Regional Recruiter 10/2016 to Current Company Name City , State

Carry out the fil life-cycle recruitment process for a wide range of positions to include posting, sourcing, reviewing resumes and screening
estes eciccms aLanege ha xmeTeem (el oyna te)

Manage relationships with Posts delivering effective communication that supports the compktion of recruitment activities and tasks

Handk administrative related tasks including corresponding with hiring managers and candidates, record retention for recruitrents;
maintaining applicant tracking system activities related to open and closing of requisitions, entering complete and accurate data for reporting,
Pine om a aac «d

Constantly evaluating area for process efficiency and identifying areas for development in guidance and reporting feedback from customers
to senior managers

Ensure the recruitrents are effectively meeting the business needs and completed following appropriate procedures while meeting response
time defined in the Service Level Agreements

Partner with Hiring Managers to have a thorough understanding of the vacancy and the actions and customisations required to have a
successful recruitment campaign

Work with line managers to post open positions intemally and extemally, and coordinate candidate process up to and including on-boarding
Perform other related duties as required and assigned.A

SNPs BCUbele Goes m APACE AC aGQe in gN rece Osg

Principal point of contact for all healthcare and education queries for citizens and military of the United Kingdom serving across the USA.
Enrolled British employees and families in medical, dental and prescription benefits plans, and terminated plans at the conclusion of
employnent or duty.

Ensured military and United Kingdom based citizen's healthcare and education chims are checked and authorized for payment, adjusting as
necessary, and negotiated discounts with providers when appropriate.

Conducted scheduled healthcare and education reviews and updates of British Defense Staff, created action plans for development, and
submitted to the Healthcare and Education Manager for final approval.

I Ureucomuel lalat ries meeackasniice eri aaeeemeeunnerelLeinc ky accutane

Thoroughily researched newly identified diagnoses and/or medical procedures to expand skills and knowledge.

Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.

Orack Administration Officer 05/2010 to 09/2011 Company Name City

Security Clearance obtained March, 2011.

Responsible for the financial administration of the British Defense Staff Provided support to the Resource Manager (DI) with primary focus
on Oracke 1 1i fimctional system and administration tasks Controlled accounting periods and monthly maintenance of currency exchange
rates Responsibk: for the compilation and upload ofall payment spreadsheets generated by human resources.

Oversaw all travel, medical, and personal claims; ensured Foreign Service compliance and provided swift reirbursements.

Lead Pre-Kindergarten Teacher 10/2009 to 05/2010 Company Name City , State

Devised and implemented lesson plans for twenty-eight four and five-year old children, based on distinctive cognitive guidelines set by the
Rei bem ecttlieb een

Interacted and updated parents daily on the various advancements of their chikiren in handwriting, fine motor and large motor development,
Spanish language and ASL skill development, and their knowledge on new music, art history, and computer skills.

Worked with interdisciplnary team members to evaluate children's progress and recommend appropriate eaming plans.

Addressed behavioral and leaming issues with parents and daycare management.
