CASHIER
Summary

3 years in fast-paced customer service and call center environments. Personabk and professional under pressure. Motivated customer service
specialist with over 3 years retail experience ina fast-paced, teanr based environment. Excellent communicator with a demanding call center
environment as a Customer Service Representative. Friendly Sales Associate adept at working in diverse retail and customer service enviroments.
Hardworking with background in quickly taking orders, managing the drive-thru window and preparing food. POS systems knowledge. Fast food
professional focused on greeting all customers ina ffiendly, wekcoming manner. Secking added responsibilities to help restaurant operations run
smoothly. Food service worker with exceptional interpersonal skills. Reliable, punctual and works well under pressure. Crew Member offering a
Positive attitude and flexible schedule. Works well independently or with others as a team

Highlights

© Excellent communication skills and rapid and precise customer , Meneses Mm an dee

x ta pane wy © Late-night shift availability

x aarti bia ‘i © Credit card processing

Ae © Carbonated beverage dispenser cleaning and Multi-line phone talent

© Strong verbal communication Parana

: aa leat ria © Healthy meal preparation

ae ne Ty CE ecnlnRulie aneccay son eneg

ae cs A iy Ce ciconaudtscekesie

PAB arH ce cnmieescibrraiican cia re ene

Accomplishments

Enployce of the Month at Taco Bell

schivor anes
Cashier Dec 2014 to Dee 2014
Company Name i City , State

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, retums and exchanges.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning,

Expressed appreciation and invited customers to retum to the store.

Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client.

Assisted customers with store and product comphints.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphints.

Processed and issued money orders for customers.

Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.
Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.

Certified Home Healthcare Aide Feb 2014 to Sep 2014
Company Name i City , State

ur oebonieanaac lex tele

Mires berlh er CRIES ie) acm

Provided behavioralemotional support and supervision for those with dementia and Alzcheiner’s.
Assisted patients with daily fimetions.

Delivered in-home care to disabled children and adults,

Ensured safety and well-being of patients.

Transported patients to and from different departments.

FCO CUm LANKA Me a UMeecChNUM yu ce RIDe RU Cueren uu

Completed all daily living tasks to enhance the quality of life of eklerly patients.

Engaged patients with games, crafis, cooking, music, reading and other activities.

Deli/Bakery Clerk Mar 2013 to Jan 2014
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage
room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.

Changed and sanitized all cutting boards, benches and surfaces when beginning a new task to avoid cross-contamination.

Positively engaged with customers, offering menu information, providing suggestions and showing genuine appreciation for their business.
Decorated and merchandised quality bakery goods.

Oldoredebcud eddecicon mec uacnneRse se) lecm

Properly wrapped, boxed, and weighed bakery department products.

Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times.

Assisted customers in placing special orders for large-scale events such as weddings and birthday parties.
