LICENSED PRACTICAL NURSE- STEP-DOWN UNIT
Summary
Licensed Practical Nurse with 15 years in providing direct care under RN and MD supervision in diagnosis, treatment prescription and follow-up
with patients from pediatrics to geriatrics. Additional expertise includes management and staff supervision. Strong desire to focus on preventative
care and health education. Energetic and motivational and leader dedicated to driving top-quality patient care. Looking for a position in a top-
notch facility with a commitment to innovative processes.A

Nursing Expertise

© Geriatrics

Pediatrics
Correctional Nursing
Occupational Health
Med- Surg

Home HealtheareA
Ga Orles
School Nursing
Travel Nursing Agencies
seit

Deen O)incs

BA Tishaa eltney

ae

brairestbeny

yA)

Bachelor of Science : (Pre-Med) Fourdations in Counseling Samford University is City , State , U.S
2009

Pre- Nursing RN Lawson State Community College i% City , State , U.S

2003

Licensed Practical Nurse Bessemer State Technical College 4 City , State , U.S
schivor anes

01/2017 to 09/2017

Licensed Practical Nurse- Step-down Unit Company Name 1% City , State
Recorded patients’ medical history, vital statistics and test results im medical records.

Adiinistered IV therapy and medications per MD ordersA.

Monitored post-op vital, set up PCA, fluids, reviewed post-op orders and orient patients to unit.

Developed and maintained quality care systems and standards, including but not limited to, creating and improving medical protocols/guidelmes.
Sound, ethical and independent decision-making ability consistent with medical protocols.

Disciplined, energetic employee who quickly establishes rapport with patients and colleagues.

Performed all tasks with a patient-centered focus while seeking opportunities for improvement of processes and treatments.

Assisted patients with healmg and recovery after surgery.

01/2015 to 09/2017

License Practical Nurse Company Name 1'4 City , State

Bio rine Relic @ rennet eer ece teams ese cho

Administered IV therapy and treadmill stress tests and ran nerve conduction tests in cardiac unit.

Delivered high-quality and compassionate treatment to indigent and low-income patient community.

Monitored post-op vital, set up PCA, fluids, reviewed post-op orders and orient patients to unit.

Developed and maintained quality care systems and standards, including but not limited to, creating and improving medical protocols/guidelmes.
Sound, ethical and independent decision-making ability consistent with medical protocols.

Disciplined, energetic employee who quickly establishes rapport with patients and colleagues.

Performed all tasks with a patient-centered focus while seeking opportunities for improvement of processes and treatments.

Provided patient diagnosis under strict time constraints.

Evaluated patients presenting with asthim, appendicitis and hernia.

Provided education to patients on detox and withdrawal, medications, addiction, recovery, coping skills and commumity resources.
