STAFFING COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
An energetic staffing professional seeking challenging experiences in Talent Acquisition and Talent Management. Solid communication,
interpersonal, and organizational skills. Experience in working with upper management and executives to coordinate meetings, travel arrangements
and onboarding of new employees.
Skill Highlights
* Event Coordination
¢ Microsoft Word, Excel, Power
Women ee aml rica alin
* BrassRing and Taleo
Candidate tracking systems

© Training and experience in Infovision II, Retail Link, and Spectra databases; used to analyze sales
numbers and performance, and create progressive goals for upcoming months.

Professional Experience
07/2015 to Current
Staffing Coordinator Company Name 1% City , State

Partner with US Staffing Representatives by scheduling interviews for candidates located in the US and abroad.

Coordinated travel arrangements for domestic candidates while maintaining HR data through Taleo (BaxTalent) Systems.

Responsible for processing reports on a weekly basis within Takeo. Also responsible for Source of Hire and Candidate Slate reporting,
Formed relationships with hirng managers, administrative assistants, and staffing agencies to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling
outcome. Developed relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives.

© Aid hiring managers within the Research and Developrrent, Regulatory, Sales, Quality, IT, Manufacturing, Marketing, Legal, HR, and
Sister icy

Point of contact for all Candidate Travel Questions.

Processed invoices and special payment requests for traveling candidates and tracked the progress to completion.

Assisted with Onboarding of New Hires. Helped maintain data, processed Background checks and I9s. Processed Employee Referral and
Hiring Bonus exceptions for Pay Roll.

* Facilitated New Hire Orientation with Talent Management and Business HR colleagues. Ensured New Hires to Baxalta, now Shire had a
pkasant, smooth, and informational orientation experience.

Aided with the onboarding of new employees to the staffing coordinator team by providing training on all of our processes.

Proactive in pursuing Networking and Business Acumen activities to further my knowledge and experience at Baxalta, now Shire and the
healthcare industry.

© Leader ofa Workstream dedicated to creating a SharePoint for all information regarding Interview Coordination across multiple sites
Beene Molina nes

04/2013 to 06/2015
Stafling Coordinator Company Name i% City , State

© Partner with US Medical Products and BioScience Staffing Representatives by scheduling interviews for candidates located in the US and

Pllc lom

Coordinated travel arrangements for domestic candidates while maintaining HR data through BrassRing and Takeo (BaxTalent) Systems.

Formed relationships with hirng managers, administrative assistants, and staffing agencies to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling

orice tne

Developed relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives.

Aid hiring managers within the Research and Development, Regulatory, Sales, Quality, IT, Manufacturing, Marketing, Legal, HR, and

Finance areas within the Medical Products and BioScience Businesses of Baxter Healthcare.

Developed a process used to process last minute travel requests from Staffing Representatives.

Processed invoices and special payment requests for traveling candidates and tracked the progress to completion.

Assisted with maintaining new hire paper work, data entry, and audits of their files to make sure all information has been provided for

compliance purposes.

© Facilitated New Hire Orientation with Staffing and Business HR colleagues. Ensured New Hires to Baxter had a pleasant, smooth, and

bilouranuesienennitekentnanetscs

Aided with the onboarding of new employees to the staffing coordinator team by providing training on all of our processes.

Work with Excel to create reports for Staffing Representatives and Business HR in Medical Products and BioScience organizations to track

Open Job Requisitions im BrassRing and Taleo (BaxTalkent) systems.

© Proactive in pursuing Networking and Business Acumen activities to further my knowledge and experience at Baxter and the healthcare
select a

06/2012 to 03/2013
Staffing Coordinator Contractor on Assignment at Baxter Healthcare Company Name 1% City , State

* Partner with US Medical Products and BioScience recruiters by scheduling interviews for candidates located in the US and abroad and
travel arrangerments for domestic candidates while maintaining HR data through BrassRing.

© Formed relationships with hiring managers and administrative assistants to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling outcome.Developed
relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives.

¢ Aid hiring managers within the Research and Developrrent, Regulatory, Sales, Quality, and Marketing areas within the Medical Products
