ENUMERATOR
Summary
Recent graduate with BA in Business Administration looking to obtain a position as an Administrative Assistant in which my organizational abilities
can be filly utilized. Hard working and goal-oriented professional with four years of experience secking a to achieve career growth where I will get
an opportunity to utilize my skills and abilities in handling the clerical and administrative support work, and activities.
BS ania}
Pee biresuoniaoner’
© SAP and SRM
Cash Request / Cash handling
Check Request
Purchase Orders

Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.
PPB OH

Filing and Maintaining Records

Account receivable and Payment posting
Timekeeping

Calendar Maintains

Accomplishments

Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and teanrplayer attitude.
schivor anes

AU Cher @ravans

Enuncrator Company Nanw - City , State

Collect demographic, economic and housing data on behalf ofthe U.S.

Census Bureau.

Responsible for canvassing neighborhoods, then documenting and reporting the information.

Conducts surveys about the U.S.

Fe FAC MSC ePUIaRLO aR SlcHin Reese cated

Responsible for verifying household addresses and ensuring that all maps and address lists are correct.

Allcolkected census information, as well as documentation of hours, miles and expenses encountered Assist residents by reading forms and
answering questions about the census.

UPL OREN
Healthcare Advocate Company Name - City , State

* Respond to and resolve on the first call, customer service inquires and issues by identifying the topic and type of assistance the caller needs
such as benefits, eligibility and claims, financial spending accounts and correspondence.

Help guide and educate customers about the fimdamentals and benefits of consumer-driven health care topics to include managing their
health and well-being by selecting the best benefit plan options, maximizing the value of their health plan benefits and choosing a quality care
provider Intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the customer to assist with appointrent scheduling or connections with
internal specialists for assistance when needed Assist customers in navigating myuhe.com and other UnitedHealth Group websites and
encourage and reassure them to become self-sufficient Owned problem through to resolution on behalfof the customer in real time or
through comprehensive and timely follow-up with the member Research complex issues across multiple databases and work with support
resources to resolve customer issues and/or partner with others to resolve escalated issues Provide education and status on previously
submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests Mect the performance goals established for the position in the areas of
efficiency, call quality, customer satisfaction, first call resolution and attendance.

02/2013 to 10/2015
Receptionist II Company Name - City , State

© Performed varies administrative tasks requiring the exercise of discretion and judgment and provided administrative support to faculty and
staff in the Critical Care Department.

Geo cM UO ePRccuCe irate enl vers ere easiccncl i

Initiates purchase orders, and travel reirbursements in SAP.

FN atceRl Lee on pence hci cohen amet tramcltccmvas rine lasth

Overseen the filng and maintenance of correspondence and other records, and entered, tracked and maintained timesheets for division
employees and faculty.

Nie nee crm ESM EOE (Hoare ec ecm macs uneeiee Benen iOne Bee LNs ccm

Maintained and provided assistance with the interpretation of various reports and forms.

Developed and maintained databases, data forms, and progress reports.

Flexible, highly organized, productive, & possess exceptional time managerrent skills.

Experience with manuscript preparation and Endnotes with attention to detail and accuracy.

11/2012 to 01/2013
