COMMUNICABLE DISEASE SPECIALIST
Summary
Bachelors of Health Science with 7+ years experience in social services and medical health settings, working with diverse populations in the

military, and public health care fields. Creative and resourcefil social service professional talented at quickly mastering new skills and processing
PeaVA UOT isl ben

Highlights

© Knowledge in the principles and practices of epidemiology as it relates to *- Experience with Electronic Medical Record
communicable disease surveillance, investigative techniques, conduct of (EMR)Maragenent Information System (MIS) Sendss
Oech a nuecheslleomrtneRecemilryuarrang (OR riteerrer ane

© Knowledge of emergency preferred and Incident Command Systems © Experience Disease Intervention Specialist (DIS)
(ICS) PEE ucrarsoler aul Obie aa cs eins om elke

© Skill in demonstrating a cooperative, professional attitude to cultivate slo Gcc@eKe ii emiet@ lo sRvatuas’
Fis Cencni pe iBuuiebteneecyeealeReneaaicalceel © Respond to inquiries and provide detailed and technical

© Skill in prioritizing and organizing multiple tasks and the ability to informtion conceming related principkes, practices,
compkte projects ina timely manner issues, measures, teclmiques and procedures

© Experience /Knowledge of HIV and STD

schivor anes
(Ovnitiesl) eeBccswen) enacts
January 2014 to December 2015 Company Name - City , State

Assists in the implerrentation of timely disease intervention strategies to decrease the prevalence of communicable diseases.

Performs investigations, data collection, analysis, and interpretation.

Performs reporting and surveillance activities.

Prepares documentation ofall communicable disease case investigations occurring within the district.

Provides case managernt to clients with various communicable diseases such as sexually transmitted diseases and HIV/AIDS.

Provides direct diagnostic and therapeutic services for public health clients both in the clinic and field setting.

Provides educational programs, outreach events sessions to enhance public understanding of sexually transmitted diseases and HIV/AIDS.

Phacenent Specialist
Fone eR Os Ponca ReGen en aN oe OIN mee!

* Assessed the level of risk to children by conducting face-to-face interviews with the alleged child victims and their caretakers.

© Colkborated with lw enforcement when chikdren were physically removed from caretakers.

© Testified in court as to the level of risk to children placed in the agency's legal custody.

« Ensured that the children were placed in permanent stable families within as short a time frame as possibk.

© Supervised visits between chikiren and parents and testified regarding the status of the agency and/or parent's progress towards the court
Ei yoceiecbeamarana

* Provided support to the families by providing early intervention and referrals to commumity services as well as providing resources for family
counseling, mental health, food banks, and substance abuse programs in order for families to becom self sufficient.

Sexual Assault Response Coordinator
August 2010 to May 2011 Company Name - City, State

Ensured that victis of'sexual assault received appropriate and responsive care.

Tracked the services provided from the initial report through the final disposition.

Advocated to ensure the views of the victim were considered in the decision-mking process.

Provided commanders with broader understanding of sexual assault through annual sexual assault prevention and response training.

(Ovi reetkedBoceiligcobr aie ene nai cnon) | Kocay cccxellucceRem auc ecm WoceRseeilnnetlctm

Chaired the monthly case management meeting to improve reporting effectiveness.

© Provided tracking and reporting sexual assault nubers and dispositions ofall military sexual assault cases monthly, quarterly, and annually.

Adiministrative Assistant
PO cr rem AN OOP wa URGe ea rice Oh Ames CL Cy

© Performed administrative support including word processing, mail preparation, copying, distribution, telephone call, and travel orders for
chikd youth personnel.

Prepared a variety of correspondence, memorandums, and other reports ina timely manner required for day-to-day operation.

Assisted in the maintenance of leave records, and time and attendance records ona weekly basis.

Exctronically sent and retrieved messages and ensured risk management procedures (ie., abuse prevention, identification, and reporting
procedures; accident prevention) were followed.

© Demonstrated the ability to commumicate effectively, orally and in writing,
