ADMINISTRATOR
Executive Profile

Accomplished Executive with demonstrated ability to deliver company oversight, committed to cost-efléctive management of resources and quality
fucefelatialnees

Skill Highlights

Healthcare industry executive with over 20 years’ experience including 16 years managing full service home healthcare facilities including profit
and loss responsibility, clmical and operations management, quality improvement and control, personnel/employce relations, recruiting, customer
service and business development. Strong leadership skills and experience in:

Strategic Planning

Team Building & Leadership

Impkmenting Best Practices

Contract Negotiations

Human Resources

Performance and Productivity Improvements
Finance & Accounting/Profit and Loss Accountability
Budgeting and Pricing

Operational Management

Time and Organizational Management
Colhborative Problem-Solving

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Administrator 01/2005 to 01/2015

Develop and implement short and long term plans.

Establish clear objectives.

(er chiem ia oxo dels neccRt cues

Responsibilities include: Full P&L responsibility; Sales and market development; Financial status; Patient Care Delivery, Client Services;
Strategic planning and profitability and accountable for all operations and programs.

Successful business growth and development through marketing programs, consistently increasing agency census over the course of 9 years.
Expanded Private Duty market through successfil performance and productivity improverrent; contract negotiations and reimbursement
Pingu Scan mbar aD amect Oem Ora nualbkae tice eeomclice

Prepared and analyzed weekly/monthly reports, identifying payer issues, maximizing reimbursement and improving operational efficiencies.
Effectively established clear objectives and developed short and long term plans for business success.

Cultivated strong relationships with area hospitals, vendors/suppliers and payer sources.

Maintained high level of business standards through persistence and diligence; high ethics and Integrity.

Led State and Federal Regulatory surveys.

Improved and maintained efficiency in HR fictions, billing management and clinical operations through effective communication and
keadership abilities.

Company Name City , State Director of Healthcare Services 01/2004 to 01/2007

Responsible for staff providing daily patient care and related office activities conducted in accordance with applicable law and regulation.
Ensured effective and efficient delivery ofall clmical services in accordance with agency standards and values through: clinical management,
billing fictions and management; regultory compliance; staff supervision and training, docurentation and Quality Assurance managerent.
CMW Eliriectioeislivmueicanaelomi me nurueciciaueleniunedhe OUR ieee CRU Tab arunneaMr te lankerre nicl tm
demonstrating excellent decision-making skills, and teaching plans that utilize principles of teaching and karning.

Improved and maintained clnical management through persistence and diligence, holding staffaccountable and keadership skills.

Improved billing finction as related to clinical operations by efléctive implementation of Best Practices and operational management.
Maintained State and Federal regulatory compliance by way of staff supervision and training, docurrentation oversight, HR related ites and
eflective communication among all stakeholders.

Company Name City , State Clinical Director/Branch Manager 01/2002 to 01/2004

© Leadership position in ensuring effective and efficient agency operations through: clinical management; billing fimctions and managerrent;
reguhtory compliance; staff supervision‘training, documentation management; HR functions operational decisions; effective communication
among all stakeholders; and Medicare Conditions of Participation compliance.

Improved methods of communication among all staff to ensure responsive coordination of care activities occurred.

Maintained State and Federal regulatory compliance through: enforcing staff accountability, implementing processes and procedures
established through Best Practices and operational management, leadership abilities and attention to detail.

¢ Influenced team spirit and motivation by way of interpersonal communication skills to ensure consistent quality standards of care was
