AUDIT AND RECOVERY SPECIALIST
Summary

Proficient and highly skilled Customer support specialist with years of experience secking to use my extensive background in customer relations,
collections and sakes into an intermediate-level position with fiture advancement.

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Audit and Recovery Specialist 01/2016 to Current

Review, investigate, analyze, and resolve key issues at the provider and client level

Manage outstanding inventory as assigned by maintaining daily call volume and inventory tumover rate expectations.
Adhere to all escalation timeframes and re-status ventory according to department guidelines.

Interface and collaborate with various levels at the provider level to communicate outstanding inventory issues and attempt continuous
follow-up throughout the order to cash revenue cycle.

Utilize and contribute to refining department policy and procedures.

Identify and communicate process improverrents which result in operational efficiencies.

Ensure systematic data oriented efforts to improve consumer and/or client services.

Serve as resource and subject mutter expert to less experienced staff

Colhborate, coordinate, and communicate across disciplines and departments.

Ensure compliance with HIPAA regulations and requirements.

Demonstrate commitrent to the Company's core values.

The position responsibilities outlined above are in no way to be construed as all encompassing.

Other duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may be required and/or assigned as necessary.

Company Name City , State Healthcare Collections Specialist 06/2015 to 01/2016

© The handling of inbound and outbound calls from client custorrers.

Conduct account research and general analysis in order to assist customers.

Interacting with customers in order to resolve outstanding account balances and assist with payment plan set-ups.

be) Ween ORV IRaIC eG RAHI BechuEPeastacc nee b sine

Maintain accurate records and documentation within the customer's account.

Responsible for acting as a liaison between the customers and clients.

Maintain call control, including a high level of professionalism and ensuring quality assurance scores are at a proper level.
Providing exceptional customer service, in order to establish a one call resolution for customers.

Navigating Client Systems.

Other related duties as assigned.

Company Name City , State Student Advisor/Resolution Rep 12/2014 to 06/2015

© Resolution of student questions.

© Track escalated calls in database.

* Follow basic procedures and phone scripts.

© Use fimdamental knowledge to navigate customer information systems along with a basic knowledge of client services and products.
© Maintain work logs for specific account dispositions.

« Assist other staff'as necessary.

Company Name City , State Customer Service Representative 05/2014 to 07/2014

© Under direct supervision, responsible for conserving, maintaining, developing and increasing business volume through existing clients by
sheen

© Develop internal and external customer relationships by providing understandable, concise, and accurate policy information through written

and oral commumication.

Reply to customers using multiple systems, technologies, and the coordination of other fictions is required.

Ue PILE R nab Au ene oeee omc emcee toe tinite tee alee aOR ICncLcemancalt er iCinningicec aces

transactions focusing on customer satisfaction, quality, and efficiency.

Speaks with clients regarding service request or problems; documents, evaluates and resolves customer's inquiries.

evibo wie cram ieTionraceRielslenmcsciatty

Process incoming and outgoing mail, using automated workflow system.

Process complex and varied service requests.

Represent Transamrica Life and Protection with professional pride to internal and extemal customers.

[QUIS S He eel oenetRcoetaliN@ Lem ceUben ih ATHLei acm

Company Name City , State Customer Service Representative / Sales Agent 03/2013 to 05/2014

© Uses strong communication and listening skills to handle customer inquiries.

Makes specific offers to customers based on customer interest.

Offers suggested products and services quickly and efficiently.

Adeptly works between multiple applications containing customer and product information.
Answers inquiries by clarifying desired information; researching, locating, and providing informtion.
