PREVENTATIVE HEALTHCARE INTERN

Professional Summary

Driven and compassionate healthcare professional with experience in bothA residential and hospital environments. Accountable and responsible
AVON Rne eee rce ig erlb etm ual llL ccm

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science : Health Care Management Health Administration , 2016 University of Anbarm at Binningham - City , State , USA
Member of National Society of Collegiate Scholars

High Schoo! Diplo : Advanced Diploma , 2012 Nansemond River High School BETA Club- Health Organizations
Skill Highlights

© Knowledge of HMOs, Medicare and Medicaid

© HIPAA compliance

Panett Sees Pest can ee eelthe
ong Planning * Teamplyer with positive attitude

© Patient-focused care ar ne ang ie faeO
eo raya ead
ae eA Dod © Maintains strict confidentiality A
* Excellence Leadership

Professional Experience

Preventative Healthcare Intem

January 2016 to April2016 Company Name - City , State

¢ Assist the educators in all aspects of this program, in physical activity education and nutrition education, and in helping to prepare healthy
rae oom

Planning, coordinating, and implementing HealthSmart events for the next few months.

Review and make recommendations on the "Train the Trainer" manual for Community Health Advisor program

Evaluated patient care procedural changes for eflectiveness.

[Keer telcos tesla cure cwtreeneanzalceecm Rant niibei eta ecm

DicttecEnemreaticcn eee Heme o rere ee Lemera aa clce

Jumped in to fill gaps for on call rotation when necessary.

Established and maintained positive relationships with government regulators, residents, families, other area health care providers, physicians
BrveRer er tiismeaalgten

Revised policies and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal hws and regulations.

Contributed to and participated in community education projects to foster widespread understanding of the prevention and treatrrent of
illnesses such as heart disease, diabetes, etc.

© Observed strict confidentiality and safeguarded all patient-related information.

Undergraduate Researcher
January 2015 to April2015 Company Name - City , State

* Incharge of participants measurements Standing weight Body weight Waist and hip circumferences Skinfolds Blood pressure Arterial
Carotid Heart Rate Physical exams/ Fitness Tests.

© Administered, directed and coordinated the activities of the agency.

* Ensured the accuracy of public information and materiab.

© Jumped into fill gaps for on call rotation when necessary.

© Observed strict confidentiality and safeguarded all patient-related information.

Healthcare Management Intem
May 2014 to August 2014 Company Name - City, State

Assist Chief Nursing Executive with various projects.

Worked with nursing and medical staff to develop policies, procedures and practice standards for the nursing department.

Ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations related to nursing service and healthcare.

Monitored the nursing and operation of support departments to ensure that resident needs were met and facility was properly maintained.
Evaluated patient care procedural changes for eflectiveness.

Ko steccesicotairect brainer enemulinecleclimeemteereelntn ning

DicttecEnemreaticcn eee Heme o rere ee Lemera aa clce

Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge of applicable state and Federal laws and regulations.

Provided thorough supervision for day-to-day operations of facility in accordance with set policies and guidelines.

Established and maintained positive relationships with government regulators, residents, families, other area health care providers, physicians
BrveRer er tiismeaalgten

n
PXcGreoeslPiloeraben
