NATIONAL ADMINISTRATOR, POPULATION HEALTH AND ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, VISIT CLINICAL PRACTICE

brairestbeny

Maters Certificate in Lean Six Sigma, Healthcare 2015 Villanova University City , State

MPH Masters of Public Health, Health Care Administration 2012 West Chester University City , State

MLD. : Medicine 2001 Saint Petersburg State Medical Academy City , Russia

Executive Profile

Healthcare executive with 16+ years of progressive experience in acute and post-acute care settings. Experienced in clinical operations, process
improvement, quality, population health management, clinical integration, business development and marketing strategy in for-profit, and nonprofit
health systems. Exceptionally strong mA design and development of value based solutions and collaborative approaches in health care delivery with
physicians, health systems, and related organizations.

Professional Experience

National Administrator, Population Health and Associate Director, Visit Clinical Practice 03/2014 to Current

Company Name City , State

POONA RAO ANSEL MRA CAO BRY ML OP Re CL UR Bx Ae) OOM PRS AD

Responsible for design and implementation of population health initiatives in 100 service offices nationwide. A PromotcA. cross-continuum collaboration with physician practices,
major health systems, payors, accountable care and community ongmizations. Report to Division Director, Visit Clinical Practice.

¢ Designed and implemented HF initiative in 100 offices, which Ied to 16.9% decrease in rehospitalizations, 6%- 16.9% improverrents in
STAR outcomes, 21% decrease in utilization of services and 5.2% increase in admits per day, resulting in $13,085,546 in additional
revenue in 14 months.

© Successfilly implemented career pathing programs to develop specialized care teams across practice, resulting in the development of 461

cardiac keads, and 3000 trained health professionals nationally.

Developed COPD program which received approval and recognition by National COPD Foundation.

Designed and implemented Comprehensive Joint Replacement (CJR) program to improve the quality of care.

Developed bundled program protocols for CABG, AMI, and Heart Failure for effective care delivery.

Fostered over fifteen provider/payor relationships by developing operationalclinical processes to integrate care across the continuum

Conducted a practice-wide gap analysis with patient experience committee to identify key probkem areas and develop effective strategies

for improvernent.

¢ Colkborated with policy teamand overhauled clinical docurrentation to promote patient-centered goals, reducing documentation time by 30
pre

© Led gap analysis for QAPI team to identify processes necessary to ensure patient safety.

© Led the design of Palliative Care educationaYoperational program in collaboration with specialty practices.

© Performance merited two promotions in three years.

Resident, Executive Administration 02/2013 to 02/2014
Company Name City , State

A 231-bed hospital, part of Main Line Health, a not-for-profit health system serving portions of Philadelphia and its suburbs

Participated in a variety of projects which included process improverrent initiatives, service line initiatives, patient-centered care, process flow
impact, and strategic planning. Reported to Vice President, Patient Care Services.

¢ Facilitated strategic, financial, and operational planning and opening of OBS unit in collaboration with senior leadership.

© Analyzed key elerents to implement Patient Centered Medical Home (PCMH) and enhance access and continuity, identify and manage
patient populations, provide culturally and linguistically appropriate care, track and coordinate care, measure and improve performance in
cancer center.

© Developed strategies for improving patient flow, reconfiguring work layout, reorganizing staff responsibilities, and reducing patient wait time
in cancer center.

© Devised measurement standards to guide performance improvement in OBS unit.

© Developed evidence-based strategies to improve HCAHPS patient satisfaction score.

© Conducted leader rounding with clinical staff to promote efficiency, and build relationships in supplier-customer chain.

Healthcare Consultant 08/2012 to 12/2012
Oo ANE LO MESO CRL Lene NULL ORAM ECCI NEILL CREEL RAO LRSM CID OY cme Re Re

As part of MPH graduate thesis.

© Evaluated organizational sustainability and management processes, communicated results to the key stakeholders and provided
recommendations to senior keadership.

¢ Developed strategies to increase utilization of expertise and services; improve access to priority populations; reduce service redundancy,
PreBaClicl eB rrarr eat eRuce Tie

Director, Department of General Medicine & Consultative Services; General Physician 11/2005 to 06/2012

Company Name City , State

A 280-bed hospital with 30,000 OPD patients annually

ae

Clmical and quality operations management of the department and 70 FTE clinicians; managed day to day operations of the department and
