HEALTHCARE CONSULTANT
Summary

Certified Spinning Instructor and personal trainer with the energy, skills and training necessary to keep clients motivated and moving toward their
fitness goals.

Saree
CEG irom yemmuca itunes : ie aid
© ACEcertified Personal Trainer © Persomble Pe friendly
¢ CPRand Fist Aid certified * Dedicated
Se aA COE MC CE SLO ea sca ae Responsible

Accomplishments

Success at buikding participants from struggling, low participant classes. Most recently built a class that averages 30 participants froma css that
started out with around 6 within six months.

schivor anes
Healthcare Consultant
October 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Network development for a new Medicare Advantage I-SNP in the northeast.
© Identify and contract with providers to establish a network that meets CMS time/distance standards.
¢ Subject mtter expert for a study on Medicare Advantage best practices for provider engagement.

Oe Biisut aes
September 2012 Company Name i City , State

Provide a high-energy, safe indoor cycle experience for participants.

Reine clerebe cig clube ectiice

Prepare new routines and new music weekly to ensure participants don't get bored or uninspired.

Incorporate various types of formats into my classes (Tabata - HIIT, interval and resistance training, speed work).

Yr cm @ les creiianenaVnlicios
September 2012 to October 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

* Responsible for establishing, maintaining and overseeing various MSO and engaged provider relationships Oversaw and directed MSO
partner activities and internal implementations in order to ensure a successful launch ofa gated, referra-based provider network in the
PAVERS Cam

Initiated and provided ongoing support and financial performance data for various strategic relationships, including MSOs, PCP practice
acquisitions, direct provider engagement agreements and other clinic developments.

Eee imate ckcrl atria Icom He unom lnm Rasbel sel eb TLemaluseas hecea vcmuce ecw nme omen nee elit

improvenent in clmical, quality, coding and financial performance.

Successfillly facilitated and implemented various initiatives with provider groups around HEDIS, STARS, etc.

Served as the contact for provider risk group questions regarding financial settlement, delegation, claims adjudication and fimding,

Managed and directed staffof4 Provider Network Consultants.

Lead and directed the committee responsible for improving employee engagement within the Southeast Region.

Regional Director
September 2010 to April 2012 Company Name 14 City , State

® Network Services - Southeastem Region Responsible for managing and directing all contracting and provider relations activities within the
Southeast Identified and executed strategies for network development and improvement.

Managed and directed a regional contracting and provider relations staff

Provided in-depth knowledge of Southeastem region and participated in strategic planning.

Managed and oversaw complex contract negotiations.

UC cet Prom ce OMe acerralncaaconibrlcamseem eae) Ets yee

Maintained positive relationships with providers and facilitated prompt resolutions to contractual issues.

Manager, Managed Care
REPAIR OR mA eRe lian ci cele NEST

¢ Responsible for the negotiation and maintenance of major managed care contracts, as well as managing WellStar’s credentialing departent.
© Negotiated favorable contract language and rates to meet business targets and objectives for Georgia's largest integrated healthcare system,
