ADMIN OPERATING ROOM ADMINISTRATIVE COORDINATOR

Career Overview

Selfmotivated individual with over 10 years’ experience in prioritizing and compketing tasks ina timely manner, yet flexible to multitask when
necessary. Customer focused with diverse industry experience including insurance, non-profit and retail

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel), PeopleSoft, ADP Payroll

[Ov cew coon screen)

Peed

¢ Demonstrated proficiency in telephone, e-mnil, fax and front-desk reception within high volume environment.

Professional Experience
OIA RRO Tsvone
Admin Operating Room Administrative Coordinator Company Name 14 City , State

No bosQ mtn Sristisiiminebrilimeeariiucs monkineksreu es] cee gerierco bce ee ome nih ee

(Xo eel) ebucarutca MEP anocky al keseanialcene tne bse) em

Abk to make decisions independently and quickly with minimal escalations.

Successfill adjusting to stressful conditions.

Consistently maintains a courteous, helpful, and professional manner with all interactions with all customers.

Train new hires ensuring ability to efficiently perform assigned tasks without supervision.

Multi-task effectively from scheduling surgical cases to the Dynamic Schedule and ordering specimens.

Maintain high levels ofall departmental policies and procedures Joint Commission: Accreditation Health Care and Certification (J.C.A.H.O)
and the Health Insurance Portability.

09/2015 to 05/2016
Mental Health Counselor - Intem Company Name 14 City , State

Managed 10-15 clients with diverse ethnics, religious, and socioeconomic groups of peopk; and assisted clients with living and working in
their community.

PCOS ci ku er ORCA LC RT CCIM ecco lice clit Lem OrAc negli HMACC Rem ITI CUi a henson ncn aie aig
irceeiana

Taught and educated clients on social skill buiding, how to manage stress and anxiety, independence, and empowers clients to use
BOOB en nencclUbceeelana

¢ Acted as client advocate and coordinated required services and resolve crises.

VESEY nee pene t ONO Me ale Ler ear cece ECR Crs Na rice

01/2013 to 05/2013
Healthcare Worker Assistant - Intem Company Name 1% City , State

COUN ne lc mnnic Roane cecum elma cesreaes

© Counseled individuals in personal, academic, financial and career concerns.

¢ Responsibk for providing direct care services to families elighle for Emergency Assistance and supported themas they worked towards a
goal of self-sufficiency.

© Made appropriate referrals for on-going services (DCF, DPH for Families, DMH, DTA, etc.) Actively participated and engaged families in
Activities of Daily Living (ADL).

05/2010 to 04/2015
Operating Room Surgical Scheduler Company Name 1 City , State

Ce avo sicncnedtnemiiaeapilen a lermuly ssi caticm

¢ Ensured timely and accurate distribution of daily surgery scheduks.

© Scheduk patients’ surgical appointments and maintain up-to-date confidential of patient files.
© Trained and mentored new employees.

¢ Maintained high levels ofall departmental policies and procedures, J.C.A.H.O.

© and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (H.LP.A.A.).

07/2002 to 07/2010
Dietary Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Maintained established standards of sanitation, safety and food preparation.

Supervised a staffof7 assigned duties and adherence to company policies, procedures and guidelines.
Ensured temperature goals are met prior to steam table transfer and maintained throughout meal service.
Followed infection contro! guideles for sanitizing equipment and cleaning the preparation room
Ensured equipment and work area are sanitized and maintained.

feitiincen
