Rachael Lobdell
Summary

. Compassionate Senior Outreach Advocate with 13 + years of experience working in public and private agencies to upgrade health and dignity
within vulnerable populations. Creativeand adaptable leader dedicated to doing whatever necessary to meet client needs, including customizing
established programs. Selfmotivated and deeply engaged with client and supporter communities.

Skills
© Confidential data protection Pe ET eee
oO
eel na . © Telephone etiquette
* Scheduling clients for evaluations for Managed Long Term Care ay es arr
© Intake and Submission of Medicaid applications for clients x se Serer
© Intake and submission of Poo! Trust for Long Term Care clients , Aiarsdeseneihd
© Excellent Communication skills ° Team pabeaner
: Pineeines td ee a ¢ Recordkeeping and data input
x pervs necks ad © Program understanding and advisement
© 20 years experience working with Seniors and Disabled and advocating for there needs , ae ia
CEES one iar alent a ee ere
© Reliable and trustworthy
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Healthcare Senior Outreach Specialist 04/2014 to Current

Traveled throughout service area to educate community, met with people interested in receiving services and represented agency before
alee mo ey ec oreo iste ate coe

Counseled prospective applicants on admissions process and opportunities by expkining documentation and timeframes.
Promoted integration of services for clients, including behavioral health care and Jong term services to enhance continuity of care.
FCO CeO SED A EU Lem Le Denieece lacie cel eel ie CNORTEe RCA IE CICe

Exphined eligibility details and affordability options to patients with kindness and respect.

Analyzed information from interviews, educational, and medical records, consultation with other professionals, and diagnostic evaluations to
assess clients’ abilities, needs, and eligbility for services.

Conversed with people from different cultures daily, providing high level of respect and patience with each interaction.
Processed benefits applications, including documents for food stamps and medical assistance.

Conducted interviews with applicants, exphining benefits process and which programs were availabk.

Collected necessary data to complete and submit Medicaid applications and Pool Trust.

Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.

Analyzed accuracy and completeness of patient documents such as insurance chims, medical bills and legal paperwork.

Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights.

Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to all types of patient questions and concerns.

Gathered and analyzed patient information to determine special program elighility.

Demonstrated leadership by nking improverrents to work processes and helping to train others.

Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.

Kept team on track by assigning and supervising their activities and giving constructive feedback.

Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.

Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.

Organized games and other activities to engage clients and offer mental stimulation.

Company Name City , State Administrator 08/2008 to 04/2014

Developed and implemented policies and procedures for Licensed Home care Agency

PAAre metal a@lati)

Hired Employees

Met with Physicians and State workers on a Quarterly basis For QA meetings.

Organized activities to reward employees and motivate performance improvements.

Facilitated communication between departments, management and customers to resolve issues and achieve performance targets.
Handkd all billing and payroll for clients and employees

Scheduled Home Health Aides to Patients

Established successful program by creating master schedules and overseeing staff professional developrrent.
Grew revenue by developing key programs focused on promoting business.

Medicaid billing

Medicaid Exemption code Experience

Meeting with clients and families to Identify their needs and goals.

Assisted with development of regulatory compliance systems.

Planned, coordinated and controlled daily operations of sales, financial managerrent and human resources.
Maintained work safety and followed established operating procedures and practices.
