SURGICAL CLINICAL REVIEWER
Summary

© Aselfmotivated and organized professional with over 20 years’ experience providing thorough and skillfl support.

© More than 10 years' management experience in organizational leadership and relationship building with clients and team members.
Adninistrative experience in diverse business settings. Extensive international experience, with a deep understanding of diverse cultural and
business practices, professional intemational liaison.

© Excellent writing skills, and the ability to find innovative solutions. A patient listener who fully focuses on speakers and understands a variety

tilecan ce

A flexible professional who enjoys leaming new skills and quickly adapts to organizational changes.

An energetic team leader, able to commumicate effectively with people ofall ages and backgrounds, to work collaboratively to resolve

problens, and to motivate team members to achieve persomal and organizational objectives. Self-starter with strong communication skills;

work well independently or ona team

© Skilled clinical researcher and administrator; hold a BS Degree in Health Information Management and currently enrolled inan MBA

Degree.

Highlights

Mamagerent skills: administered, coordinated, delegated, evaluated, prioritized, performed troubk shooting, HR duties, Manage PTO, payroll,
interview, hire and train new personnel, team goals Research skills: collected, extracted, organized, interpreted, summarized, audited
Communication skils: corresponded, professional telephone etiquette, excellent customer service, Bilingual interpreted translated English/Spanish
Detail skills: catalogues, multi-tasked, set goals, skilled typist, working knowledge of computer soft wares Creative skills: customized, integrated,
established, marketing Clerical skills: compiled, monitored, generated, implemented

schivor anes

01/2011 to 01/2014

Surgical Clinical Reviewer Company Name Collected and submitted reliable data to the ACS NSQIP for surgical patients, provided morbidity
and mortality postop reporting, generated lists of cases to be abstracted, and completed abstraction of applicable cases by entering data into the
appropriate database (NSQIP). Participated in inter-rater reliability reviews to ensure accuracy of abstraction, validation and audits, followed up
on appeals as necessary, and participate in conference calls and webinars.

01/2008 to 01/2010

So cB ay oar Om ur cee Obese ee aleML brn PASS PAS ovehcc@relenee ans cake elem (sone Ne IKausbd
audit), Reporting, Medical Record Abstraction, Quality Improvement, and data analysis, provided feedback reporting to HEDIS, NCQA and
(lem eniceth ep igullalen aiuto ee

01/2004 to 01/2008

Healthcare Business Consultant Company Name Provided quality assurance reviews specializing in outpatient centers along with business
development strategies. Reviewed charts to ensure correct coding for the services billed. Conducted mock surveys of facilities, and kept up to
date with policies and procedures. Developed training schedules and job descriptions for staffand conducted performance evaluations. Handled
payroll, billing issues, and physician contract credentialing. Hired and terminated staffas necessary. Provided findings to both Medicare and
facilities for reconciliation, as well as, resolved chim issues with physician offices to collect outstanding monies.

01/2002 to 01/2004

Health Information Manager Company Name Oversaw all Health Information Management work flow in department, including performance of
employees, training, and orientation of new staff, in-service of current employees, payroll submission, and medical record completion per JCAHO
guide. Participated in JCAHO, HEDIS, ACHA and Tumor Registry reviews committee. Responsibke for Utilization and Records Committees,
Medical Records Abstract, in house clinical pertinence, closed chart review, 3M Encoder knowledge, and managed staffing levels in accordance
to departmental needs.

brairestbeny

2015

Paralegal Blickstone Institute Blackstone Institute - Paralegal course currently enrolled 2015, expected completion Jume 2015

2015

MBA : Public Northcentral University Northcentral University - MBA Public currently enrolled 2014 - 2015

Certificate of Completion : Surgical Clinical Reviewer ACS NSQIP Certificate of Completion Surgical Clinical Reviewer October 2012

BS : Health Informmtion Managerent Florida Intemational University Florida Intemational University - BS Health Information Management - Dee
7

AA : Psychology Miami Dade Community College Miami Dade Commumity College - AA Psychology - May 1999

Certifications

ACS NSQIP Certificate of Completion Surgical Clinical Reviewer

Bate

customer service, Bilngual interpreted translated English/Spanish

I Urewannibe ts

Collected and submitted reliable data to the ACS NSQIP for surgical patients, provided morbidity and mortality postop reporting, generated lists
of cases to be abstracted, and completed abstraction of applicable cases by entering data into the appropriate database (NSQIP). Participated in
inter-rater reliability reviews to ensure accuracy of abstraction, validation and audits, followed up on appeals as necessary, and participate in
conference calls and webinars

Skills

Payroll, Training, Hedis, Audits, Cases, Database, Billng, Business Consultant, Business Development, Coding, Healthcare, Medicare, Outpatient,
Quality Assurance, Reconciliation, Audit, Data Analysis, Marketing Analysis, Encoder, Medical Records, Staffing, Work Flow, Mba, Clerical,
