HEALTHCARE ASSOCIATE

Summary

Energetic, resourcefil, and results-driven professional Skilled at working effectively both independently and collaboratively as part ofa team
within fast-paced environments to complete projects and responsibilities while adhering to deadlines and quality standards.

Skills

EPIC, Microsoft Office Suite (Word/Excel/PowerPoint), Healthcare Systems, Insurance/Billing, Sorian Scheduling, Health/Medical Records,
Research, Reports, Databases, Data Analysis, and PCs/Windows Applications

schivor anes

Zona wala itaand

Company Name City , State Healthcare Associate

* Maintain full responsibility for demonstrating initiative, strong leadership and communication skills, and medical and healthcare knowledge to
support efficient and productive day-to-day operations.

© Directly accountable for a diversity of patient/uit support activities including scheduling and discharge, coordinating admission packages,
PCI uea eS MO LELE Mees) CORN AMO Ge eo RMON LEL Ines CIO RMI eR ee bcTeNeg LLC NMI eee ttCm

© Monitor and improve individual performance in all areas to ensure adherence to the highest levels of customer/patient service, productivity,
efficiency, leadership, teamwork, and work quality at all tines.

pepe nen

Excellent capacity to meet deadlines, build rapport with individuals from diverse backgrounds, and to support practice objectives by

AACE MRS eee Reelaa nize havec(omantctovneurilt # ice

¢ Responsible for maintaining professional and courteous communications, demeanor, and interactions with patients and medical staff whik
continuously secking ways to provide value-added service and support.

* Maintain fis, documents, databases, and records to provide highly reliable information quickly and use well-developed interpersonal skills
to respond effectively to both intemal and external requests/inquires.

© Commumicate clearly and effectively, use strong coordimtion and prioritization skills to complete work, and exercise independent judgment

and decision making abilities to help facilitate smooth operations.

Strong organizational, time management, and multitasking skills with ability to prioritize work.

DOC AU ltr deeb icine erie ech OR en eo onan ita a CMeem en eevenl Eau cReeriaialueiene

Accept new assignments and responsibilities with a positive, cooperative, and team-oriented attitude.

Complete all tasks and projects in the most efficient manner possibk and exercise independent decision making.

Recognized by management for anticipating problems, presenting effective solutions/recommendations, team collaboration and eadership,

exceeding work expectations, and consistently delivering outstanding results.

Education and Training

American InterContinental University

City , State Healthcare Management BBA Healthcare Management Training: Healthcare Finance, Risk Managerrent, Information Systens,
Wolo Umm Ol ecm Mella alan

Qualifications

Communication skill, interpersonal skills, A Data Analysis, Databases, Decision-Making, Information Systems, Insurance Verification ,
mmintaining inventory, Leadership, Regulatory Compliance, multitasking, organization, Patient Care Support, Project Management, Quality,
Research, Risk Management, Scheduling, Sound Strategic Planning, Teanmvork, Time management.
