MEDICAL SUPPORT ASSISTANT

bevel fecs oil bs}

Detail-oriented and disciplined team player seeking a new rok ina Supervisor position. Has 15+ years of experience in Military Healthcare to
inchide 8+ years in Management. Result-oriented personnel with specialized training and significant hands-on practical experience ina hospital
setting, Proven ability to manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously, proactively resolve issues, and excel in fast-paced high-pressure settings.
Key Qualifications Secret Security Clearance Clinical Management Leadership Communication Skills Operations Personnel Supervision Training
Team Buikiing Networking Accountability Data Reporting Tracking/Analysis Critical Thinking Patient/Physician Relations Budgeting Record
Maintenance Data Administration Time Managenent Risk Management

Education and Training

September 2016

Bachelor of Science : Health Care Administration Kaplan University Health Care Administration

May 2015

Associate of Science : Health Science Kaplan University Health Science

Oro Cl

Emergency Medical Technician - Basic National Registry of Emergency Medical Technician

reer pomcr anes

07/2015 to Current

Medical Support Assistant Company Nan 1 City , State

In charge of processing inpatient and outpatient specialty consults and referrals through Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS);

PL eA huccceel nee diem sprees een onl geen) Pinmcercd Mica core aoe Pewee niiney
Manager.

UNIS one ee hme gedaan Renee onicnn ones cas Ra ruse wreminlch cocaine cna e mR ialaied
sO) eat os

Works chsely with Non-VA Care Coordinator Nurse and Veteran Aflairs staff to ensure the fast and accurate coordination of care
between the facilities of VA Medical Center and Non-VA Care providers.

¢ Responsibk for assisting patients, providers, and Nor-VA facilities with referrals and setting up appointrents.

Generates authorizations for Veteran services ensuring proper ICD-10, CPT, and DRG codes are being use as well as allocating
appropriate finds for services Works with CBO and Health Administration Services to perform monthly audits on authorizations to ensure
ee edd cmc Mn nes mncnce nema nance m

PoheoM corona ue eres Lo ee eRLM ect Ore coda Ks NUcln Onno sucH ye uera Renmin eetn a
medical documentation into Healthnet.

¢ Communicates with Veterans, family members, providers, and Non-VA facilities ina professional, courteous, tactfiul and helpful manner.
Researches and follow-up on comphints or inquiries from providers, Non-VA facilities, and Veterans; Assists with the coordination to
resolve any issue.

11/2005 to 062015
Healthcare Clinical Manager Company Name i City , State

¢ Supervised over 40 personnel in a medical clinic and was dependable for their training, safety, welfare, and professional developrent;
Coed eneo nae nucanemuoee bam stilacgyieyuciice

Developed new standard operating procedures for the medical clinic and ensured all personnel were trained and qualified on all procedures,
resulting in excellent care of patients.

Deployed a new way of tracking and ordering medications and medical supplies, improving the effectiveness of the medical supply
Cloeicnet

¢ Monitored, managed, and controlled the budget for the ordering and restocking of medical supplies.

Assisted with technical and administrative management of medical treatment facilities under the supervision of'a Physician and/or Physician's
POSH uccs ce vag ence ea eae ompencmercied dem iisipecctinebwannts ge elenorii emo lonrsoe
Coordinated the day-to-day operations of medical clinic with higher echelons of Medical Treatment Facilities; demonstrated support for
clinic, divisional and medical center policies.

Coordinated communication between patient and internal and extemal providers; addressed patients and clinicians concems, documented
patients’ encounters regarding clinical issues on appropriate fons, and provided clinical and administrative information to physicians when
pracetcs|

Enforce strict maintenance and accountability of 10 Fiekd Litter Ambulances and six Medical Sets worth over $700,000.

08/2002 to 11/2005
HealthCare Specialist Team Leader Company Nam 1% City ,, State

¢ Directed services, taught and trained medical technicians, and performed as a Team Leader for 6 personnel.

Worked with foreign nationals to develop and maintain a fied medical clinic in rural areas to provide medical assistance for those unable to

obtain care.

Maintained accountability and serviceability for organizational equipment including six evacuation vehicks, communication equipment.

© Provided Emergency medical treatment, limited primary care, force health protection and evacuation in a variety of operational and clinical
Cot oP OT OEE NUN Re mie cen nee ace einlieta@ res inestiem

FXeooii el senpanicy
