DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST

Summary

Tma creative retail-marketing professional with 10 years of experience managing ormichannel marketing campaigns. My specialties include digital
marketing and media, direct marketing with a strong emphasis on direct mail, CRM and database testing, customer segmentation, event
promotions, credit, loyalty and project management. I have the innate ability to effectively and efficiently execute complex marketing campaigns ina
Pet r\eet Ronco enayleusnaieainecy

Highlights
schivor anes

Company Name May 2013 to January 2015 Digital Marketing Specialist
lena El CG

Responsible for the discovery and development of marketing strategies for both desktop and mobik to drive traffic and sales while meeting

ROI goab.

Assisted in the development, launch and managerrent of'a customer acquisition and CRM retargeting program created to attribute in-store

purchases to online behavior.

Assist in the planning, execution and analysis of display advertising through various online media networks to support marketing campaigns.

© Optimize SEO and SEM campaigns utilizing reporting tools such as Google Adwords to review keyword performance and retum on ad
spend in support of merchandising focus and promotional cadence.

© Support new store openings and brand marketing events through geo-targeted digital media and marketing campaigns.

© Manage partnerships with affiliates in order to promote CRM offers and storewide promotions to increase traffic and sales both in-store and
online

© Leverage data to match customer's across devices and to identify new to file.

¢ Managed all digital media relationships such as YouTube, Hulu and Pandora.

Assisted in the planning, lunch and managerment of'a brand sponsored Pandora station wwww.pandora.convexpressrocks.

Company Name Current to January 2015 Account Director Account Director
lena El CG

* fora large insurance and financial client.

Manage a team of 4 account executives in the execution of onnichannel marketing campaigns.

Allocate agency support and resources to ensure client assignments and day-to-day responsibilities are executed above and beyond
expectations.

Develop strategies and tactics to achieve client objectives within budget and on time.

Manage vendors in the production and planning of onnichannel marketing campaigns including direct mail, email, web development and
digital marketing,

Assist in identifying and developing new projects and business opportunities for both our current client and future clients.

© Analyze data to apply results to fiture campaigns in an effort to execute more effective and efficient direct marketing campaigns.

Company Name May 2010 to May 2013 CRM Specialist
lena El CG

© Planned, executed and analyzed over 50 direct mail and in-store CRM campaigns that totaled approximtely 150 milion pieces circulated

Be

Specialized in database testing, customer segmentation, modeling and prospecting for direct mail campaigns executed both domestically and
in Puerto Rico and Canada.

Provided marketing support for partnerships with such programs as America's Next Top Model, SXSW, Coachella and Fashion Star,

WW hleyuccRaiceleenanclseourtiliaisccrenicemeo om keine licen bets cs Vall Lm

© Manage gift card budget ofover $1 millon for card production, promotional programs and maintain B2B partnerships.

¢ Assisted in the development and launch of the new Express loyalty program NEXT.

Assisted in customer acquisition and brand awareness to support store grand openings both domestically and internationally.

Company Name October 2007 to May 2010 Marketing Coordinator
lena El CG

Assisted in the coordination and launch of our redesigned web sites; asfimiture.comand vefcom.

© Managed partnership with Columbus Crew to help in branding efforts.

© Assisted in new product launches and rebranding campaigns.

Cem Geralrameeyie cal teeta cB em oN B ELIA Ce

© Maintained cross-fimetional partnerships with merchandising and merchandise planning to help support marketing campaigns.
* Proofed all advertisements for pricing, copy and product accuracy.

Company Name Septerrber 2005 to October 2007 Senior Healthcare Sales Recruiter
lena El CG

¢ Responsible for increasing sales through existing and new clients.
