HEALTHCARE EFFECTIVENESS DATA AND INFORMATION SET COORDINATOR (HEDIS)
Career Focus

Committed and motivated Administrative Assistant with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. Strong work ethic, professional
demeanor and great initiative.

Energetic, results-oriented team-phyer eager to bring strong administrative skills to. a growing company in need of top-level support.

Responsible Office Manager versed in mediating employee conflict and running efficient daily business operations.

Effective Organization and Communication Skills / Master New Concepts Quickly / Initiate Document Control and Processing Information / High
Level Customer Service and Detail Oriented / Report Composing and Document Presentation / Thorough Investigation and Monitoring / Patrol
and Crowd Control Access

Core Qualifications
* Microsoft Office Suite expert * Deadline-oriented
© People-oriented © Schedule management
© Organized Cie Nooo veces yc
© Exceptional communicator © Medical terminology
schivor anes

Slip oioniorece PARED erie cere ciicom sD MENSA RE OLOr cna Ger eciiveh ite Ol NMENI AIC

¢ Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set Coordinator (HEDIS). Educate and inform members about past due clinical services that
improve member health outcomes and increase Health Plan HEDIS rates. Make outbound calls to members; providing assistance with
obtaining services by assisting with appointment scheduling, arranging transportation, and conducting reminder calls and/or emmils. Conduct
HEDIS provider chart request calls and faxes to support medical record capture for HEDIS supplemental data review and abstraction.
Record and document all member and provider outreach activity using Microsoft Office Suite applications and web-based technology.
Review member Health Plan elighility using Georgia's Medical Managerrent Information System (MMIS). Review member chins data to
determine need for services using the Health Plan proprietary information system Identify and refer members to intemal programs and
services like Case Management and Disease Management. Maintain strict confidentially and ensure compliance with Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability ACT (HIPAA) during all outreach activities.

© Managed incoming and outgoing calls for busy medical office.

© Successfillly established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.

© Scheduled and confirmed appointments for entire management team

Loss PreventionSecurity Officer 12/2011 to 02/2013 Company Name City , State

Partnered with local store management to meet strategic Joss prevention objectives.

Executed internal and external surveillances using state-of-the-art detection and investigation systems.

Prepared data for property and damage reports, recording malfunctioning of facility equipment, and attended weekly staff meetings to
Colca icon vereclins nema see

Detected and apprehend shoplifters, processing and recovering of merchandise, prepared case reports on theft details and maintained an
effective relationship with local law enforcement agencies.

Represented Macy's in court proceeding related to apprehensions and ensured high execution of company security measures designed to
oO ESCO CSTE Na

Developed staff training for designated stores.

Security Officer 07/2010 to 10/2011 Company Nan City , State

Patrolked designated areas watching for unusual conditions that create security concems or safety hazards.

© Monitored and authorized entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other persons to guard against theft and maintain premise
eat

Investigated, prepared reports, and maintained written logs on accidents, incidents, and suspicious activities.

Answered telephone calls, taking messages, and answered questions providing information during business and non-business hours.
Observed departing personnel to protect against theft of company property and ensured authorized removal of property was conducted
within appropriate client requirements.

Account Receivables/Administrative Assistant 07/2007 to 10/2008 Company Name City , State

* Investigated discrepancies, issued debit memos, reviewed aging balance reports to identify past due accounts, collection calls, and month-
oneme ren tatnitccn
