HEALTHCARE RECRUITER

Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel PowerPoint, Outlook, Access); Google Documents; WinTeam
schivor anes

Healthcare Recruiter , 08/2015 i 03/2016 Company Name i City , State

© Created announcements for open job positions; posted announcerrents online on company website and major job posting websites such as
CareerBuikder, Monster, and Indeed to attract interested candidates.

Addressed questions from public, employees, and outside agencies regarding current employment opportunities and application status.
Interviewed prospective candidates to assess qualifications and capabilities; guided candidates through application process, scored written
exams, and notified candidates of results.

* Draffed employment contracts and prepared onboarding and orientation documentation for new hires.

© Maintained up-to-date HR files by identifying and purging obsolete record sand transferring records to storage.

HR Administrator , 01/2014 1% 01/2015
03/2010 it4 07/2015 Company Name iA City , State
Pena ee CaS TARA TZN)

« Assisted District Manager to administer personnel, workers’ compensation, general liability, training, and recruitment programs.

© Researched, planned, and implemented training programs to develop existing staff competencies and facilitate new hire orientation and
onboarding,

© Coordinated group interviews to help organization select qualified candidates for open positions; worked with staffing agencies to place

temporary workers in administrative positions throughout company.

Helped applicants fill out paperwork, including tax forms, benefits forms, and associated new hire documentation.

Analyzed existing HR Departirent operations and provided recommendations to improve workflows, optimize candidate selection, and

improve HR training schedules.

Promoted to perform diverse Human Resource Generalist finctions which contributed to the smooth and profitable operation of the Virginia

and DC territories - overseeing 400 Security Guards.

Reported directly to the District Manager providing support for a high volume of confidential client and employee information.

Oversaw several necessary processes including Data Management, Job Application and Payroll utilizing the accounting software, Win

wot

Performed pre-audits of personnel files to ensure compliance before intemal, state and federal auditor examinations.

Performed routine administrative tasks including scheduling, phone correspondence, office inventory, compensation, job posting, reporting,

and invoicing,

© Was lead staffer in the hiring process conducting background checks, reference checks and drug screening - interfacing closely with the

Security Officer Management Branch (SOMB) and the DC departrrent for results and testing fimctionality.

Played a key role in the complex recruiting project of staffing over 150 Security Guards for the Virginia and D.C.

Wal-Mart's Bick Friday events.

Process consisted of full life-cycle recruitment (interviewing, hiring, drug tests and background checks) and on-boarding (implementing

training video and processing paperwork/updating systerms).

Selected by Senior Managemnnt to oversee the two-day U.S.

Security Associates Training Academy.

Prepared the facility by ensuring all technology and Audio Visual (AV) was fictional

Managed the facility's supplies, ordering, payments and distribution.

Draffed PowerPoint presentations and fliers - acting as the Communication Liaison to employees on behalf of corporate.

Participated in various Job Fairs held at colleges throughout the territory.

Utilized templates to design materials for applicants which exemplify the comporate message and provide information on job fimetions,

uniform codes, and 401K and benefit packages.

Developed and served as the sole Author, Designer and Creator of the monthly corporate newsketter.

Produced a Floater List for the territory to make it easier and more cost effective for the Schedulers to place substitute Guards during an

emergency, no-show or call-out.

© Conducted research and analyzed new trends and kegislation of employment, kegal issues/concems for professional development, learning
models and training prograns.

© Considered the "bridge" between vendors, candidates, employees, and management.

Education

December 2016 DEVRY UNIVERSITY i City , State Master Human Resource Management Humn Resource Management

May 2012 NEW JERSEY CITY UNIVERSITY 14 City , State Bachelor of Science Criminal Justice Criminal Justice

Sail

Pees nrtneece)(MchmMle LoL Lemna Lc Omani ECwe dam BaICM Uh a Lotro ae OMe lcberserle ni @allem\ycialzety st ae Otte
fimctional, hiring, Hun Resource, HR, inventory, invoicing, legal, materials, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, office, Outlook, PowerPoint,
PowerPoint presentations, Win, Word, newsletter, Payroll, personnel, processes, recruiting, recruitment, reporting, research, scheduling, staffing,
tax, phone, training programs, video, website, websites, Author, written
