LICENSED HEALTHCARE COMMUNICATOR

Si

To obtain a stable and growth-oriented es CR eRe ov gtrek Sere eal eS aL SNS ea ret seer ete eehatgatecan este
SU cepts

eae anecd

WO CEC et vor

Licensed Healthcare Communicator Company Name i% City , State

a So Senet cr ERT g projects via inbound/outbound telecommunication which bine bloc

© Providing drug product information.

Se Ul anekonc late Bence complaints as outlined by client guidelines,

* Provide patient education on prescribed treatment Teginen,

* Provide patient support to patients enrolled in Patient RD nee gurl ite

SCS SSMU aya Zatt +) aN el including presenting educational material, quality monitoring, and coaching and feedback.

02/2016 to 10/2016
NERO Se lars AO ET

© Maintaina safe and sterile environment for the Pane kesrar tated rey

* Anticipate the needs of the surgical staff Monitor clients* conditions; reporting changes to Clinical or Client Services WU Ateasuc
ae eee Ele Lduchitreccsgert ieee supplies for various surgical procedures.

Pi eerclovacoucelnkdcstianant onan nr ety regards to operative procedure and specimens.

Bae See du neciies cunts eee pen Cilege nan nto te

SRE E CM coon mobo gor en acee

LPO ESOL P2006)
RN Supervisor Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Dekgate and oversee care tasks to certified nurse aides.

Pe ose Coee ket rcoe including administration Osrracr eit mie nic Rov m entrar ett procedures,
EO eee cman si Lorsro neti CCR OR EU oar senna atee

Sie xo) at Rima cbt] i aL gHeatu pena eel Rael ts tne

Sa Moses aE Coon ee Sob b ed DE CE reste oe

06/2015 to 12/2015
Fick RN Company Name 4 OARS

* Hone visits to clients in designated geographic territories,

* Performassigned duties, including administration of medication, wound care, treatments and Fires tae
* Monitor clients' conditions; reporting changes to Clinical or Client Services Mamager.

* Follow up with, execute and Ss eae ateatnncngtlea Melts et

© Performclint assessirents as eee

PRO Saistiyconuneikee elt

09/2014 to 05/2015
RN Company Name i% City , State

* Maintaina safe and sterile environment for the elvan s Ml beesacltned cet

* Anticipate the needs of the surgical staff Monitor clients* Conditions; reporting changes to Clinical or Client Services Manager.

See Ele Lduch tesco cect sent tte LR aleatcnineued pelecce tee

BEE Acar Loa giccuvelRoatircngil tara n metre Meee ener lng iacelniee lM eosin nage

ee Kanatani igurclecom nant ect eek keeping cases runing smoothly, closing the operating rooms, re-stocking rons, picking and
putting out fiture cases,

01/2014 to 08/2014
ST ean Som Or ETNA ETO] LOR

BEALL cane illounleneine net eini terete ee procedures and chemotherapy from insurance companies as required.

SE Nae eclcR Ube Nsra ance eal set El oselmciredt ok certs ten patient is denied coverage of current medication.
PCO SAI Loaner tonne eaten coverage and guidelines,

* Supervise staff of three billing employees and oversee activities of the billing department.

EULA Tule nrteca Policy and procedure as it pertains to billing department.

* Attend departmental and educational beeches eatin l

04/2013 to 11/2013
Se ese Sanaa Tal ned Tae see LIAN sy AO ESIC

© Maintaina safe and sterile environment for the elves iM bRerartned cle y
