i

HEALTHCARE MARKETING SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

An innovative, custormer-oriented Healthcare Administrator with a background in primary care andA experience supporting a team of physicians
ina busy medical office. Expertise includes verifying insurance coverage, records reviews, marketing and schedule maintenance. Searching for a
Peon eniemcctiteranet Gers tnaN

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Healthcare Administration Pennsyivania College of Health Sciences 2017 City , State

© Coursework in Epidemiology

CRE Oech eens ecy

* Coursework in Health Care Policy & Planning
© Coursework in Ethical Issues in Health Care

High Schoo! Diplorm Northeastem High Schoo! 2010 City , State

© Recipient ofthe York Alumme Chapter of Delta Sigmm Theta Academic Award Scholarship
* Assistant Editor of the Literary & Art Magazine

Ca dies san ae eB ors h ae! No)
e
cd

Member of Cure Finders Club
ercostat ROMEO Me nvAUrEr es)
Core Qualifications
Sei nelson c Nn Ed Sg * Knowledge of Medicare, Medicaid, EEOC, HIPPA, FMLA & ADAA
Pe ooo aula Mere ay ¢ Management & Marketing experience
PRO iias cere tren alone © Efficient under pressure
SES e pec en cso Parents pene Priboars huisy
: nee acinar ee edad ae
; hier eee PR tes) syroma neg ester i ee
Se rerea eee Sr es ee ces geste ae i on ia Prrartrenkerreaitcs
TAN , * Deadline-drivenA a€<
¢ Accomplished kaderA
Professional Experience
Healthcare Marketing Specialist

City , State Company Name / Jul 2017 to Current

rhe onirecuanir coords unter cmaiancammnceeCmentar tere

« Established production schedules and communicated project to stakehokiers.A

* Increased patient traflic by S%A

© Managed all social media foruns, including the company website, social networking applications and message boards.A

Healthcare Admin Intern
City , State Company Name / Feb 2017 to Jun 2017

© Scheduled appointments and registered patients.

Recorded and filed patient data and medical records.

Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving ability to addressing barriers.

Directed patient flow during practice hours, minimizing patient wait time.

Oversaw implementation of an effective budgeting and accounting system that improved efficiency and reduced costs.

Developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care.
Developed the design and execution ofa program that contributed to 5% growth of the organization.

(Oni Ceeiea Koonecen nie
City , State Company Name / Jun 2016 to Sep 2016

© Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified time frames.

© Maintained up-to-date records at all times.

© Provided cross training to 4 staff members.

© Facilitated information flow between customer service, account management operations, quality assurance, training and payroll departments
to guarantee call center objectives were met.

Customer Service Representative
City , State Company Name / Jun 2015 to Sep 2015

© Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified time frames.
