OCCUPATIONAL THERAPIST

Professional Summary

Highly motivated and accomplished Business Professional with 10+ years' experience in providing leadership and management to diverse teams
while facilitating strategies for growth and profitability. Comprehensive experience in multiple aspects of business operations, project management,
regultory compliance, customer satisfaction, staff traning and procedure development/implementation. Leads by example as a tenacious,
trustworthy, approachabk, and results driven team player with adept communication and problem solving abilities. Areas of Expertise Operational
Managenent Computer Skills Client Development Project Management Program Development Finance Analysis Training & Development
Customer Service Organizational Development Presentation Skills Excellent Communication Skills Business Managerrent skills Computer
Expertise - Ekectronic Medical Records, MS Word, Excel, Access, Publisher, PowerPoint, Outlook, QuickBooks Problem Solving - Proven
ability to troubleshoot and develop creative, innovative solutions to business challenges; successfully manage change for improved performance and
efficiency Management by Mentoring - Noted for ability to motivate performance, communicate strong messages, nurture partnerships, and deliver
significant sales growth. History of successful health care leadership, sales and project management Business Operations - Outstanding
accomplishments in business startup, tummaround, and financiaVoperational management across diverse industries, reinvigorating organizational
infrastructure, inventory, technologies, processes and financial measurement systems Customer & Personal Service - Knowledge of principles and
processes for providing customer and personal services including customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and
evaluation of customer satisfaction

als

Work History

Occupational Therapist , 02/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Prescribing and implementing occupational therapy services to pediatric population of 0-21 yrs.
© Administering and interpreting evahution needed for treatment of fine, oral, and gross motor skills and sensory dysfimetion.
¢ Prescribing, Fitting, and training of medical devices for disabled persons.

Rare Bream dO) rari Lelcmm lr PAu UcR oR b 0)
Company Name a€“ State

Responsible for the operational oversight of ancillary services product line; including home health, outpatient rehabilitation, private duty
nursing, skilled nursing, and premium prograns, within multiple regions encompassing direct supervision of regional directors of operations,
home health administrators, sales and marketing, recruitment teams, compliance, and in direct supervision of over 200 plus employees.A
Directed multi-site branch office operations in compliance with all federal and state regulations.A Established policy and procedure
standards focused on quality improverent and best demonstrated clinical practice.A

Led region in multiple deficiency free Medicare surveys to include home health, rehab agencies, skilled nursing facilities.

SET OTS each orang nance arr cr ies n amine ecw

Monitored and directed the development, implementation, and maintenance of therapy and hore health in senior living communities and
home care agencies in multiple states.

IM ecard ona Ma NYS IRR Oe sri ne PA ROP RyN

Moe mms reli oracotinncrerenrekirehcekcrs econ cntces mnt coe menace aCe Osncmare
Fon eon RO sus TuMmuen eC ROm Pinca Pay ai renee cae

Healthcare Coordinator , 01/2004 to 01/2008
Company Name

Ce geal items eneniccecdueribera trai acoy ace Onna cBor sitcom ee stlaueltn

« Administering and interpreting evahution needed for treatment of overall wellness, physical dysfimction, gross motor, endurance, memory,
recente Rcai cos mension at oem

* Managenent ofstafling, team building, caseload development, integrations, and compliance.

© Buikling Bridges Therapy and Leaming Centers Co-Owner, Therapy Director, and Occupational Therapist Created strategies to enhance

company deliverables for clinicians, generating additional revenue streams to capture new customers, increase market share and increase

arte e tT OL

Managenent of client services.

Caseload developnent, marketing of services, orientations or new employees, financial oversight and analysis.

Developrrent and implementation of Sensory, Oral Motor, Low Vision programs for child under 21 yrs.

Prescribing and implementing occupational therapy services to pediatric population of 0-21 yrs.

FUN Ree eunaan Cpe eS Omer Sr moc eRuiccee ms ccriveRc cence race

Prescribing, Fitting, and training of medical devices for disabled persons.

ioe ea bp Bicea team

* Responsible for all operational, philosophical, and technical traming and program development in Home Health, Outpatient, Hospice, and
Skilled Nursing settings.

© Provide education on company policies, procedures, rules, regulations, therapeutic processes, financials, management tools, management
approaches, & documentation.
