Hg
HEALTHCARE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Summary
Customer care representative position where my customer relations experience can be fillly utilized to improve custorer satisfaction and enhance
the company brand name.
Skils
¢ Tekconmunications knowledge , 5
© Strong problem solving ability : pease Office profiency
¢ High customer service standards mre mamgenen ils
Meera teres © Excellent communication ski
¢ Customer service expert : iy peel
© Tekconmunication skills fae ate ©
© Reatail and Corporate iad
Experience
Healthcare Customer Service Representative
Company Name Oct 2011 to Current

© Handk inbound calls fiom customers with inquiries and questions regarding their health insurance, wellness progruns, prescription plans and
help provide the best solutions for the customers’ health and financial well-being,

¢ Assist in program development with new products and/or services.

© Process one-time checking and credit card by phone payments.

¢ Evaluate information and options and select the alternative that best meet the requirement of the issue(s) presented.

CesT eseleb at)
Company Name May 2010 to Dee 2011

¢ Ensured spaces were prepared for the next day by taking out trash, tidying fimiture and dusting surfices.
© Swept and mopped floors and vacuumed carpets.

¢ Washed and sanitized toilets, sinks and showers and restocked disposabkes.

© Secured facilities after operating hours by locking doors, closing windows and setting up the alarm.

Customer Service Manager
May 2004 to May 2011

PRPs eckiniecbeinekeei setae Care ney

Ce Noo cium clo one Kl Cn amcca cn Lenke rennin babanuieineranraalpngeuboconinelaitansetnianat
and empowenrent.

* Kept accurate records and documented customer service actions and discussions.

Se occa cca ORU CHUM Reta ea Cm EIU e en GMM CO ST IA PCat acme econ liee ncn eca ica L neat tse

© Supervised 20+ employees at a time, enforced company reguhtions and delegated daily assignments.

Education and Training
Diplom : General Educational Rowan- Cabarrus Community College General Educational
Training and Onboarding : Healthcare Customer Service OPTUM Received certification for training new hires as they enter customer service roles
