CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
My favorite part of working is being able to interact with peopk. I Jove to provide Customer Service andA, WN cero? escent oc
a Na Se ec eon chee AIR ah ae WCAC aA callora store visit A more worthwhile for the
ar rrew WV mes tesco Wrna coi elaent ed] boring or tediousA task toA be a better experience and make a happy and loyal customer. I
mninly have worked in call centers and a little experience in sakes and store customer service.
bs hranianie

¢ High customer service standards

CMe nor. Ws clon breiias Ne im imr eet tMao ereiicoe mca]

spreadsheet, some Excel, internet, and intranet. Ae erro
Oo

er A © Proficient in reading and writing in spanish
¥ neha ihe ae PES ino earners acne ceelteiarancebeneoiil
Le ‘ "
Cae Dale ccm emerinbikcuribd Ct
© Troubleshooting skills
© Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite
Accomplishments

Managed call flow with up toA 200+ calls in queue per minute.

Exceeded corporate target for customer satisfiction forA 2-3 months ina row several times,
Perce eicce ORO nomr on Muenkaiguipes

schivor anes

Customer Service Representative Sep 2014 to Mar 2015

Company Name i City , State

* TMGisa call center where IA attended customersA with Dee ere Tae Gy eBay Loner aL
* Accomplished customer satisfaction with members regarding A billing, advising on health and dental benefits, quoting benefits and
oncolipenke

Customer Service Representative Oct 2013 to Sep 2014
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
* Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes. Improved customer ratings.

© Sitel is a call center that is a third party outsourcing company that takes billing calls for USAA insurance company.
a RC ecard rep oa renee ten rcici rc

* Successfilly set up non payment cancellttion arrangements, applied payments and resolved billing issues.
Customer Service Representative Aug 2011 to May 2013

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

© Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.

* Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.

OF Uncen eaea ee he income mii ase eles eR CCl etn

© Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.

* Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.
© Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.

« A Provided assistance to customers with online orders.

OP MGur nena Pine Wr omecln ec Riel retard pete RAL Gate

Sera Lieea On cee y Lanoe Foy Bree) wccored Mokena menace hcccnrck Ror icons kosn aii
© Worked with management andA corresponding departments related with comphints received from customers.

Customer Service Oct 2009 to May 2010
Company Name i City , State

I worked for Headway Corporate on a contract (temporary) basis at AIG/WNL where IA had the opportunity to speak toA clientsA about
theirA retirement plans and products like 401k's and annuities,

® Maintained up-to-date records at all times.

© Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.

Agent Apr 2006 to Feb 2009
Company Name i City , State

* RepresentedA Nationwide as a licensedA Customer Service Agent
* Performed quotes and changes to auto and home insurance policies.
¢ Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
