IMPACT

bs hranianie

Level-headed under pressure *65 wpm *Microsoft Office efficient *Kind
schivor anes

stress

October 2014 to February 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, retums and exchanges.

Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.

Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning,

Expressed appreciation and invited customers to retum to the store.

Assisted customers with store and product comphints.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved customer comphints.

Recommended, selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

Informed customers about sales and promotions ina friendly and engaging manner.

Stocked and rotated inventory regularly.

Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.

Replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom to ensure product avaihbility for customers.
Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.

Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store while also keeping the showroom clean and maintained neat and
Chrelae ma leeea mele) sm

ote ater rlicnl eB LolicrMeesceckeeb at beim

Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving appropriate feedback.

Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and immediately assisting each customer.

Sealilpectebyeusiicl Men ea iecce
March 2013 to December 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Provided life support services during medical emergencies on scene and en route to the hospital.
Maintained a state of readiness and alertness for all assignments.

Collected pertinent information from the patient, family and friends, medical records and prescriptions.
Rapidly assessed whether life threatening criteria was present and took immediate action.
Initiated plans of care based on patient assessments.

Completed all mandatory education and training chisses.

Interacted with patients, families, hospital staffand the general public.

Evaluated patient care procedural changes for eflectiveness.

Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge of applicable state and Federal laws and regulations.
Effective decision-maker in high-pressure enviroments.

Frequently commended for maintaining the safety, respect and dignity of residents.

Provided treatment within scope of practice as defined by state hw.

Coordinated with doctors and registered nurses to develop care plans for patients.

Recorded patients' medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.

Patrolked areas and allowed restricted area access for authorized personnel

Ensured proper care for victims of domestic violence who presented to urgent care clinic.
Educated patients about their treatments.

Instructed patients and family members on proper discharge care.

Tested patients’ blood ghicose levels.

Evaluated terrain and recorded topographical information.

Crew Member
February 2015 to April2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Greeted all customers, recorded correct orders and performed cashiering duties including organizing register supplies.
Effectively handled customer comphints and special requests, assessed customer needs and responded to questions, and worked with
customer to resolve issues.

Provided prompt, efficient, friendly, and quality service at all times.

Accurately balanced cash register at all times.

Cleaned restrooms, including scrubbing sinks, toilets, counter-tops and mirrors.

BOirekrecBranmiiaieisnslscm

Maintained a positive working relationship with fellow staffand managerrent.

Cleaned and straightened work area.

Gathered and emptied trash and replaced liners

Gece r RO eKM eur ecckunnenaee anni par eee hscilannteened

Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.

Hostess
