SSI e APRN ONO M UCR FN CCIE g

Si

Tend
Self-motivated Human Resources Professional with 9+ years Healthcare and Social Services Recruitment, Management Business Development,

Marketing and Staffing experience. Expertise in locating highly qualified candidates for a comprehensive variety of clinical and non-clinical
positions. Exceptional interpersonal skills with a focus on team synergies and a drive to achieve organizational goals.

alg

Microsoft office (10+ years), Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, Recruiting, Staffing, Business Developrrent, Training and Development
(10+ years) GROUPS Society for Human Resource Managerent January 2015 to Present

eed

Fluent in English, Russian, RomanianA,

schivor anes

Hiring Manager/Recruiting Manager 03/2017 to Current Company Name City , State

© Managed and kad a team of professional recruiters through coaching and training.

Developed and execute recruiting plans and recruiting outreach programs Partnered with Hiring Managers, and Director of HR to determine
inten es ties Th emitcl yu ecm

Coached hiring managers on recruiting process and procedures.

[Keren scecP MIP omar ce ounce Rina eneiiiaanmecqeciierancem uel Lekelsustiiccal COU

Developed inclusive recruiting and sourcing strategies to identify and attract top talent.

Managed interview activity at all phases of the recruiting process.

Ensured consistent communication regarding candidate search and status to all parties through all phases of recruiting process.

Directed offer process, including reference checks, salary recommendations, offer letter generations and offer responses.

Ensured all jobs are posted and maintained in accordance with company policy Managed intemal and external job board fimctionality and
works with vendors to troubleshoot issues.

Managed vendor relationships and oversees annual contract renewals and budget.

Managed team recruiting metrics and oversees distribution of weekly requisition reports to management.

Worked closely with Communications to develop recruiting materials and brochures.

Conducted regular follow with hiring managers to detenmine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementations.

Developed and implements social media recruiting strategies.

Oversaw company hiring events and initiatives.

Recruiting Manager 11/2015 to 02/2017 Company Name City , State

Managed a team of recruiters and report on recruiting performance Advise Hiring Managers on interviewing techniques Research and
choose different healthcare job advertising options Identify and acquire top talent for: diflérent clmical and none clinical positions.
Determine appropriate salary for new hires, promotions and transfers.

Educated clients regarding latest Labor Market trends, wages, benefits and realistic expectations and trends in today's job market.

Dato emi LatCHAIE BrP ee im icining sceurslti Ome ana Tics

Conduct orientations with new hires and performance evaluation performance.

Partner with hiring managers, and directors to identify trends in recruitment and retention in order to predict future needs.

Provide professional coaching to employees seeking career advancerrent or a career change.

Complete workforce planning, established pipeles using passive candidate sourcing, consistently.

develops New Business and grow existing with accounts for the agency with different hospitals, nursing homes and New York state
facilities.

Proven track record ofsourcing, screening, short listing, interviewing, salary negotiation and hiring of Healthcare and nursing professionals
for various local and travel nursing positions; In charge of mamging multiple accounts affiliated with hospitals, ambulatory care centers, state
facilities and.

POST rer enone comes Ceniy (em

Senior Healthcare Recruiter 06/2014 to 09/2015 Company Name City , State

Work collaboratively with Program Managers, Directors Sales Personnel, Clients and Candidates in managing requisitions and matching the
right candidates to positions.

© Training and Development Recruit both clical and nor-clinical positions such as: hospital nurses, school nurse, Case Workers.,.
© Social Workers, PA's, Pharmacists, Respiratory Therapists Administrative Assistants, Physical Therapist and Occupational Therapist, PTA,

OTA, Speech Therapists and Case Managers.

Full Cyck Recruiting and On-Boarding to include, Identifying, screening, interviewing, and presenting to both contract and permanent
Fires Lelice

Responsible for hiring and firing of contract worker; posting new positions using various tools such as CareerBuilder, Linked Ia, internal
pieciieeca om

On boarding responsibilities include I-9 documents, Tax Forms, Reference Checks, as well as Education Verification, Pre-employment
Physical and Drug Toxicology Interface with both clients and candidates on a daily basis Utilie Applicant Tracking System (Job diva), to
upload new requisitions and log.

candidates information.

Use other external databases depending on each clients need.
