PA MEDIA GROUP

Summary

Be ina position involving and utilizing my marketing and management skills and knowledge gained throughout my education and on the job
experience.

Highlights

Deep understanding of Google Analytics; analyzing website traffic and trends to help make business decisions; experienced in the tracking and
optimize advertising campaigns; Heavy experience in digital marketing (search, target ads, ermil, social, display, mobile); sold and managed
numerous multi platform digital marketing plans; reading and interpreting digital reports; extensive print experience; effective when leading a team,
organized; take direction well; open minded; customer service experience; sufficient in computer based skills; work well under pressure; event
plinning experience *reference available upon request

schivor anes

Pa Media Group 04/2015 to Current Company Name

T amresponsible for maintaining and growing the Real Estate category.

T help my clients understand and utilize Pa Media Group's digital marketing platforms to secure leads and boost brand awareness.
This involves have a deep understanding of audience targeting, SEM, SEO.

SMO, ennil, Pinterest, video, rich media, content marketing, realtor, builder, and apartrrent specific advertising, and print advertising,
I collaborate with my clients to come up with the best strategies to fit their needs.

T have monthly reporting calls with these clients to go over there advertising success.

Gledipeetelyaed vc me ues cw ieeee cee m

Girtiducb Gooner Lexa

T amresponsible for showing the success of their advertising campaigns through Google Analytics.

T also must show them trends and optimize their campaigns using Google Analytics.

Having a deep understanding in Google Analytics is critical in making sure my clients are making the correct advertising choices.

I provide my clients with any and every report they need through Google Analytics to assist them.

I amresponsible for creating monthly reporting decks for my clients.

These reports summarize what is going on with their website, their website traffic, what is working best, and what needs to be changed in
fiiaimristecatneesirsl aA

IT amcurrently responsible for managing one of the company's largest digital campaigns.

Pepe snaecmervanintdiite kee PA Cerne niessiLom ik ae eilin ie ome kalcie

Healthcare Account Executive 03/2014 to 03/2015

My main responsibility is to grow and retain new and old healthcare related businesses.

I must find new business opportunities as well as maintain my current book of business.

I must be knowledgeable and have a full understanding about Audience Targeting, SEM, SEO, SMO, Ennil Bhsts, Pinterest , Video ads,
Co yet O enna Cu KCUnUmE GUI CMom Lum slne bar bmuelie sling sie em

In this position it is critical that I have a deep understanding of Google Analytics.

T must have the ability to tie all digital campaigns back to customers Google Analytics ifable to.

Thave to be able to that translate the information from Google Analytics so my customers can understand it and also find the information
rainy

My goal is to be an indispensable resource to all my customers.

I currently am response for managing and maintaining our of the companies largest digital accounts.

Must work with the whole Healthcare team and maintain open communication so we do not overlap in our prospecting efforts.

Real Estate/ Executive Marketing Media Consultant 07/2012 to 03/2014 Company Name

T amresponsible for kaming, understanding, and selling all products of the media kit.

T amaccountable for maintaining my own book of business.

Repair past customer experiences, maintain current customer relationships, and create new relationships.

Create and develop effective marketing solution packages for customers.

Campaign management included utilizing google analytics to optimize the campaigns.

Thad to be knowledgeable and have a fill understanding about Audience targeting, SEM, SEO, SMO, Ennil Blasts, Youtube ads, and
Pandora ads.

I Project Leader on Best of York Tab, Readers Choice Tab, Parade of Homes Tab, and Home Show Tab.

Was an active part of the Marketing Committees for York Buiklers Associations and York Economic Alliance as a company representative.
Responsible for hitting monthly sales goals in retail, real estate, and digital.

Responsible for hitting the goal ofeach tab.

Responsible for managing, maintaining, and pitching some of the largest local accounts.

I was a marketing intem at The Conférence Center at Shippensburg University during the spring semester of 2011.

Worked with customers at internship, made multiple docurrents for their packets, helped coordinate and set up for events, sending e-blasts,
trained with vizergy, and started the process of getting the new Shippensburg Brochure started and designed the brochure, which I had to
ere M OMI RN MeicH Tee NCH Our tee Cacm

Feb cous Ombre H RVC KrMne lea leceec ge aiunmeeeraweeaiceanaia Om Ole ub esis

OUR OU PAS on ina nhine
