HEALTHCARE CONSULTANT

Executive Profile

Proven keader with solid performance seeking new challenges to bring a comprehensive set of skills to your company. Former military kader,
certified instructor, designated a Subject Matter Expert in 2 fields of medicine, experienced public speaker.

Skill Highlights

RY Sica Bice)

Microsoft Office, Srmarttech SMART Board, Public Speaking, Public Relations, Marketing, Saks
Instructor/Writer - Combat Medic Advanced Individual Training

Ist Detachment, 108th Training Command - Augusta, GA - Noverrber 2014 to October 2015

Biche em eb ier omnacoerncapecilpedces eda ccm

Be the example of “what right looks like” for new healthcare practitioners to follow.

Read, revise/edit, publish and teach course mterial for a healthcare program that graduates over 30,000
individuals annually.

ure camralryLarene aeacelneanlilea sc yU CEE ELoe

Supervise the logistics of monthly synchronization meetings from catering and event planning to security and
logistics for monthly gatherings of key leaders in public venues.

Teach NREMT curriculum to students attempting EMT certification.

Evaluate NREMT practical skills for EMT certifications.

Bots Ol) 2/ Bom

Bolo (AMOtco ranean ete et Lat ny cm

Bese Glee elicei be PCS KCRe ILMB Tae Uae CLLAeNCIbnSEC COMMU am neler beta
critical thinking, leadership development, convoy operations, logistics, supply chain management, and other
necessary skills to be a Healthcare Specialist in the US Anny.

OSHPMO AW ceem ICHONmcatlaLd io @Ce

Alpha Company, 2nd Infantry Battallion, 29th Infantry Regiment - Fort Benning, GA - November 2012 to
Noverber 2014

Responsibilities

Teach TCCC core curriculum and First Aid to chsses of up to 220 Infantryman.

Teach additional skills such as mass casualty management, critical thinking, leadership development, medical
evacuation logistics, and other necessary skills to save lives.

NT cs CoR SeuMcS sco UNmN Rubee maredantalCMIn el Ane cmmar he alerslicarinccmtes|

PU het esualce sth nem

Emergency Care Sergeant, Squad Leader

Echo Company, 2nd Infantry Battalion, 29th Infantry Regiment - Fort Benning, GA - April2011 to
Noverber 2012

Hospital, Pre-Hospital, Long-term Geriatric Population, VA Home/Clinic, Acute Care, Phicbotomy/Lab,
Inmunization Clinic, MedicaVSurgical Ward, PACU, ICU, Pediatric Emergency Department, Telemetry,
Behavioral Health Ward*

Supervised 2 noncommisioned officers and 10 sokliers. Assigned them to 5 arrbulance teams. Managed their
duties and helped resolve their personal issues in order to make them effective leaders and efficient medics.
Responsible for medical equipment sets valued at over $100,000.00 each including vehicles and HAZMAT.
Designated as the primary Information Technology point of contact within the section, implemented and
oversaw the transition to paperless office management and streamlined previously cumbersome and outdated
communications methods.

Emergency Care Specialist

Headquarters and Headquarters Company/Bravo Company, 1-41 Infantry Batallion, 3rd Brigade, Ist Armor
Division - Fort Bliss, TX - June 2009 to June 2011

Responsibilities

Clmical patient care, austere/remote medical care.

Live Fire training exercises and medical support.

Individual and crew served weapons training,

Infantry tactics and SOP's

Microsoft Office 2013, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Adobe Acrobat Professional, Adobe Photoshop,
Solidworks, Emergency Managerent Systems, Network Administration, DSLR Photography, Supply Chain
Managenent, Classified Document Management, Joint Commission Inspection Standards, Classroom
ice ate@ Lm yestt)

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Designed and implemented a mass casualty evacuation SOP for a battalion of 600 soldiers.

The SOP was so effective that it was adopted as the brigade standard for 3000 soldiers.

Designed and implemented a field expedient casualty evacuation system using civilian vehicks.

Coordinated all resources necessary to create a cost effective, filly equipped, filly fictional aid station and synergistic casualty evacuation
plan using nor-medical assets Designed training program using scenario based training for infantryren, first line supervisors, and command
staff to effectively manage mass casualty situations Skills Used Aluminum fabrication, complex problem solving, program managenent,
