HEALTHCARE CONSULTANT
Executive Profile
seminars and 200 media interviews, executive health/longevity expert and corporate wellness consultant. Created award-winning preventive
care/patient education center in Family Medicine Residency. Developed residential wellness program at world-renowned Cooper Clinic in Dallas
from ground floor. Administered $800,000 Kellogg Foundation grant to train physicians for Public Health and Preventive Medicine. Developed
innovative nutritional system to rank high nutrient-density foods and motivate individuals to simple healthy eating. Designs for Wellness consulting
with corporate executives, medical groups, hospitals, wellness centers, nutritional supplement manufacturers. Designed extensive marketing
strategies for health/wellness publications, healthy food products, and nutritional supplements. Personal Objectives My career goal is to utilize my
experience and skills in a larger organization, work with teams to create innovative products and services in health promotion, disease
prevention/management, and human longevity fields. Collaboration with diverse groups to synergize process of product development and
impkerentation of patient/client services.
Skill Highlights

* Business Development Strategy: Expert

Ce dream clicalnuinlore chines

* Operational Systems Efficiency: Expert

© Wellness Program Development: Expert

© Lifestyle Change Methodology: Expert

Professional Experience
Healthcare Consultant
March 2013 to Current Company Nan i City , State

© Specializes in assisting physicians, hospitals, outpatient rehabilitation clinics, and a diverse list of other healthcare providers throughout the
Los
* and abroad to achieve their strategic and operational goak.

Hires lonene@relineay
January 1990 to Current Company Name i’ City , State

¢ Responsible for overall strategy and implementation ofall aspects of the business.

© Company provides consulting and training seminars in the areas of executive health, corporate wellness, nutrition, stress management/work-
ie El hec eCRP Te Oey

¢ Publishing in the areas of nutrition, fitness, wellness, sports, and spiritual development.

Executive Director
January 1984 to January 1990 Company Name 1% City , State

© Developed residential Cooper Wellness Program at Cooper Clinic from ground floor resulting in multimillion dollars of revenue and
educational assistance in improving health, longevity, and quality of life for thousands of clients, both dorrestic and international.
¢ Received Outstanding Service Award-Cooper Clic, 1990.

Associate Director
July 1980 to December 1983 Company Name 1% City , State

© Created award-winning Preventive Care teaching program from start-up for medical residency program

Won $60,000 grant to fimd The Preventive Care Leaming Center, a patient/resident, teaching facility.

Center taught Family Medicine residents patient education/preventive medicine skills and won Patient Care Magazine's Award for
Excellence in Patient Education by a Family Medicine Residency.

Developed off-campus Master of Public Health program for residents and allied health professionals in conjunction with Loma Linda
DO esate mR SIRO UIB Colonie nebnen ven pucta

Appreciation Award for Developing a Nationally Recognized Program in Preventive Care at the Florida Hospital Family Medicine
Residency, 1984.

brairestbeny

Doctor of Public Health : August 1980 Lorm Linda University 1% City , State High level specialist in wellness and lifestyle management
intervention. Academic preparation, practical skills, and administrative abilities in developing, implementing, and evaluating prograrrs and protocols
designed to address a wide spectrum of health issues- particularly those dealing with chronic disease-including health risk appraisal, nutritional
assessment and recommendations, exercise testing and prescription, and smoking cessation counseling, Six-month Clinical Practicum at Kaiser
Permanente Preventive Medicine Dept. in Riverside, CA including lifestyle counseling for clients in areas of smoking cessation, weight
rare SH AB LULeCOMI CLIMATE R siren escen c S lamas hace em

Master of Public Health : August 1980 Lorm Linda University i%4 City , State Specialized professional training in community nutrition to assume
kadership position in assessing community nutrition needs; and in planning, directing, and evaluating the nutrition component of health promotion
and disease-prevention efforts.

Bachelor of Arts : Business Administration , June 1977 Andrews University 1% City , State GPA: Enrolled in Honors English. Andrews University
Honored Alumnus of Achieverrent Award, 2013. Business Administration Courses included Economics, Principles of Managerrent, Business
Law, Business Ethics, Principles of Marketing, Accounting. Enrolled in Honors English. Andrews University Honored Alumnus of Achieverrent
