STAFFING MANAGER

Professional Summary

s well to change and possesses extensive expert knowledge of human resources employment process within a variety of industries. [Job Title]
focused on improving productivity, increasing efficiency and enhancing quality. Consistently exceeds goals for staffing and retention. Human
Resources Recruiter accomplished in sourcing, screening, qualifying and closing candidates, as well as coordinating interviews and follow up.
als

© Good judgment
© Humanresources policies © Sales techniques
Colom sticy oysters’ © Safety training
* Workforce planning * Pre-screening candidates
© Pre-screening candidates © Employment laws and practices
© Time managerent
Work History
06/2014 to Current

Staffing Manager Company Name a€* City , State

© Top performer in top quartile of expectations; Recognized for setting branch record for placerrents hours in first quarter; Recruited high
number of new companies and candidates Recaptured previous companies business Expanded existing client relationship to generate
additional job orders Recruiting and Placerrent Source, screen and interview qualified candidate pool based on job specifications and
customer needs and preferences Present and assist client with selection candidate process to fulfill job orders ensuring qualified, capable and
motivated candidates fulfill client expectations Maintain on-going contact with client companies and temporary professionals currently on
assignment to ensure both receive exceptional customer service Resolve any customer service issues quickly and efficiently to nmintain the
highest level of customer satisfaction Develop pool ofavailable temporary administrative professional workers to quickly fill job orders and
short term assignments Candidate Recruitment and Retention: develop pool of available temporary administrative professional workers to
quickly fill job orders and short term assignments Business Development Develop and grow your own client base by marketing our services
for temporary and/or temporary-to- fulltime staffing solutions Market to clients via telephone as well as conduct in-person meetings with
key managers to senior-level executives Market to clients via telephone as well as conduct in-person meetings with key managers to senior-
level executives Build on existing client relationships to generate additional business opportunities; Participate in and market services at
networking events to increase organizational presence in the local business community.

* Developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs.

¢ Promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews.

Cee CiGlvetecsi tetsu ace Orel Ky natb eect see

* Developed salary proposals for new recruits.

© Made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions.

© Developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs.

« Addressed all employee harassment allegations, work comphints and other concerns.

02/2013 to Current
Healthcare Recruiter Company Name a€“ City , State

Established relationships with clients and developed recruiting strategies to find the right talent.

On board HR compliance training,

Developed candidate pool and engagement.

Led the recruitment process, including initial assessments, interviews and offers.

Counsel the candidate on company benefits, salary and company environment.

Provided recruitment guidance to clients including hiring managers and HR Professionals Participated in Webinars and Conferences
regarding Employee Referral Programs and Recruiting Worked with outside recruiters in partnering up and doing 50/50 split arrangements.
© Created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

© Tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualification, time-to- fill statistics and other variabks.

12/2011 to 08/2013
Marketing Director Company Name a€“ City , State

© Developed and executed marketing plans for our orthopedic specialty group and implementing them with hospitals, nursing honxs,
outpatient care centers and other medical facilities Responsible for recruiting and developing key talent including clinical staff positions,
improving internal processes and ongoing customer relations and services.

© Maintained knowledge of new and existing surgical techniques and medical devices Contact on regular basis referring physicians and

prospective physicians, clinics and hospitals.

Established and maintained interactive relationships with managed care tears and office staff.

Doubled our patient census and revenue within the first 6 months of start date.

Designed office brochures, TV commercial, posting/editing content on social media and identifying special practices so that our physicians

can increase marketing value for our healthcare facility.

Responsible for providing formation and insights regarding customers, markets and marketing effectiveness.

Created and submitted complete weekly marketing reports, census, market information, competitive activity, promotional marketing and

pon
