SR. ESTIMATOR-BAS CONSTRUCTION SALES

SS

9+ years of professional working experience in energy solution consulting and performance contracting, HVAC estimating & designing in buildings
& industrial sector. Experience of 3 years in project development, presenting and managing the implementation of imovative energy business
solutions. Working knowkdge in designing & preparing energy solutions for large complex projects. Total projects worked for fiscal year 2014
exceeds $30 million. Excellent working relationships within the different business units. Working knowledge of Variable Frequency drives, PLC
SCE Calle enue ccs ied a aria iueiwar Binion end Oba BS eee cl ca Nnlceia Paccoasee km nent ii)
Construction, Mass Building Congress, American Society for Precision Engineering Obtain a challenging position that will allow me to utilize my
Colette boinaetes occlude desis a ngoruroci omy) acs SnunccM Sena S aA SOO OLory OOo acl LoE
Renewable Energy and Energy Managerrent of residential, commercial, healthcare, data center and industrial facilities.

Accomplishments

Awarded as most interactive person across all business units in India by Schneider

Honeywell's BRAVO Award for the successfill commissioning of the Alm Management Suite at IPCL, Baroda or the first time in India
Energy Management Professional Certified by Schneider University

Framed out the processes and templates for new energy business unit in Schneider India

Active Volunteer in CSR activities in Schneider for social cause

Initiated selling of the energy conservation solutions to clients showing savings and ROI

Individually worked out and framed a ckear- cut procedure for Installation & Commissioning of MS SQL based Alarm Managerent Suite
and defined the procedure for healthy communication of Ahnm Management Suite with Honeywell Systems & various Third Party DCS /
PLC's

ee ee

Experience
Sr. Estimator-BAS Construction Sales
August 2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

- 01810, USA %¢ Key responsible person for designing & estimating of HVAC proposals on Studio 360 related to capital construction and
renovation projects (S40M estimation volume YtD) by supporting Sales team and validating the proposals with operations teams 4%¢ Generate an
average of $2M estimate per month for Buiding-Construction business 4%¢ Responsible for negotiating with sub-contractors and vendors to
ensure accurate scope and cost projections. 4%¢ Qualify engineering drawings & specifications. 4% Working with the operations team to validate
proposed solutions and to develop Branch Estimate Library on Studio 360 4%¢ Produce accurate & through takeofis, including pricing of work

Project Engineer

Company Name i City , State 56&57, Hadapsar Industrial Estate, Pune- 411 013, India 4%¢ Responsible for Project Planning, Collection of
User requirements, System Design & Testing, Execution and System Maintenance. 4% Worked as Project engineering A fer Marketing Service
Group for projects involving Dual redundant and single system of Honeywell's DCS & PLC based control system for various process industries,
a%¢ Responsibk for design, Development and Testing of DCS, PLC, and SCADA programs for the Honeywell Systems. 4%¢ Responsible for
pichlalbe MOO Urnee eM Alc necks Neal Blip cn oaoneeeBN GNU Cncaline (cm fino cn

Rie otto

Company Name , Phase II, Gurgaon -122002, Haryana, India 4% Worked on energy performance contracts and energy proposals worth more
than 40 million dollars for various facilities including hospital, correctional facilities, office buildings, colleges, IT/ITES buildings, commercial
buildings, retail sector and industrial facilities. 4%¢ Prepared energy solutions for more than 50 projects and surveyed almost 40 projects for
preliminary & detailed energy assessment for identifying energy conservation measures (ECMS). 4%¢ Prepared and helped the implementation
team in execution of Performance Contracting projects of values almost 5 million dollar. 4%¢ Key responsibk person for identifying, designing &
Pid aenclleeeS an A@ cone ciietaeoMe entice monic em O i ccs nc MeyA yn ceBs Dn cee Ronaraz rong 0g
solution designing and development of standard energy conservation solutions for building & industrial sector. 42¢ Main responsibilities includes
hCcutiv@lkena agen lcoacllomieckiie Mica ennaneudiidianl cckondy aoe Smee brconnccmUcllanelei Rul Rucr seein s|
subcontractor to price cach measures, preparation of the estimated costing and contract documents, preparation of the sequence of operation for
the retrofit equipment, review ofall the submittals docurrents, provide technical assistance during the construction phase, commission of the system
and measurement and verification of each measures. Siemens Buikling Technologies Pvt. Ltd., 49, Eldams Road, Teynampet, Chennai- 600 018,
India 4% Worked on designing of systems, preparation of technical bids, quotations, offers of compkte systems comprising of Buikling
Managerment System, Fire Protection and Ekctronic Security 4%¢ Pre-sales and front end sakes activities including customer relationship building,
negotiations. 4%¢ Grabbed IBMS orders of around $2 million. 4% Worked extensively on designing of Building Management systems for HVAC
for different buildings like hotels, commercial buildings, IT/ITES etc.

Assistant Manager-Energy Solutions

RPA ROR EN MA RR Oon naan ay AO mmNIIC

Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd, 9th Floor, DLF Buikding No. 10, Tower C,

Education

Bachelor of Instrumentation Engineering : Instrumentation Engineering , 2006-12-31 Maharishi Markendeshwar Engineering College Bachelor of
Instrumentation Engineering, -Degree Received: December 31, 2006 Maharishi Markendeshwar Engineering College, Mullana India. May
09,2002-July 21, 2006.

Affiliations

Actively Involved in Networking Chapter in Boston area like National Association of Worn In Construction, Mass Building Congress, American
Society for Precision Engineering
