CONSTRUCTION ESTIMATOR
iterated

Energetic Construction Manager consistently involved in all facets of building construction. Specialty in commercial structures and municipal
bridges.

Proactive Project Manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. Successful in creating effective

ore ettoiaoo sonora mrararlknnccaieenesnesredecteatrenacslty

Aralytical [Job Title] skilled at predicting construction project duration and managing tight deadlines.

¢ Resulis-oriented Construction Manager specializing in industrial and commercial projects. Demonstrated expertise in permitting and building

Nas
°
.
°
.

J

code, seismic retrofitting and construction phnning,

Dependabke and self motivated professional with 6+ years’ progressively responsibk experience in the construction estimation field. Track
record of identifying labor, material, and time requirements by studying proposal, specifications, construction plans, and associated
documents. Possess thorough understanding of findamental construction principks.

Indepth knowledge of residential construction materials, methods, and systems

Sunes eee BeRMM nun CBOE ym Doe ling NeMeMes MlCeee eae Re kcentccwecnnn ccd

STU al es BU eco non emrin sets imate’

eo La cua TUNE com AU CLOUD BU aS eeRs ci yUneecey at

SO ae Laemeon Guang ibaa ne ee ea Omen ene ororcanacnuniianmnstacays kos reco ircat
Coiceniiens

(eel ool) anon conieniern ca eob cca ia emai

Experience
122012 - Current
Company Name i City , State Construction Estimator

Sr |

efriic Ren vatinsoconnoeme cc yeemokoxcula a centres

(Osi Zeeelatnalicebel scene Byreocmicineai le Cougs neuCIEN Ena Clee sie

Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.

Managed a team of [Number] onsite general contractors for [Number] months.

Reviewed and investigated Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR).

Assigned projects and tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties.

Followed through with competent execution of project plans by providing proper tools and equipment to all construction personnel.
eave recEuoi Pause ces heat eismne meena cebeesee ional eee

Accurately provided status inforrmtion on project progress to the project managernent.

item eee ibcdlcdedsumenouaeoh aren sisi Eons

eee Pitre Brslestceb Mok eb ocbeke nanan ieleageeisiner eine Resi cc ences cece

Ae Megane vecotocenekineul keeles eb) (cace

Assisted the project manager with bidding new jobs and projects.

Managed a project budget of S[Amount}.

Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.

Drafted action plans and Ied meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes.
Colkborated with cross-finctional teams to draft project schedules and plans.

We oh ee Reem tnnecen act ebcetimem cede Oro icra (6118

Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.

Updated and managed [Number] project databases.

Audited [Number] work plans per [Time period] and offered recommendations for improvements,
Troubleshooted electrical and mechanical defects for residential, commercial and industrial sites.

Assisted in implementation of operations, maintenance and capital programs.

Counted and verified orders picked to ensure accuracy.

Ensured customer satisfaction by providing highest quality of products by ensuring all equipment was properly installed and working
correctly.

ence oLetemcloninecninnmnricnuesmirekcetieana

AI renee Ru ee onE iE ent acR luce

oy

Ce oe ee

ee ee Peoti menses On ad oones es ants keen nism Cn MeL cbeces Nl mcacecetiea operel (ong i licet |
quality standards.

Reviewed project drawings to perform installation activities according to specifications.

PG iblealeedciE cco rac Lien nichmnea once thi Mm ne anckuene tba Osgronei cers Rect cnetan syn rom
A Alestece Rene NUM RST cay cl om

Drafted detailed drawings of structures, specifying dimensions and materials needed.

Plo ecm eprenionncmucanl brine belle nace

ope Keiko nan eee ecu reece center ia bel auaiiiiiae

Drafted technical write-ups for proposals and projects.

oat noe Roelib alec Bice el emer cwne kes) anal elise eyescal eta
