CONSTRUCTION SITE MANAGER
Summary

supervising and overseeing the direction of the project (or a package), ensuring that the client's specifications and requirements are met, reviewing
progress and liaising with quantity surveyors to monitor costs

lnising with the client, other construction professionals and, sometimes, members of the public

Cireshslhner Nees earn Mee PM CeCe CCA

io cating ore) cest em resliaes1

Lae N AL SUOME VICE Re Te ee eM OE LeeSeRcol che

pee ener inte tg IRE en geo OM Uec MRE ReRUCsNu ini

mmintaining quality contro! procedures

finding ways to prevent problems and to solve any that crop up

BCecs Neen SB ERILER TINUE Sg

Sergei rrem cog legen nok leaves

Po UAB LOL CCO MA CHE Real nnaRanliker Tas cecpuec)

As construction managers work on site wherever that site is, be prepared to relocate or face a longer commute as and when required.

als
Cea Ceoskoosrer cs eset es dl © Networking ability
© Probkemsolving skills Cae Gera ennung
© Decision-making ability Cie dinebudona tia
Ce Oorr rece ica ec) © Crisis communications
© Ability to motivate other CU lecatin
© Teanmworking skills © Blueprint reading
* Good knowledge of buikding methods and regulations © Regulation and compliance
¢ Customer service © Excellent driving record
© Account management © Detaiboriented
* Business-to-business background © Good mechanical aptitude
¢ Capital panning © Production line/assermbly line forklift experience
© Stafftrainng © Good verbalwritten communication skills
* Contract negotiation © Establishing goals and setting priorities
schivor anes
03/2006 to 12/2012

Construction site manager Company Name i City , State

© Conferred with sakes and marketing teams to ensure consistency in messaging and communication with business partners and customers, and
to relay insight from data collected to shape successful marketing campaigns.

© Conducted strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats (SWOT) analyses to develop strategic plans for corporate level and business

Price

Worked with current clients to assess needs and develop improverrent plans.

Stayed current on company products and services to provide top-notch expertise to customers.

Set up potential client contacts, cultivated relationships and followed through all service needs.

Put together contracts and completed sales with new and existing clients.

PUR ROR UCPLUHG
(Ovheatoriencneen aa Oerr scm N itchy AL OS MECH

Maintained a written daily log of activities on the job site.

Reviewed project drawings to roe erage sana

Hat eS Sed cel coals nek) Pawo S

IMI bnreeotientr lp aircon oe hie Mtns aoe Monee camera inant a

Provided equipment installations for a developing residential community of 40 units, working successfillly according to project plans and
quality standards.

Reviewed engineering documentation to determine order of construction operations.

Assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry.

PEO reeth ces ea icnoateicninceesciiaccbreciaesranrateitinelon

CREWE ceo ew NUU CRT ec ayce08

¢ Troubleshooted electrical and mechanical defects for residential, commercial and industrial sites. 7

Sitetke eo emclSnMee mre ia noL metab AU er ePaCl matceunur ker lis olaCccvaW Niemen BtcHilcemthe Ruel tied
correctly,
