CONSTRUCTION
Summary
The purpose of submitting my resume to your company is to obtain a position with the opportunity to utilize my training and skills in the technician
industry. I am experienced in warehouse and technician field -wiring 508 A UL soft starters, hard starters while assuring a high level of excellent
customer service and satisfaction with maximum productivity; and maintaining a clean and safe warehouse. Alo with security experience with skills
in Microsoft Office Applications including Word, Excel, CCTV and PowerPoint; I amalso competent in customer service satisfaction for installing
direct TV and having the ability to gain knowledge of certain products and being able to sell them to the public. I have solid kadership and
communication skill. I amalso a positive person willing to take on different tasks and eager to karn. These skills are exemplified in my previous
employment with Sprecher + Schuh. As a Wire-imn and a Warehouse worker my duties ranged from being able to sale products to answering
inquires or repair and wiring enclosures. By applying for this position will allow me to expand professionally and develop and learn new skills. I am
a team player-I enjoy being a positive outlet for my fellow co-workers and contributed to the success of others. I would like to thank you all, for
your time and consideration. Enclosed is a copy of my resume containing my contact information and my work history. Thanks to all again.
Sincerely, Edgardo M. Dubose To secure a position that will utilize my training and skills in the manufacturing industry to contribute to the success
al Sereno cluulton secon ate) oa cy FRAG w noone Proce Cy ea Ee Beals Pare nUrese |
commumication skills-oral and written A- Ability t remain focus and productive daily while managing repetitive tasks A- Knowledge of chemical
labeling and mixing A- Quality control A: Manufacturing work place A- Operating sit-down Forklift
Highlights

© Immncuhte Customer ServiceA

© Driver Safety Test Certificate
Certified to work with Autistic Individuals
Security Certification- Levels 1, 2, 3
Forklift and Palkt Jack Certificate
Ebiz, Management, professional
Team lead training
Hvac, Emergency
Life crisis buikding evacuation skills
Chemicals Understanding and reaction

schivor anes
01/2014 to 01/2015
Construction Company Name i City , State

© Construction of houses.
* Subcontract with Aslide.

Cray eaC LO MRSS tate

COS So LCA lero emelsllmrsiecmt ecituctelon

* Covers up wood on hone exterior.

01/2014 to 01/2014

Wire-mmn Assembler Company Name i City , State

Assemble Chromatograph.
Build product from scratch.
Inspect all products before use.
Apply cireuit board.

Yo) alread

Wire.

(seca a omc ayernom

Occ Rica m 0)

01/2011 to 01/2013
Wire-mmn Company Name 1 City , State

eat Re cote ema canine bated bod

[Oicotiases eb tremce) team

Wire.

Nise ercinua ve) inluemcceliem micas meieccat ees

Use of power tools and understand the basic of mechanics with tools.
Install and repair electric wire.

BEIT Rey THT aCe RET el noe

Drilland Tap.

Assemble Enclosure.

01/2011 to 01/2012
Security Guard Company Name i City , State

CPO et Leo m Perms eer ome Ce
