QA/QC MANAGER

Summary

QA/QC Manager Qualification Highlights Current Certifications Job 21 years’ experience in the Oil and Gas Industry, Specializing in
Repair/Maintenance and New Construction of Above Ground storage tanks, with 6 years in the QA/ QC field.

Highlights

Microsoft Word, Excel, Weld Pro, Auto-Cad Matt Halderman- |

schivor anes

01/2011 to 11/2016

01/2005 to 01/2008

(OyW ACen iitzon

* Creates, maintains and establishes all WPQ's and WPS's whik alo training and document contro! ofall NDE.
© Initiates, oversees and audits Shop and Shop Inspector.

© Reviews all drawings from the bid phase to procurement.

© Provides Superintendents with proper NDE training and technical support.

© Performcompktion audits on job closing packages.

® Write and develop Weld procedures and can sign ASME Level III procedures.

lOO SheatoM Volcom Quran LOIS MEI HI(c)

© Responsible for day-to-day operations of construction projects, assembled personnel, equipment and mnterials for projects.

© Supervised multiple projects concurrently while providing advice and assisting in the planning of projects awarded for transition from saks to
ererluelice

* Successfil job management of up to as many as 10 Crews/jobs at one time.

COTS urae cen om ba lice

Superintendent / Repair and New Tank Construction Company Name i City , State

¢ Responsible for day-to-day operations on the work-site whik controlling the short term schedule.

Worked closely with Project Managers to maintain quality control and subcontractor coordination responsibilities.
Lead Man/ Repair and New Tank Construction.

Responsible for crew management, QC efforts of the crew, daily and weekly scheduling of the crew.

Hang steeVshell plate and structure for new construction and repair.

Aor ANE a Qe iure lee gon

Welded for multiple Tank companies.

CBI, Tanco, ATV, Bay Tank and Vessel, Cust-O-Fab, Inserv to name a few of the more known companies.
Both New Tank and Repair.

SMAW, FCAW, GMAW, and SAW.

ary re cael beRiceke merehucr cael a

Education

AWS Certified CWI (Certificate # 08110741) API Certified TES (Certificate # 32697) API Certified 653 (Certificate # 42276) ASNT Level III
(Certificate # 245052)

Skills

API, Auto-Cad, closing, Inspector, materials, Excel, Microsoft Word, new construction, personnel, procurement, quality control, sales,
scheduling, shell, technical support, Weld, Welder
