HYDROBLASTING TECHNICIAN 1

[Osheus@)icutie

An enthusiastic, team oriented and polished professional seeking employment with a company that values a proactive attitude and solid arvbition. I
am seeking a rewarding career allowing me to contribute to the growth of the company by increasing productivity and ensuring employer's key

objectives are met.

Sumnnry of Skils
* Carpentry © Excellent Leadership skills
© Building Maintenance COU eraacoa uO le crice
© Environmental Coordination © Efficient Time Management
« Adherence with all Safety Regulations Effective Problem Solving

schivor anes

Company Name June 2014 to Current Hydroblasting Technician 1

lena El CG

© Properly operates hoses on vacuum trucks; hydroblasting guns; and manipulate controls on robotic equipment. Prepare jobsite for hydro
bksting, Monitor hydrobhsting operations.

© Performjob duties ina safe manner, in compliance with policies, procedures and practices. Wear personnel protective equipment (PPE) as
defined by state regulations.

© Correct deficiencies that may cause accidents, injuries, Jost productivity or harm to equipment or that are inconsistent with client's
Reet a eM COSaN Pun) nure enn aa end. wiht ence ol car ce

Company Name November 2012 to June 2015 Construction Assistant
lena El CG

* Performed prep work including masking, sanding and filling hoks. Interior and exterior painting.

© Built and placed plywood/Avall systems; installed doors and windows.

© Constructed concrete forms, poured concrete by pump and bucket barrowed or shoveled. Utilized jack hammers, compressors and power
Rosle MST aCe

Company Name June 2012 to Current Building Maintenance
lena El CG

* Perform general buiding mintenance to include but not limited to theA building grounds, landscaping as well as pressure washing,
© Uses various hand and power tools to repair faucets, plumbing and lighting fixtures.
* Respond quickly to emergency situations and customer concems.

brairestbeny
Knowledge-First Empowerment Academy August 2016 High School Diploma : General Education
Certifications

Sa eee nee
Pa awy OMe eriesiye)
Pees enn es(()
