ASSISTANT PROJECT MANAGER/DESIGN BUILD CONSTRUCTION COORDINATOR
Summary

Highly motivated Civil Engineer with 16 years of experience working for one of North America's largest and most respected construction and
engineering organizations with revenues of more than S11 billion and consistently ranking among the top five contractors by Engineering News-
ower m

My experience with Kiewit has prepared me to successfilly plan and execute projects while promoting safety, quality, schedule, and cost
performance. My career experience ranges from construction design coordinator on a mutti billion dollar design build project, to on-site project
engineering and project management for self-performing heavy civil construction work ranging ftom $545 million to $3.1 million dollars. Excellent
communicator skilled in construction means and methods, cost controls, scheduling, claims analysis and contract administration.

As the Field Engineer and Project Controls Manager on one of the largest design-build project in Maryland she manages approximately 1,000
WBS activities ona P6 schedule. Even affer a six month delay in the award of the project the project will be substantially complete on the original
compktion date. Clara coordinates on a daily basis, incoming and outgoing correspondence, a cost loaded CPM, RFs, modifications, change
orders, and unforeseen fickl conditions that required redesign and schedule modifications to adhere to a hard completion date.

Highlights
¢ Hard Dollar Estimating Training
© Expedition
© Centric
Ca Con yeeis
© Constructware

Accomplishments

* Sixteen years of experience working for one of North America's largest and most respected construction and engineering organizations.

¢ Responsible for the successful strategy, development and execution of time related impact analysis resulting ina $2.6 million net change to
the contract. Even after a six month delay in the award of the project, the project was substantially complete on the original completion date.
Responsible for the development and execution ofa dirt flow impact analysis resulting in a $2 million net change to the contract.

Developed a successfil plan to rephase the bridge construction on a highly traveled weather-darmaged interstate so that the traffic could be
shifted onto the new construction prior to the winter season.

* Project controls Manager for all docurrent contro! and as-built deliverables for over 200 miles of Fiber Optic Network Installation.

schivor anes
09/2013 to Current
Assistant Project Manager/Design Build Construction Coordinator Company Name i City , State

06/2011 to 09/2013
Project Contract Administration Manager Company Name i City , State

Intercounty Connector-Segment B | $550 million | Maryland State Highway Administration (MDSHA) consisted of the construction
OYA OR MORASS ROMA RL LL Le LOL AC LOL APA LO ACL
new pavement section, 65,000 sy of MSE walls, over 80,000 LF of drainage, and 15 bridges totaling over 600,000 sf of deck with

MEL ol Ea PLEA A

© Evaluated and mitigated cost for both the owner and contractor when changes occtrred to the design-build contract

OO Re ARR CR EY ORCA ROD)

© Oversaw project controls on one of the largest design-build projects in Maryland

© Managed approximately 1,000 WBS activities on a P6 schedule

* Coordinated incoming and outgoing correspondence, a cost loaded CPM, RFI's, modifications, change orders, and unforeseen
field conditions that required redesign and schedule modifications to adhere to a hard completion date

ee PAU ROR HCPAU
Structures Project Engineer Company Name i City , State

L-95/-495 Interchange at Telegraph Road | $256 million | VDOT consists of the recontruction of I-495 interchange at Telegraph
Road in Alexandria. The work included 500,000 cy of excavation, 321,000 sf of new pavement, 39,000 If of drainage, 400,000 sy of
base and overlays, 23 retaining and MSE walls, 4 soundwalls, 11 AASHTO/Steel girder ramps/bridges totaling 380,000 sf of deck, 5
RST EE TC
