SENIOR FACILITIES AND CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER

Riterersay

‘Thirty years experience as Manager and Director of Facilities, Project and Construction Management in various challenging environments; twenty
two in Higher Education. *Successfill at managing Facilities, Ops & Systems, M&O and Capital Budgets, Assets, Staffing and Bargaining
Agreements. *Responsibke for 600 acres of property, 150 buildings, 60 Union skilled technical & maintenance staff budget managers,
construction & maintenance managers, grounds and horticulture, custodial staff, transportation & flect managers, shipping & receiving staff post
office managers, sustainability staffand business managers. *Developed and maintained high standards of discretion, integrity, communication,
kadership, life safety & building code compliance, staff student and faculty safety trainng and OSHA compliance *Proven team buiking skils,
quality personnel acquisition, effective success at administering progressive discipline in union environments, abke to create positive organizational
micm yr aidmice ince mcxe none wrecccei a Rall nicnenen id Ma cies Uendncrereuruecr er Mamet cob uc cad
Manager *Facilities and Technology Management *Ekctrical Engineering Technology *Construction Management *Licensed Master Electrician
*Certified Advanced Fire and Security Alarm Designer *Certified in Fiber Optics and Network Connectivity “Supervision, Effective
Communication and Team Building Certifications *Teclmical Strengths Include; Electrical, Fire & Security, Fire Suppression Systems, Life Safety
Systems, HVAC Mechanical Systems, Boilers, Infrastructure Management, Sustainability and Energy Management, AutoCAD, GIS ArcView,
MS Office & Project, Computerized Maintenance Management Prograns. *Certified in Code Compliance (Structural, Gas, Fire, Electrical,
Phorbing, Energy, Life Safety, NFPA and Buikling Codes) *Property inspection, analysis, acquisition, development, planning, zoning and
COSbaben pian at a

Experience

08/2015 to Current

Senior Facilities and Construction Project Manager Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Manage multi-discipline construction, maintenance and lift safety projects.

© Manage technical support staff, contractors, energy providers, life safety & building codes compliance, service contract & project
negotiations, professional consulting finms and various State, City and Federal regulatory agencies.

¢ Roosevelt Island, Manhattan, NY, is a residential community of 15,000 peopk.

© There are 147 acres of property with various types and occupancies, such as; public schools, Cornell University, business, athictic facilities,
avn Ree Bese cn tam

0122012 to 012015
Director of Buikdings Company Name ¥% City , State

© Researched additional property and space for development in accordance with organization objectives.

© Planned strategy and applied tactical measures to ensure the efficient management of assets and resources.

¢ Directed a facilities staff including; trade supervisors, project managers, procurement office, budget management & business office, accounts
payable and a skilled union trade staff of 60.

Directed construction, renovations, repair, energy management, operations and special events for 150 buildings totaling 2 + million sq.
ia

CR he Renee eke iaiha

0122012 to 012015
Director of Buikdings Company Name 1% City , State

PREC o Reenter mecca kecire Tom a sMBineLee beat Orn RC UEl preeonee Mee bilaers] Ene
external to the organization.

Mieco tomorerca i RCrcemronnrhoicma) cages bec bylcageensurates

Manage utility costs and usage; Natural Gas, Propane, Eketricity Commodity & Delivery, Tekephone, Water and Waste Water.

Annual budgeting for capital expenditures, construction, maintenance and operations.

PU CUnelco ene) s

Member of Senior Administrative Tears, such as; Union Bargaining Units Negotiations, Drug Task Force, Emergency Management, Mass
Casualty Incident Management, Master Plan Developrrent and Campus Life Safety.

Ce ee

01/2007 to 01/2008
Project Manager and Estimator Company Name 1 City, State

© Estimated electric projects with values from $25,000 through $2,000,000.
¢ Including high voltage, HVAC control, ekctrical distribution, BMS, emergency power, data center, fiber optic, fire alarm, security aann
and card access.

01/1998 to 01/1999
Facilities and Maintenance Manager Company Nant 1 City , State

© Managed and supervised facilities and plant operations, repairs, renovation projects and maintenance.

01/1994 to 012012
PAGE es Bice ome es leh nee leek @ennehOwn eng Nata OS IE

¢ Managed all facets of the supervision, management and operations related to construction, maintenance and operations.
