REGIONAL SCHEDULE MANAGER,
Summary
Mr. Ginder has been working in the heavy civil construction industry for nearly 20 years. He has been working primarily as a Primavera scheduler

since 2006. The range of the projects vary between kess than $5 million railroad projects to over $1.3 billion light rail projects. The type of
projects range from railroads, muss transit light rail systems, interstate highway projects, and marine bridge projects.

Highlights
© Primavera 6 up to version 8.2

© Tilos Linear Schedule © Enterprise One JD Edwards Cost Software
© Sure Track e Resource and Cost Loaded Scheduks
© MS Project © Primavera Contract Manager / Expedition
© Excel / Word / Powerpoint CePA Or APR U ces oe B Ky
¢ Estimating Software - HCSS CEM bhincaubste ions BwieeesUElaLoenm Byrn share Mil
© Certified Professional Engineer
Accomplishments

Prepared a proposal schedule for a design build project with MnDOT that was key for Ames successfull proposal. Instrumental in developing the
schedules for various design phases and work packages for the first Contract Manager General Contractor (CMGC) project with MnDOT.
Ure entincb irate ctr emurKuens wets eoliecnen CRO R nee nes Oniegrechie Cue Nuccorels Oe RRR ne isn ert ge ona

brairestbeny

BS.E: Civil Engineering , 1991 Colorado School of Mines Civil Engineering
schivor anes

Regional Schedule Manager

Fon MRR RSnsciaGensciivencir chy /ROrh mee

© Prepares proposal and bid schedules for railroads, pump stations, DOT hard bid, DOT design build, and DOT CMGC projects.

* Prepares baseline schedules and updates for the CPM on multiple MnDOT projects including the Dresbach I-90 Bridge Project, MnPASS
design build on I-35E in St. Paul, and the Winona Bridge CMGC project in Winona, MN.

© Interfaces with the project management and estimating teams to prepare, build, and maintain project schedules.

* Provided technical assistance with other Ames projects outside the Midwest Regjon including a Potash mine in Saskatchewan, Canada.

© Provided assistance with the construction cost estimating and takeoff for multiple bids and proposak.

Schedule Manager
January 2010 to February 2013 Company Name i’ City , State

© Houston Metro Light Rail Project (Design Build), Harris County, Houston TX, Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas
Duties include managing a team of corridor schedulers.

Developrent and preparation of the project CPM schedule baseline, mamging monthly progress updates to the schedule, and numerous
revenue projection forecasts and schedule reports.

PERG oe iMunustreRCe ib Sctiomnc icc elln Omi Lo MMT UUCIT tia cM RLS SITS MTUSB UU OM ROLLS Ka
Dees om role iee esta neat nese Seu CcCe LOS e LOINC anes ccd

Project Cost: 1.25 billon for entire program Assistant Project Engineer / Project Controls Houston Metro Light Rail Project (Design Buikd),
Harris County, Houston TX, Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas Duties include development and preparation of the
project CPM schedule, cost loading the CPM, adding monthly progress to the schedule, and preparing cash flow reports.

DU OM rar uce opine neem CMICCE Mo CERRO Mi LCeN OU e@eie comedies Oren Mulla erp gislces

Project Cost: $1.25 billion for entire program (400 million for North Corridor).

Corridor Scheduler
February 2008 to January 2010 Company Name i City , State

Worked as the North Corridor scheduler for the Houston Light Rail Project. Duties included preparing the schedule through numerous phases of
design development, cost loading resources, and providing schedule and cost projection information to support limited Federal fimding for the
project.

Pe UO neatAu ieee Olam clLome ee edacerc tad
January 2004 to February 2008 Company Name i City , State

© 183A Toll Road Project (Design Bud), Williamson County, Cedar Park TX, Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority.

* Duties include constructability review of design documents, presenting aesthetic concepts and cost to the agency, preparation and
negotiation of change orders with the agency, preparation of the project CPM schedule and draw payments to the agency, assisted in the
preparation of subcontracts.

© Project Cost: $178 million.

estes
