Loui Gewa ciel icici

Profile

Detail oriented and motivated Chemical Engineer with strong research, analytical and problem solving skills seeks a position in the industry. Team
player with proven strengths in customer relationship management, leadership, and communications skills. Demonstrated ability to multitask, and
work under pressure to meet critical deadlines. Fluent Hindi-Urdu, English

Areas of Expertise

Site Manager, Gamry VistaShield, and Microsoft Office Design Software: Matlab, Aspen Plus Inmging skills: SEM, Microscopic Imaging Key
Qualities: Excellent management and interpersonal skills, Reliable, Responsible, Resourcefitl, Quick keamer, Organized, Hard-worker who takes
pride ina job well done. Selfmotivated, Very friendly, enjoy helping others.

Professional Experience

January 2015

to

December 2016

OUT Ne Noe AEE CL Ong orunoad

MeO cac hc G bexued ul Moacloomne mi sicrpeck ce cates iilin msn saORarsinial a Mona Cor aSe rte ety

customers are provided with safe and reliable electric service.

Evaluated Utility's budget and program in rate Cases; Reviewed Utility's Emergency Response Plan, Research and Development, and

ASSIST E Cel rel NSIT Lm

Corer MU Pence conan esel CE yvare ce escbewe Suni) erences

Perel bre Bi secota Dodou mlncuer nicer biel icea nec cnn keene com ID MTR aay cok Mente Sc el Rina oid
and line extension permits, underground and overhead facility ruks, and electric construction and maintenance regulations.

© Researched technical reports, long-range planning studies and other data to obtain information and made recommendations.

Developed data for engineering and operational studies involving Public Service Commission cases.

June 2014

ive)

Peron rawAt Cs

Company Name City , State Transportation Construction Inspector

BES oon c tye oni om aoe ERO eM ONCE oca Ore Caran Err eme Carta

Pile omiauctnne Rennie tysael el eice

OMS oa UAL ome nee Ral ami sncutenkearnce te braicce Biles etm

¢ Assisted in conducting air content tests, slump tests, and in obtaining cylinders for subsequent load tests on concrete Verified thickness of"
the layer of terials placed and maintained As built as the work was completed.

© Updated and retrieved information as required.

Se ees RClel seem reLccmntn be onece ae tiaee

Archived correspondence and kept record of daily work tickets and field pictures.

oy

April 2013

to

May 2014

Company Name Research Assistant

¢ Laboratory for Nanoparticle Modification and Assembly Mentor Prof

Ilona Kretzschmar Provided research support to faculty member and assisted PhD students with research related to the Dye Sensitized
Solar Cells.

Pure E policeman ence eblved lee Ona

Acquired data using Gamry VistaShield instrument and Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy software.

Assembled and characterized titanium dioxide inverse opal structures.

Fabricated dye-sensitized solar cells using ionic liquid electrolytes and investigated the performance of the cells using ionic electrolytes.
Performed Physical Vapor Deposition of Platinum and Titanium on FTO slides.

Olresiiceb nm isualnlnctssluecloMaCRatciietcs aa

Senior Design-I- Simulation Production of Ammonia from Shale Gas Designed a process flow system (PFD) to synthesize ammonia from
shale gas using ASPEN-Plus simulation software.

Determined equipment sizes and rating based on the operating specifications.

© Comprehensive economic analysis of overall process was done to determine feasibility of the process Senior design-II- Simulation
Production of Ethylene via Dehydration of Ethanol Designed a simulation process to produced ethylene via ethanol dehydration with
commercial gamm-alumina catalyst.

Modeled dehydration of ethanol using the Peng-Robinson equation of state.

Products of dehydrations were separated by a flash drum, absorption cohum, and cryogenic and distillation columns.

eas riecRonubetbentia cena ortiLes (aS IN Ae al eRe) erecce

Seo rirecB tuned arctccetial wick Ob coke eRe uC miTerle inane steeccce

Kinetics and Mass Transfer Effects of'a Chemical Reaction in Batch Reactor Analyzed the kinetics and rss transfer effects for the reaction
between citric acid and sodium bicarbonate.

tot ec lfc kun KMor bale kacnined ie eniey gill yelie aril asroa (sek obreebes eke karts

ry Ce ee ee eT ry
