SIG) OEI BEEN) DUN
S
Energetic Construction Manager consistently involved in all facets of construction. Specialty in commercial interior renovation and some residential
oer creme ECL naar seminar Oey
Highlights
¢ Penmit processing
SSiiaticameaesciialony
RET ea Es orscctie)
Blueprint fluency © Computer-skilledMS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and MSProject Proficient in AutoCAD, Revit
Power and hand tooloperation © ?
MS Office proficient
Organized and detail-oriented
Stecubelearraney ace

PXwwedie sisnipenicy

Graduated from ITT Tech with an Associates degree in drafting and design, and a Bachelors degree on construction management. Duties requires
Lee eer eS UL coat ceeds ae aCe on SRS coon een Lesnar nb teen eaten y
and RFI's to the architect and/or owner for project compktion. | also worked with tools installing doors, windows, patching, painting walls, and
some concrete work. Also with my skills as a designer, I was abke to produce numerous amounts of shop drawings for subcontractors with the
owner in order to be able to meet deadlines for the construction management team. as a Area Soe arly Wises ako eSB ent (llatee
PSO Wr om na cramNllecsr nossa Rca ctr hr ate rt OMAP ICR eet anole Um irUcgs arse brane (oe ETy
order to achieve a fluent and progressive project.A

Experience

Company Name February 2012 to Current Superintendant

Leanne

Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts. Carefillly coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming

SoD INES Roa ate oadca a eke Gy Ue OP GSel armor ocr el uaae accoldinet inane ecco ntecn nine
contract. Followed through with competent execution of project plans by providing proper tools and equipment to all construction personnel.
Performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits. Accurately provided status information on project progress
to the project management. Efficiently recorded and rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site. Monitored the safety of all construction
activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority. Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all onsite
Srew MO uniecertccka tony ccnetrd compliance certifications fromall of the construction administration consultants. Led and managed
eco Mea aE OR Uns oles muei tuber eeine Renin cc en ps nl baee

LED TCARN

"Dermecare": (Comercial Interior Renovation) A

Poi cae ese KNIT

Responsibilities:

project had to be done by do date ifnot our company would be resporsibk for liquidating damages.

Supervise, coordinate, direct, a team of subcontractors. worked directly with architect and interior designer, i was POSSE Educate ait
project ftom scheduling subcontractors, formulating daily report, and formulating strategies to be able to accomplish task.A Assigned projects and
tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties A Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general
contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants. Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications fromall of the construction
administration consultants. Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.

"Skyzone": (Interior Built outa

price of project: 700,000+

responsibilities:

Supervise, coordinate, direct, a team of subcontractors. worked directly with Structural Engineer, i was involved with all aspects of the project
from scheduling subcontractors to buikding permanent platforms and attaching stairs to mezzanine, formulating daily report, and formulating
strategies to be able to accomplish task. Followed through with competent execution of project plans by providing proper tools and equipment to
See SLL Seo lea mean g ya ESOS NON COON eels uct OnE ee [sas irartearnaneecli es ariymincenct cet s|
rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site. Monitored the safety ofall construction activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority .
Sno Bl Gur crae onuaecuunmenceib cant amr pcan soe

Pie (del MMT Ie AR ROE TROT

project Price:$500,000

Supervise, coordinate, direct, a team of subcontractors. worked directly with architect and interior designer, i was DONS RUE ES eect gl
project fom scheduling subcontractors, formulating daily report, and formulating strategies to be able to accomplish task.A Assigned projects and
tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties.A Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and sampks among the general
contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants.Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from alll of the construction
Binnie eee inner (ede pylaude sullideananceiriacscnectl tine tem

‘(pictures Upon Request)A

2

Company Name February 2010 to February 2012 Superintendent / permit runner / design coordinator
LORI
this company allowed me to grow with ina short couple of months, i displayed a great amount of responsibility and ability to comprehend the task
