DIRECTOR OF PIPELINE OPERATIONS
Executive Profile

Tnnovative executive operations director with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration

Skill Highlights
Ce grr comuiceerenaich a cir ae grees Daw eslerse
© Leadership/Communication skills © Change Implementation
© Business Operations Organization © Project Estimating
© Budget Administration © New Business Developrrent
* Negotiations © Report Matrix Development
¢ Public Relations ¢ Customer-Oriented
© Quality Control © Operations Management
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Project Management: A
© Initiated several capital expansion projects which resulted in achieving projects being compkted on time and under budget.
Oe exe

* Managed pipeline operations including fickl operations and engineering.
Cie scirelcemilGiiedbe rcs ocRO Plamen bam Nice nL cacn
© Instituted new processes for operational management.

Staff Development: A

© Reorganized, hired and mentored staff to mamage projects.
© Launched well-received program of professional development for newly created departments for non-union and union staf
¢ Mentored and coached employees resulting in a significant increase in productivity.

Professional Experience

September 2011

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Director of Pipeline Operations

* Strengthened company’s business by leading implementation of reorganized processes including gas control, engineering and design, project
management, pipeline and compression systems, integrity managerrent, and facility optimization and pipeline fuel process fimetions.
PicccMincciicsledii ena asielee erro Miemms ant a ihmcslckmarlenicmibenyicetailea ay

* Spearheaded and directed the procurement of indirect employees and contractors engaged in the operation and maintenance of natural gas
facilities and related equipment across varied work locations.

Headed the operation with a focus to safety, compliance, reliability, efficiency, cost management, innovation and working together.

Manage construction and O&M activities to ensure company procedures are followed and that compliance is maintained relative to all
applicable local, state and federal regulatory requirements.

Successfilly built and operated several new Interconnects with total new capacity to the overall system of 1,120,000 MDTHD over a period
of 3 years and all projects were built on time and on budget.

Successfilly implemented, built and operated two new expansion compressor stations in 2013 and 2014 with total HP of 28,300 and each
facility was built on time and on budget ($88.3M) even though both were built during winter construction time Ines among other challenges.
Total new system capacity of 317,500MDTD was realized.

Developed network modeling protocol including roll out of validation of former modeling work which enabled to further expand modeling
capabilities including operational modeling so Gas Control can utilize more real time scenarios to fither ensure our pipelines reliability.

© Lead in ivproverrent of multi-year contract agreements with various partner entities which operate pipeline system including engineering,
operations, commercial, legal, EHS, project management, ROW and other service.

Developed new Capital and O&M budgeting process to ensure accountability of operations and project management groups as projects
Becta a ccm remiss ce bid hd noma haem my Ereccos cece p uc cuctcnce ibe La ain MAR Lee EE arti
25% budget success rate when I began.

Worked with executive team on development ofa five year business plan to ensure sustained financial growth by developing expansion
scenarios of pipeline system that would help sustain said growth to 2020. From this, three viable expansion projects are in various stages of
moving forward, one was just approved for FERC pre-filing process (May 2015) witha capital outlay estimate at $39.8M.

January 2010

to

September 2011

Company Name City , State Senior Project Manager
