CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Professional Summary
Motivated Construction Manager highly eflective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. Strong
knowkdge ofA building construction andA civil engineering principks and concepts. I collaborate successfilly with staffand contractors to
compkte multi-million dollar projects.
Skills
© OSHA Certified
Excellent customer relations
Subcontractor management
Knowledgeable in construction safety
Best building practices
Interior and exterior renovation
Scaffolding
[Ave tasubecetoneacs * Project scheduling
Fall Protection Plan (FPP) * State Certified as an Erosion and Sedimentation Control Inspector.
Strong interpersonal skills © Held and recertified in Field Concrete Testing, Soils and Aggregate
Design experience Compaction,A Nuckar Gauge Safety and Hot Mix Asphalt field.
Project scheduling © Panned, Designed and built Custom Homes.
SETH ate at ie Roe an aoc} © Subject Matter Expert in all construction trades
NACA cp ovete mine iecnieenniced
(Oe isucdog
Designed and built custom homes.
© Considered a Subject Matter Expert in all
construction trades.A
Held State Certifications in Concrete Field,
Asphalt Field, Soils and Aggregate.

Work History
(Ooisneat oem yolsom CPW OUyZPA00 Cs
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Performconstruction Management and/or construction Inspection duties involving the erection of new structures; the installation of
equipment and systems; or the alteration or major repair of existing structures, accomplish studies and design work of complex, conventional
nature and, provide technical expertise and guidance to the Contracting/Engineering team during negotiations of individual delivery orders.

© Serve as the Construction Manager at multiple construction sites and is responsible for overseeing the design and construction of projects
involving large scale state facilities and infrastructures which involve managing sizable monetary expenditures and rigid time frames for
oon aterm

© Manage Observe and investigates construction at all stages to identify possible probkervs in contractor's work performance and in delivered

materials and equipment and Compkte the contractors Performance Evaluation.

Performs biddability, constructability, and environmental reviews of plans and specifications to determine whether documents are clear and

materiak are readily availble.

Reviews plans and specifications to determine whether the project will be completely functional.

Schedule and perform progress meetings and conférence with the contractor to resolve differences of opinion.

Acts as technical representation by interpreting and clarifying drawings and/or sketches, specifications and other proposal documents during

the delivery order procurement process.

* Prepares reports reflecting the progress of construction activities, site and weather conditions, and any construction delays or unusual
Chane

© Reviews and approves contractors’ payment estimates against construction progress measurement data, and reports of mterials and
equipment used against information gathered from field inspections and survey reports.

© Coordinates construction operations with contractors and, where applicabk, using agency representatives, and ensures that using agency is

pilfeletpue Re Kueiciureh et Rarttts

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.

Obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve

critical issues.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.

Worked with construction administration consultants to plan fick observations on schedule.

Digitally archived weekly progress and technical é€ocKnowledge Basea€ photographs ofall assigned projects.

Prepared and followed through on all required punch lists.

Oversaw the entire building tumover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management.

Offered direction to landscape architects on all landscaping projects.

Conducted routine quality audits to ensure that work was progressing per the specifications and initiated corrective actions.

Guided and directed third-party inspectors through project construction, commissioning and closeout.

Impkmented systems to improve process efficiency and reduce the project duration.
