CONSTRUCTION PROJECT COORDINATOR.
Summary

Tam seeking a competitive and challenging enviroment where I can serve your organization and establish an enjoyable career for

myself Advanced knowledge of SBS programs Natural leader and skilled mediator who excels at bringing out the best in all employees. Innovative
Manager seeks position offering opportunities for new professional and personal challenges. Self-starter with a positive, can-do attitude who is
driven to learn, improve and succeed.

Highlights
*Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Google Applications AMP and Jasper Soft.
QuickBooks, Business analysis
¢ Forecasting
Business analysis © Exceptional time management
FS alls
eee Recut Came anerc Thi
5 © Leadership mentoring
Be * Tactical execution
Forecasting PaO ito EL
© Teambuiking
*Effective Problem Solver through strong conflict resolution skills Ce Stoinccopialestanaig
methodology

*Experience working with client and coworkers fiom diverse backgrounds

schivor anes
Construction Project Coordinator Dec 2014 to Dec 2015
Company Name - City , State

© Operations/Construction Project Coordinator PECO SBS Program, BGE SES ProgramPrioritized project components and organized
scopes. Liaised directly with customers to meet needs and muintain satisfaction. Stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all
installations. Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract Maximized company revenue by meeting program
goals. Assisted the project manager as needed ona daily bases on all new contract and projects.

Office Administrator Jul 2013 to Dec 2015
Company Name - City , State

© with adherence to contract documents including plans, specifications, permits, technical elements, scheduling activities, and estimates.

Coordinates project scheduling and communication.

Assists in managing data throughout; the life ofa project.

Achieving predetermined objectives of'scope, cost, time, quality, and participant satisfaction.

Understanding and conformance with laws and regulations, pertaining to all projects.

Maintaining good client relations, client confidence, and enhancing prospects for future business.

Duties and Responsibilities Completion of control estimate Set up and maintenance of files according to Policies and Procedures

Managenent of daily affairs to stay on budget and on schedule Customer satisfaction Material management at jobsites Prompt pricing and

settling of change orders and be a team member.

© Setting priorities to achieve goals Personal project log Solicitation of additional electrical scope to existing contracts; reconciles work as
built.

© Knowledge of ficki/construction/electrical experience.

© Handks Projects with a professional and positive attitude! Property and Casualty Insurance.

Marketing Assistant Jun 2013 to Jul 2013
Company Name - City , State

¢ Scaccetti Insurance and Financial
© Provides assistance in coordinating company marketing.
© Marketing assistant provides administrative support to the marketing team by answering phones, generating reports, and keeping records.

Administrative Coordinator Jan 2006 to Jul 2012
Company Name - City , State

© Served clients by being the official first point of contact into the organization and responded to their needs Maintained financial records for
donations, grants, memberships, and vendors Manually posted and reconciled checks backups and provided bookkeeping assistance for
the Accounting Departirent Liaison between inmntes, family members and volunteers to advocate for resolution of concems and issues
Occurring in state and county facilities Ensured all confidentiality requirements were met Created and maintained database which included
records ofall communications between the organizations And goverment agencies Navigated multi step communications protocol needed
to complete quarterly reporting of official visitor.
