CONSTRUCTION SERVICES PROJECT MANAGER
Summary

Dedicated A Property/ Facilities Specialist A with more thanA. 10 years overseeing a diversified portfolio of commereial properties totaling over 1
million square feet and residential properties with a combined total of over 1,000 units. Successful and experienced manager poficientA in
budgeting, planning, bidding, purchasing, staffing, supervision and Preeranawslomeneice mecca mee ble bres ental paellcacmrats (onary
customer relations, marketing, sales, leasingA andA colkctionsA versed in all aspects of operating, maintaining, easing, marketing, staffing,
financial reviews and budgeting is secking a permanent position as a Facilities Specialist/ Property Manager .

Highlights
© Multi-family property management
[Avie bmsseraeicen ete
Mortgages and loans
Sales and marketing
RNiceRernianccag © Proficient at portfolio due diligence
Microsoft Office
Knowledge of easing and market conditions
New construction, renovation, remodeling and remediation
Flexible scheduk

Accomplishments

Decreased operating costs by [Number] % by implementing new cost control procedures. Implemented new rent colkection procedures, increasing
rental incor for [Year] . Developed annual budgets, including determining short and long-term goals to support the overall profit and growth
objectives. Managed a portfolio consisting of approximately [Number] sites comprising approximately [Number] square feet. Trained and
mentored [Number] new employees each year.

schivor anes

01/1994 to 01/2008

Construction Services Project Manager Company Name iA City , State

¢ Provided construction management services, including crisis management, project analysis, buid-outs and marketing of nonperforming
development projects for financial institutions.

Responsible for analysis of project design to identify alternatives, reduce costs and recommend changes for greater savings.

Negotiate with bidders, supervise contracting and hiring.

Supervision of professionals including legal, real estate, engineering, architectural and trades to insure top performance.

Successfilly completed development, construction and sales over 2000 residential units and over 1M sq. ft. of commercial and industrial
property for principals and institutional owners.

01/1988 to 01/1992
President and Manager Company Name it City , State

¢ A Managed a 250 unit townhouse development prior to and after foreclosure and sale of the project.

* Successfill and profitable completion the reining units and site improverrents while positively interacting with residents and local officials.

© Managed [Number] commercial properties totaling over [Number] square feet.

© Achieved the highest possible net operating income by implementing cost control and revenue improvement programs. Oversaw budgeting
Freceecce OM IN tnnnadmcciueetiecunei Lacs

01/1981 to 01/1983
President and Manager Company Name it City , State

© Managed a 200 unit townhouse development after a bankruptcy and sale of the project.
© Successfilly completed the remaining units and site improverrents while positively interacting with residents and local officials.

OAR Or eds
Facilities Manager Company Name 14 City , State

Conducted the planning, budgeting, purchasing, and implerrentation ofall facilities operations and tenant improverments for multiple
shopping, office and industrial buildings.

Responsible for purchasing all maintenance supplies, supervising property and system maintenance, landscaping, snow removal.

HVAC, sprinkler, electrical, parking lot and roofing inspections, repair and routine maintenance.

Supervised and scheduled all maintenance fimctions to support daily operations.

Responsible for contracting ofall capital and tenant improverrent projects; supervision of onsite personnel and contractors, supervision of
repairs, remodeling, custodial crew, grounds crew, and supporting services.

Responsible for supervising approximately 55 employees in 12 buildings on 395 acres of land; and all maintenance and service equipment
such as lot sweepers, floors scrubbers, compressors, HVAC equipment, generators and electric tools.

Achieved the highest possible net operating income by implementing cost controland revenue improvement prograns.
