CONSTRUCTION MANAGER

Ritnerstay

Energetic Construction yoy CURSOR ATM Ce RB ecceN Mined el acem src cig eat cc AN POW ged nowy westerns Rell

Sol inrena et hy industryA regulations and construction, providing expert direction in alll aspects ofA contract construction.A Strong leadership
and communication skill. | amable to recognize problems and solve themand a full understanding the important of forming a strong relationship
with the owners and engineers for the good of the project and future work. I work close with the safety side of the projects with a understanding
how important safety is for the crew and the company.

dS Hania ney
¢ Strong managerment skills
PVs Wecnti cel , aired
© OSHA Certified Renee rte Ts
, Bes yodente ¢ Abk to forma strong and experienced team for all phases
© Specifications API GA; SL; 15D; 1104; 653 ASTM A36; A350; Raye
A694;392; AWS DI1.! © Computer strong
© Ckear and strong Verbal skills
© Very oriented and organized
Accomplishments

ManagedA $20mto 120mA projects, whik supervising a team ofA 40 to 265A workers. I have a proven record of safe job sites, I have the
EAC ONES CUNO aS ORR ONe eC Use Sa deconstruct e i recca

1. Managed safe job sites.

2. Managed shut downs at Kennecott mine, BarrickA Gold strike, GSL, all mining,

3. Managed several Tank farms API 650, 653, 620, 651,652

4. Managed Pipe line projects fromstart to finish.

5. Managed new facilities civil, pipe, structural, Tanks

v4

?

?

Experience

(ese evn ync

February 2014 to May 2016 Company Nan - City, State

ResponsibilitiesA are Manage the construction of the API tanks and facility along with the pipe line from the port to the facility including all drilling
under the raihvay and inner coastal. x

Port Hudson I managed the erecting of the API tanks and pipe line from the river to the tanks. A

Managed 12 tanks being erected Port Hudson, Scenic, Port Allen

[@sicuietomiiiieg

March 2008 to January 2014 Company Nanr - City , State

Kennecott Construction Manager for the Shut down installed solar turbine and Boiler to produce ekctricity.
Barrick Gold strike Construction manager of the 85 API tanks project and the structural, civil work

GSLA Managed the building of the punp stations 6 total

Denham mine A retired mine site back on line all new pipe lines and mechanics, shakers silos conveyer belts
Pacific Pipeline Fontana Ca,

2

2

I Wiloesuaicae meson aten yong

January 2003 to January 2008 Company Name - City , State

HattiA - Managed the set up and all logistics to working over seas project 6 tanks and the facility pipe line and pump stations.
New Mexio- Pipe line 17 mike long into the existing facility and built new API tanks 4.

WyontngA Dougkas, Pronghom facility $ new tanks and all the facility pipe meter skids pump station rail way.

en

High Schoo! Diplo : 12 Jones High - City, State , usa

26 years in the industry from the ground up and the last 15 years as a Project Construction Manager.

T leamed the industry fiom the field and today I have 15 years of Managing the projects and a real good track record.
aly

2

Sea Beet SOO Meee Oe eeo urbe caboose rune ecm Nearer ean UL nemo nae Vien cet Llane
manage staff meetings. A Very knowledge in theA Pipe line, Tanks, Facilities, Mechanical, Civil, een
