CONSTRUCTION HELPER
Summary
Hardworking and Experienced Construction Worker who is dependabk, reliable and knowledgeable about the tools, materials and methods used

in construction. Motivated to get along well with others and exceed expectations. With three years of experience in the carpentry trade and
eretiiE ate a

Highlights
© Residential construction ¢ Excellent driving record
© Leadership © Strong communication skills
* Exceptional problemsolver =e Friendly and hardworking
© Sandbagging © Detaiboriented
Accomplishments

Led a crew of eight general construction laborers.
Successfiilly ran a general contracting business of two houses.

schivor anes
July 2008 to January 2010
Company Name City , State Construction helper

Extensively trained in carpentry, painting, plastering, machine servicing and installation. Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.

Removed old roofing materials in an efficient manner. Installed and repaired roo&, flashings and surfaces. Completed indoor and outdoor residential
and commercial construction projects.Swept and cleaned roof to prepare them for the application of new roofing materials. Applied paint to
unfinished edges of plastic panels using a hand roller. Arranged and stored materials, machines, tools and equipment.Cut materials to specified sizes
for installation using power saws and tile cutters. Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites. Worked with tools such as pruning
saws, hedge and brush trimmers and axes.

May 2007 to September 2007
Company Name City , State Carpenter Helper

Tnstalled cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding Built and stained oak casing and hardwood floors.Constructed custom built-in bookshelves
for residential home office areas.Set windows and layouts for stairs and common raffers.Ordered materials and made material stock
recommendations.

brairestbeny
September 2010

General English course, Leeds University, UK. * December 2009-January 2010: Computer course, ALAzhar University.

May 2011

Azhar University

OTe oaraNd

B.A Religions, Al Dawah and Islamic Culture - Grade: Very Good, the second top student in the section.

December 2013

fivep teers Onna

Nei

General English course, Westem Michigan University. USA. August 2013: Academic English course, Colorado State University. USA January
2013: A course in American literature, the American embassy in Cairo. February 2013: Academic Writing course, AMIDEAST in Cairo. June
2012: English for Islamic purposes

December 2012

General English course, AMIDEAST in Cairo. *October 2009-June 201 1: General English Course, A-Azhar English Training Center. *
September 2011: Democracy dialogue course, A-Adur English Training Center.
August 2011

Wietan rie ES ickoe toma erm SUSI Tesla enol

Pate

[CeceRao eee one a wml URE) asym

pinay

2014: presented in Midwest Popular Culture Association Conference about "Arab American Culture through the Mawlid: Muslim Devotional
Gatherings in the Midwestem United States" 2015: presented in Global Halal: Muslim and Cultural Politics of the Permissible conference about
"the Penmissibility of Maulid celebration among Muslim American in Chicago" Extracurricular Activities: Doing my masters about Muslims in
