PROJECT & CONSTRUCTION MANAGER

Ritirersag

Experienced Project Manager with Auto CAD background, executing luxury custom residential projects from bidding to competion, maintaining
industry-leading Quality standards, and implementing CAD technologies for major capability gains.A Highly skilled in keading cross-fimctional
teams, liaising with contractors and extemal agencies, and ensuring or-time compktion project milestones. Abk to excel in demanding
environments and introduce Best Practices.

Highlights
¢ Residential construction
CRBS) ronrnsiexeiiey Pr UEC otnersreBiLeeniiatemiciacaane
Ce Betas) Advanced knowkdge of construction management processes, means and methods
Ci Sector antcaay Expert knowledge of bung products, construction details and relevant rules, regulations and quality
Cee Scolonaennrgrooecel standards
CRSeneceoier tives ter sais Understanding ofall facets of the construction
© Detailoriented Schedule the project in logical steps and budget time required to meet deadlines.
© Friendly and hardworking Familiarity with construction management software packages Ability to plan and see the 4€abig
OM ronnie ely picturea€
¢ Accurate measurements and (Oe ecole ennleeeReplsonan@ sexes one bese nweB anon ene
Shia) 7
¢ Auto CAD rN
Accomplishments

Turned around projects. Took numerous projects tumed over to me because they were behind schedule and over budget and tumed them
Potneb breast tinlecrmncccennnntrcnce.

Restored customer relationships. Built trusting relationships with dissatisfied customers at risk of litigation, converting them to happy and loyal.
Facilitated subcontractor upgrades. Identified subcontractors with quality and value gaps and replaced them with others who could deliver to
higher standards.A

Built the brand through a community project. Took over a job to build an affordable foster home for a church, The project was faltering
without direction, plans, or finding. Secured plans, permits, and finding to compkete the project, building an 8-bedroom, 9-bath foster home
Pewimiccdnzeomcacre contradic

Project Manager A during the construction of Five international Fumiture Retail stores in Egypt. I was the first Project Manager to work in this
RUT Cor cacon teeaeee tence we

Experience

Company Name August 2014 to April 2016 Project & Construction Manager

OAR HCP CON Eel cc Rr Com ieee ce i nocecniEl sO cece e c CRICK nonin aut sy) ccm re nemin melt cuey
residential construction projects Handle all new-start announcements, do the intake for bids, and decide which contractors to use. Review building
plans and contracts to obtain permits and licensing, Review project in depth to schedule deliverabkes and sub contractors as needed. Oversee all
on-site and off-site construction to monitor compliance with building codes and client needs and selections. Review work progress on a daily basis,
plan ahead to prevent problems and resolve any emerging ones, and do hands-on probkm solving. Facilitate meetings with owners, construction
Pi LoRMnne Rho om b Lorena bad bieles nc reali cmh ATS iB Ronee eto LOMO ne ania nm neh neko dua ven
deliverabks, to make sure they're ready with any needed change orders, purchase orders, or other preparation to prevent delays and mis-steps.
Personally complete punch out tasks requiring a broad skill set ftom making minor fixes to addressing complex structural issues, such as stucco
work, truss repair, drywall repair, installing appliances, and hanging light fixtures.A

Company Name January 2012 to January 2014 Interior Designer

ASC

¢ Asan Interior Designer for the largest furniture retailer in the U.S., I designed, developed, and oversaw implementation of floor plans,
electrical, merchandise, paint, and signage--all to meet specifications of time, quality, and budget.
¢ [adapted plans to maintain the Ashley brand inside and out while accommodating municipality requirements.

Company Name Jamary 2004 to January 2011 Bartender
(ean

© Whik going to school fulltime (2008-2011) I supported myselfas a bartender where I strengthened my customer rehtions skills.

Company Name Jamary 2004 to January 2008 Permt Coordinator
Ce ARSI1CG

¢ Asa Permit Coordinator for this regional permitting service, I served more than 70 municipalities, helping builders cut through red tape and
expedite the permitting process.

¢ By understanding the technical specifications of the construction, and buikding trusting relationships with builders and municipalities, I was
abk to help buikders save time, and often money, in the permitting process.

Education

eS ors Resume cere Neon gud RerucieM odie ecm sn orom Besulm@ncusllel pKcoinmee mesure
Blond og

WARRIOR LEADER COURSE (WLC) 2003 Leadership WLC, formerly called Primary Leadership Development Course (PLDC), is the first
