CONSTRUCTION FOREMAN
Summary
Looking for a challenging and rewarding fiture ina healthy and competitive organization and to expose my knowledge, experience and potential
through hard work and dedication. I offer myselfas an excellent team player with honesty, dynamism and commitment. Over 8 years of'success in
overseeing multi-million dollar building construction and renovation projects from beginning through occupancy. Proven track record of safely and
eflectively operating a wide range of construction equipment; excavators, backhoes, loaders, forklifis and mechanized trenchers. Demonstrated
ability to effectively manage a team of up to 10 construction workers performing a variety of activities. Conversant with conducting project
briefings and assigning daily work tasks to construction workers. Particularly effective in working within allocated budgets.
Highlights

* CONSTRUCTION FOREMAN

© Project Scheduling

© Empowennrent

* Reguhtory Compliance

© Planning and Budgeting

CO rava\ alsa uns

PREG iiceen (ore rat en

schivor anes
(Oo rsnret ees ceatisy
March 2009 to Current Company Name ¥% City , State

© Develop construction crews for daily tasks Ensure all task comply with project protocols Coordinate construction projects in ters of
supplies and resources Manage construction budgets as appropriated Monitory daily construction operations for quality management and
accuracy Track costs as instructed Perform performance inspections on a regular basis Carry out construction duties when the project calls
for it Report progress and incidents to managers and customers Choose and acquire materials needed for construction projects Facilitated
the speed ofan urgent construction project by providing relevant resources and keeping quality in check Trained new hires in construction
work protocol over three years.

(Ovioneat oe gears
March 2009 to Current Company Name ¥% City , State

* Develop construction crews for daily tasks Ensure all task comply with project protocols Coordinate construction projects in terms of
supplies and resources Manage construction budgets as appropriated Monitory daily construction operations for quality management and
accuracy Track costs as instructed Perform performance inspections on a regular basis Carry out construction duties when the project calls
for it Report progress and incidents to managers and customers Choose and acquire materials needed for construction projects Facilitated
the speed ofan urgent construction project by providing relevant resources and keeping quality in check Trained new hires in construction
work protocol over three years.

(Osan ead
February 2005 to March 2009 Company Nanr iA City , State

* Cleaned construction site as directed Used materials and equipment to dig and shovel debris Built construction sites using nups and
blueprints Laid bricks and plastered cement as instructed Used forklifts to move equipment from one place to another.

(Osan ead
February 2005 to March 2009 Company Nanr iA City , State

© Cleaned construction site as directed Used materials and equipment to dig and shovel debris Built construction sites using nups and
blueprints Laid bricks and plastered cement as instructed Used forklifts to move equipment from one place to another.

brairestbeny
High Schoo! Diplomm : 2002 COMMUNITY SCHOOL i City , State
Accomplishments

© Qualification Specialization Name of Institution Year of Passing I-T.C.
Ekctrical Engineering KCM Industrial Training Centre, Koonamavu.

1982 S.S.L.C.

Academic G.H.S.

Kadungapuram 1980 Professional Summnry: Job Profile Employer Period Electrical Visitor Ahlia Cement Company, Libya June 2015 to till
date Electrical Foreman Al Harmd Contracting Company, UAE.

From 1988 to 2010 21 Years Areas of Specialization: Light and Power wiring,
DB Termination.

tne ctaer sind

Sound knowledge in electrical lay-outs and schematic diagrams.

HT & LT cable ying, glanding and termimation.

Testing & commissioning of projects.
