CONSTRUCTION AND DESIGN PROJECT MANAGER

Summary

Seasoned Design and Construction Project Manager with more than 13 years' experience in minaging multinillion projects in the US and abroad.
Expertise in coordinating and overseeing all aspects of design and construction, from conceptualization to completion, while providing continuous
status reports to business owners and investors. Proven track record ofachieving construction goals and consistently completing projects on time
and budget. Fluency in English and Italian with working knowledge of Spanish and French. Seeking to leverage success and experience to take
next career step ina challenging project managerment position with a respected institution in Connecticut.

Skills

Sage Timberline Software, Compeat, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access)

schivor anes

Construction and Design Project Manager 10/2002 to Current Company Name City , State

Oversee all facets of project management for several muttimillion-dollar restaurant and residential projects in New York City and London,
including contract negotiations and administration, project estimation, material purchasing, budget management, and site management;
managed design and construction for 10 projects to date.

Coordinate with owner and investors during pre-construction phase to develop requirements, scopes of work, and budgets; execute and
manage budget and schedules from conception to completion.

CME Olesiaaiclcom anon luncm ei craicMalt Cb diccdec octamer nee en Esl Gum eecsu Lama ea cMcFece rire Omerne Bienes Ke
© Partner with architects to solicit bids for construction and design, assess bids, and award contracts.

Manage selection and hiring of design and construction subcontractors, and work with both teams to achieve milestones on time and on
yhesnaa

Document observations and photograph ongoing design and construction work, produce field reports, and regularly communicate project
RIDE OB Canal bool \iee tA

¢ Investigate issues and expedite resolution to nmintain timelines and budgets; develop strategies to prevent recurrence of issues.
ona m cen eni ccd cencancnitaeneRarcontll sacs oelorveinkatarese etic Lond

Ute ce rene ecea eal etcB CEN Uei RCO en iM eeeiis Cbs aE Ee Olce Rumer KECRoIcneate
FS em

© Ensure compliance with requisite regulations, including federal, state, and Jocal buikling codes and safety guidelines.

* Past experience includes Education Program Coordinator at Solomon R.

Guggenheim Museum, Office Manager at Cranmer Art Conservation, Inc., and Assistant Program Manager at Trinity College.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts : Museum Studies and Art History Art History Italian The City College of New York City, State Museum Studies and Art
History Art History Italian

BIRO ohne one le On mms ce DectiKce ace

Certifications

Design and Construction Budget Development and Management Project Managerrent Requests for Proposal and Estimation Contract
Negotiations and Administration Sourcing and Procurement

als

architect, Art, budget management, Budget Development and Management, budgets, budget, building codes, Contract Negotiations, contracts,
Design and Construction, hiring, materials, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Office Manager, Procurement,
Project Management, Proposal, purchasing, QuickBooks, Research, safety, Sage, Solomon, Timberline
