CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER
Professional Summary

Tama sports person by heart and a Civil engineer by profession. I am currently pursuing Master's in Civil Engineering at Auburn University. | ama
seasoned construction professional with exceptional leadership and project management skills. Competent in team, budget and schedule oversight.
Abk to develop scopes, check field activities and update clients making me the perfect candidate for project management. I hold sports close to
mny heart and make sure to practice it in my daily life. I have been a national level tennis champion during my college days and amako a Registered
tennis coach. I aspire to run a successfill construction management firm in future.

als
* Project scheduling © Value engineering
Cee Scrat’ CEE Geiciucueeceliaicety

Cie ciecwme)ste nig © OSHA safety requirements

Work History
[Ooicheat oe wrehsem cls cme COCR CRIMI s.0)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Managed submittals and processing of Requests for Information between general contractor, owner and owner's consultants
Mitigated risk, coordinating plans and specifications to ensure compliance with permitting and regulatory agencies

Analyzed trade and material proposals and negotiated contracts

Monitored construction operations for $2 Million dollar plus Housing Project

Monitored, coached and supervised team of 25 employees in 2017

Maintained zero site accidents and lost work days for 1.5 years

Site Supervisor , 01/2015 to 122015
Company Name 4€“ City , State
© Maintained Pile Driving heavy equipment, tools and machinery in good working order by efficiently completing Pike Driving Operations
Initiated onsite safety program and properly trained all team members, decreasing injuries by 95%
RUstcetesne lone breiiatnt bpameccra mitral cee mte la

Analyzed project blueprints and specifications to identify exact number of worker's needed to compkte job
Delegated assignments based on site plans, project needs and knowledge of individual team members

brairestbeny
Master of Science : Civil Engineering , 11/2019
FP ADe ns MOS ots \ eek ONES EICC!

© Coursework in Construction Law, Project Management and Cost Estimation
© Member of University Tennis Club

Bachelor of Science : Civil Engineering , 05/2017
LJ. Institute of Technology - City

© Eketed Captain of Termis Team
© Member of College Quiz Club
* Thesis: Energy Generation in Floating City

Bleed
* National level Lawn Tennis Champion
© Registered Adult development tennis coach with Professional Tennis Registry
CPB ers(ag
Additional Information
Authorized to work for any employer in U.S.A.
PROJECT WORK
Event Center design for SIFAT,Alabanm
* Rock and Dirt clearing plan, Long termerosion control plan, Landscape plan, 3D Model along with site layout and detail estinnte
Aubum University Facilities management

© Designed web based platform integration for Project initiation form(PIF), Helped design mterial to share with AU Colleges and other stake
holders
