DIRECTOR OF SHIP CONSTRUCTION

Executive Profile

Visionary Operations Executive with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration. Arvbitious
Rony Qu rtacepiciourlrecmuntoseti Ate oars each el cM ries nud Cagis econ ran nom cn lece tacts
high performance teams by hiring, developing and motivating skilled professionals. A A Motivated Change Agent who Leads organizations through
Lean Journeys whik training, mentoring, and driving results by creating self-directed, autonomous Tearrs with Organizational Goals in mind.

Skill Highlights

© Leadership * Team Phyer
Cie grecamnsliarand « Labor Negotiations
* Business operations organization © Honest
Cie ciheewtineten acti © Ethical
© Enployee relations « Ability to select talent
Paso a eeltctee) © Mutlti-unit Operational Experience
© Customer-oriented « P&L Responsibilities
Ce Ceub inn enennitery « Communications
© Change Agent © Teacher
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

© Manufacturing Lead in Labor Negotiations resulting in a mult-million dollar benefit to the company across the term of the agreement, once
ratified.

Oe RCs cluL al ct) OSE AM OU DECC ae py ee cci Or ia unl nese Hisense acuta ed)
a productivity improvement from 50% to 100%. A The resulting cost improvement has netted savings of SSM per ship.

peep se ube kee ac lee Asoo ata ha Sia Lab hate Oca bse a tlc cu sari SEs
budgeted cost. A Achieved this despite many chims that the process design would never work and it would cost us more to operate in this
PAU

Helped grow a small, privately owned company from $8M in revenue to $20M in revenue ina very competitive market. A Performed this
DTC CU Lae aeons nate ol yo Seatac enter oc Ree Loan esa

Worked all aspects of Thermasys Corporation until my final role of VP/GM. A During this time, I implemented Lean methods that lead to
significant improvements in cost, schedule, quality and safety.

Professional Experience
Director of Ship Construction 07/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

Accountable for Ship Completion prior to launch including Fabrication, Asserrbly, Paint, Outfitting, Testing, and System completion.
Responsibilities include Ship Construction from First Plate Cut to the Launch of the Ship, Management of Cost and Schedule performance
and achievement of Strategic Corporate Goal.

Additional responsibilities include Relationship Building with the Union Membership and Collective Bargaining Unit and Negotiations with
the Union regarding upcoming Contract renewal.

Span of control includes 4 ships in various stages of construction, oversight of over 850 Union employees and 61 Area Managers, General
eee Beett ety

¢ Lean Methods: Instrumental in the introduction and impkerentation of Lean methods.

Results to date include: Lean re-organization of the extemal areas of the shipyard including removing muttiple locations of identical activities
reducing travel time and creating a much more productive workforce by providing support and resources at Point of Use.

Impknentation of Barcoding and improved inventory of materials and equipment for reductions of material loss and quick identification of
material location for quick response to demand.

Director of Outfitting 07/2014 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

Accountable for Ship Completion prior to launch including Outfitting, Testing, and System completion.

Responsibilities included Structural Completion and Moduk Erection; Insuring all Pipe, Electrical, Insulation, Equipment, and Propulsion
AS a torn as it scene tue mic ectiod BOM Late NRO Ses CRS RPM OIE Lemey ict Eecb ied

Span of control includes 4 ships in various stages of construction, oversight of over 600 Union employees and 42 Area Managers, General
eee Beett ety

© Insuring that all Outfitting is done in its sequenced Stage of Construction.

In June 2014, our completion rate of modules prior to moduk erection was roughly 65%. A It is now in the high 90 percentile and averages
rk

My Team raised the bar for the evel of completion at the time of hunch. A Prior ships launched at a Ievel of mid - low 70 percentile, while
LCS 9 hunched at 84% compkte and therefore re-gaining schedule for an on-time delivery.

This level of completion eamed the Team significant accolades from the custorrer along with the company eaming a multi-nillion dollar
incentive bonus for achieving this goal

* Introduced status boards at Work Centers to communicate performance to employees.

¢ Additionally, we post safety alerts on status boards when accidents occur and speak to each of our crews to insure we are adhering to safe
practices and alerting Leadership when they see a probem.

Director of Fabrication and Assembly 11/2012 to 06/2014 Company Name City , State
