COMMERCIAL PROJECT MANAGER AND CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summary

Tech-sawvy Project Manager well-versed in all aspects of project management from inception to completion. Excels in recruitment and talent
acquisition, as well as process reengineering and improvement.

Highlights
© Unsurpassed work ethic © Results-oriented
© Organized © Relhtionship building
© Detai-oriented © Productivity improverrent
PETE CCiRUbrceisnicc iret «CMM CITLe lee Hmule ete cee icy etcy

schivor anes
January 2011 to Current Company Nam - City , State

Computer hardware and software technical support company.

Owner Started TSI LLC to bring affordable computer support to individuals and small businesses in the Chicago area.

We specialize in providing advice to users, as well as day-to-day administration, maintenance, and support of computer systems and
Peon

Chrifies project scope and objectives, coordimates activities ofa project team, and identifies resources and implerrentation strategy.
Install and configure new equipment, including operating software and peripheral equipment.

Undertake routine preventative measures and implerent, maintain and monitor network security.

Convert paper charts to Electronic Medical Records (EMR) for physicians.

Install computer networks such as local area networks, wide area networks, internet, intranets, and other data communications systems.
Ensure systems comply with industry standards such as HIPAA, MU, and COBIT.

Grima son eekomnlie leet sia cots

Manage email, spam, and virus protection.

Manage system backup and restore if necessary.

Commercial Project Manager and Construction Manager
January 2007 to January 2011 Company Nam - City , State

Design and build Construction Company with $100 M in annual saks.

Hired to provide on-site leadership, management, and technical direction of operations for the construction processes associated with
commercial buikdings.

Serve as project manager and prioritize jobsite assignments for crews of up to 20 individuab.

OSitanclbniceeie cteoes Reoriraceal poclcdomcllcsm eye cit li mni\ 8

Oversee ortime completion of multiple smaller projects (S10M total) within budget constraints.

Increase efficiency and productivity by recommending and implementing online fors/reporting availability, wireless networking for office
PB CESHUmetORropmcalb eciniiniecey isa: cen

Orchestrate key project activities by coordinating core aspects with approximately 100 on-site subcontractors and skilled trade crews.
Ensure adherence to regulatory guidelines through compliance inspections and OSHA training,

Dvd oP uM clan cai Re aica a snenliinceuee cenit elses oeccmeslicla omens kin m

Conduct end to end project management of large or multiple large projects.

(Qvionratemolcos
January 2003 to January 2007 Company Nam - City , State

Award-winning, NYSE-listed residential luxury home builder with 4,000 employees and S6B in annual saks.

Joined company to oversee project activities.

Developed and implemented construction schedules, coordinated workflow of multiple trade contractors in a high-production enviroment,
provided ongoing inspection of builds, and enforced company policy with regard to project safety regulations.

Fundamental in closing $25Mt+ in new hore sakes annually, leading to ‘Community of the Year’ award for quickest settlements, most

Ro arancmelned ed murcie nee malts Hah em

Expedited projects by developing and implementing a 10-month construction schedule.

Ensured quality of projects by managing sub-contractor schedules and deliveries, evaluating performance, conducting "checkpoints" on
policies / procedures, managing homeowner walkthrough process, and participating in compliance inspections.

Project Manager and Network Consultant
January 1998 to January 2001 Company Name - City , State

Provides integrated broadband communications and information services including local and long distance voice services, Internet
connectivity, data transmission, and web hosting.

Develops other enhanced services including network design and impkmentation, equipment selection, procurement and installation.
2.5B in annual sales.

Chosen to manage a team of technical engineers tasked with providing technical support to customers and vendors.

Oversaw project schedules, problem resolution, and account management.
