LOAN ASSISTANT/COMMERCIAL & CONSTRUCTION REAL ESTATE/SMALL BUSINESS LOANS
RWrrncnstay
To obtain a position in the Banking/Lending field with an emphasis on customer service where I can provide added value to the company and its
OCR Nenana eben see arned ORubebreie cre ocr koor sul os inte sng nce yamnrRe Rocca ack)
customer service 13 years of experience in Commercial Real Estate lending 7 years of experience working with distressed/workout loans 2 years
of SBA loan experience Motivated self-starter with strong organization, communication and customer service skills
ener

¢ Microsoft (Windows, Excel, Word, Outlook), Alchemy (loan file

database), M Fiks (loan file program), Fidelity

Ability to grow and adapt ina fast paced environment

¢ Excellent verbal and written communication skills

¢ Strong leadership and organizational skills

¢ Effective time management and multi task capabilities

Experience
04/2012 to Current
PPS Goria ACU NTAuO NN eH BSIn OM Berne MencL Oe na N Cia AOI BESH IC

© Primary point of contact for the customer throughout the loan closing process.
Prepare proposal kiter and checklist for Borrowers for each approved new Joan.
Collect and manage all necessary due diligence.

Order appraisals, environmental phase I and other reports related to each Joan.
MO ee SCAM eB eaturancleen nem Di comecan une cats

Review loan documents and prepare closing package for Borrower.

Work closely with title companies - title engagement, requests, review, closings.
Manage operations procedures - process payofls, releases, tax payments, title liens, etc.
Streluaprrslnsyeem ice ese roee Or Cha crm ep ier inom

CUP La tonunetnemicre cre eN PUB Loar crelt ee

Uren cP AC MUN ULe IB Lene Rea oc Alper ies ORE a Ome nlite
NececcB Zelaya) LO et ceB en ice om ecto crcl eLoeine ome Cenuau cele

Cr

04/2009 to 04/2012
Loan Assistant/Loan Workout Portfolio Company Name 14 City , State

Maintenance, security and sale of real estate properties obtained through foreclosure.
Managing expenses/invoices ofall OREO properties.

Lees prc cne

Payoff, releases, ticklers, due diligence, taxes, title, and tracking all Joan file documentation,
Workout activities including but not limited to, Foreclosure, Deed in Lieu and Short Sales.
Work directly with attorney's throughout the foreclosure process.

Process loan payments.

05/2008 to 04/2009
Assistant Vice President/Senior Lending Assistant Special Credits Company Name 14 City , State

Work directly with the FDIC to resolve distressed commercial real estate loans.

Workout activities involving collateral collection, repossession, sale of OREO property and liquidation.
Order necessary reports and condition of title in preparation of Pre-Litigation Analysis.

bergurtelh ee uccm Mlle obo lar Bal ie

eine Me Casa aLol an meicr ne mtu wekcearranelbeey

UEP EOLA)
Assistant Vice President/Commercial Real Estate Lending Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

Power red niles acer kennus oman mua hel cares abalcrae

Assist with loan proposal preparation.

Conpkete all duc diligence on all approved commercial real estate loans.

Work directly with auditors (intemal and extemal) for quarterly in-house and annual audits.

Monitor commercial real estate loans to ensure compliance of contract terms and conditions Assist and oversee preparation of Loan
Petre CR Ana ciicou MAMIE s a eon koi com iilialbamsoncea bel eu cee coun ces

05/2003 to 03/2004
Ceerrireca al pes POU LOPAC LENT CTS Oot SANE CYA Os NES ONC

CA OtS um uaned conan iec seer CO leant Relitene
© Preparation of loan docurrentation including closing and finding of loan proceeds.
© Cakuhtion of loan amounts and set up of new loan worksheets.
