FACILITIES DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER

Ss

Having worked as the Construction Project Manager for diverse healthcare construction projects with budgets over $20 million, I am confident
that I would make a valuable addition to your team I have proven success delivering projects that stay within scheduled time frames and budget
constraints. In addition to my professional experience, I bring with me extensive education, including Project Management Professional (PMP)
Certification which further supports my business development. As a Facilities Design and Construction Project Manager for Scripps Health, I am
in charge ofall phases of the design and construction process for construction or refurbishment projects. While my on-the-job experience has
afforded me a well-rounded skill set, including strengths in planning and negotiation, I also excel at meeting project milestones.

Highlights

Sih eRVElMcen eres Died eon aa er cus inLenenes

Poe Project Initiating through Closing

Heal See ee ee tT ncn and Control Project Budget Develop and Manage
p Local Entitlement and Permitting Processes

alll i ae ci Project Reporting / Status °

evel graccera@ersnreten

Accomplishments

* Successfully led 45,420 sq. ff. Radiation Therapy project. AA

CE Gte BREN VE cu a ERY Ay Keorsnrar anne ae4
CMB Broo ey DES Ercliau errant NERS aS) Geran

© Oversaw 40,000 sq. fl. and $7.8M Carlsbad project. A

¢ Spearheaded $7.1M project for SCIM Phase III.

schivor anes

PAUSE OR @Tac ars

Facilities Design and Construction Project Manager Company Name iA City , State

Leadership for all phases (planning, scheduling and managing) of the design and construction process for new construction or refirbishment
projects (hospital / medical office buikdings).i,§ Managed and coordinated the planning, budgeting, scheduling, design, bidding, construction
furnishings and relocation requirements of new construction and renovation projects.i,§ Selected projects include:

Successfilly led 45,420 sq. ft. Radiation Therapy project; managed a $35.7M project budget with $21.2M in construction costs.

Directed $11.8M project for 29,000 sq. ft. MSK facility, construction cost of S5.7M.

Managed 40,000 sq. ff. and $7.8M Carlsbad project, construction cost of $4.5M.

Spearheaded $7.1M project for SCIM Phase II, construction cost of $4.5M.

Secure management support for project scope, budgets, and goals. Define project parancters in ters of time, money, physical objectives,

and external constraints.

* Establish scope, budget and schedule, and maintain such commitrents through project initiation, design, construction, and closeout
Peccccd

© Understand federal, state and local laws and regulations as it relates to planning health facility projects, including compliance with local
entitlement and permitting processes.

© Evaluate and provide guidance during all planning stages of medical facilities including construction, equipment, furniture, comparisons,
options, and respond to procurement agreements and standards.i,§ Negotiate fees and business decisions for contracts with professional
contractors. Review and approve consultant and contractor invoices, and approve change orders to contracts.

© Performconstruction administration and walk-throughs to create punch lists, paying attention to contract specifications to ensure

compliance.

Make certain Facilities Services goals for client services are continuously met through the design and construction process.

Interfaced with property management services relating to Scripps keased space, including coordinated with intemal real estate department

and managed relationships with landlords.

¢ Ensure projects are completed in compliance with Scripps Health standards for quality/fimctionality and applicable regulatory requirements.

SO Tete ROR P2003

Facilities Project Manager Company Name if City , State

Delivered strategic direction, coordination and project management services for facility construction and tenant improverment (TI) projects.,§
Selected projects include:

© Sharp Coronado Emergency department remodel, Sharp Chula Vista Catheterization Lab, Fluoroscopy equipment replacement,

Angiography suite, Psychiatric wing remodel, infrastructure projects and tenant improvernent projects over $15 M in costs.

Communicated and prepared documentation for compliance with state regulatory projects.

Identified modifications and space requirements to accommodate future or proposed operational requirements of buildings.

Inspected buildings and advised on the feasibility of renovation or substantial alterations to the existing condition, layout, structure and

systems to accommodate the proposed changes.

¢ Produced concept and approvals, planning and project developrrent to fulfill designated finction and provide cost estimates for required
expenditures.

« Analyzed schematic and final designs for proposed alterations of existing and new construction and their associated construction costs.
