CONSTRUCTION SUPPORT COORDINATOR

Urofecroral bliin

Demonstrated ability including orientation to action, very detail oriented, courage to innovate, and excellent follow-through skills. Understands how
to think several moves ahead to position for the future. Knows when to trade off items of kss important strategic value for the sake of the long
termwin.

Core Qualifications
¢ Results-oriented Pe @edntiessneritine
CMO ortiencmisiscan ens © Training and development
© Quick kamer Pee @iiatcebunessuan an
* Microsoft Office SVS ES otestearrant
¢ Contract negotiation’review/draftng ¢ Contract mamgement
Experience
Construction Support Coordinator

May 2016 to June 2016 Company Name i% City , State

© Originated, reviewed, amended: scope of work package contractor submittal work evaluations radiological work permits job hazard
analysis Work packages Worked at Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant while plant is in cold shut down and going through
decontamination and demolition.

Safety Coordinator/Specialist
December 2012 to Jamary 2016 Company Name i% City , State

¢ Some of my responsibilities included: Managing all aspects of Safety, Exposure and Hazards Creating and maintaining the Safety Program
and Procedures Performing hazard and Risk Assessments, Job Safety Analysis (JSA).

Safety Work Practices Managing Field Safety audits and inspections whik incorporating the results into daily procedures.
(Ono Meee Lone Oe aro MOS ERC pri atiiva

Ensuring both Safety and Training Record keeping on all procedures related to compliance with OSHA ruks and regulations.
Maintaining Compliance and Training of personnel.

Exedlana ela

Root Cause Analysis, Accident Case Management and Tracking,

[OO ee MEN Meanie csualiim

Conduct refresher safety training,

Intermediate knowledge of Windows Operating Systems; particularly in: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc.

Purchased all Safety equipment.

Maintained all required OSHA logs.

Conpketed incident reports and distributed and maintained files.

T have taken the OSHA 10 and 30 hour courses for construction.

T have taken the OSHA 510 course for construction.

CPRFirst Ai/AED certified in January, 2015.

Equipnent Operator
September 2010 to April 2011 Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Operated equipment used for applying concrete, asphalt, or other materials to road beds, parking lots, or airport runways and taxiways.

© Operated equipment used for tamping gravel, dirt, or other materiak, including concrete and asphalt paving machines, form tampers,
Pai sane este nec CES ueRSeicale (ane

© Operated paver, rubber tired loader, skid steer, and compactor.

¢ Operated construction equipment as needed.

Lead Person
June 2010 to September 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

© Observed workers to detect inefficient or unsafe work procedures or to identify problerrs, initiating corrective action as necessary.
© Reviewed employees’ work to evaluate quality and quantity.

¢ Requisitioned or purchase supplies, such as insecticides, machine parts or lubricants, or tools.

CMe DStiiceP snes ice ion cnce Om Homing AN acarcinlocreen einuia

Ce Ded mn cs CURL e ene erin aa

(Osram acir cna aueriiaey
May 2003 to May 2010 Company Nanv %% City , State

SOUR each cased

BStnelceb uo oune ce tua racetsractccedles) fom

Supervisor of grading, sealing, and sawing operations.

Operated paver, rubber tired loader, skid steer, and compactor.
Operated construction equipment as needed.
