CARPENTER

Summary

(Oso low OO eaesiLe mM Lae Remind hon vaya cm meme cory ems elm
Highlights

Thorough knowledge of safety practices and occupational hazards related to construction work.

NUR rlaninin ene nec RUS Um aU Um elo) CLA RUMTe Reels OID NRSC)

Remarkabk ability to comprehend, blueprints, drawings and sketches

Certified rigger and signal person

Proficient with welding and cutting

Experienced equipment operator; skid steer, front end loader, forklift, aerial lift, excavator, crane, roller, Bidwell

Possess knowledge and ability to use the following forming systems: Aluminum, Gang Form, Simons, EFCO, Wood Forms, MEVA
PROFESSIONAL references

schivor anes
10/2015 to Current
Carpenter Company Name 11 City , State

Follow safety rules at all times.

Housekeeping Finish concrete to grade and straight edged.

Treat equipment with care and keep tools clean.

Erect scaffolding and ladders for assembling structures above ground level.
Hang kedgers, overhang brackets and decking with plywood and steel.
Formskbs, colurms and walls for concrete pours.

Make sure all parts of structures are plumb and square and true.

Work with metric, feet, and hundredths measurements.

Read and understand plans and specifications.

08/2015 to 10/2015
Sear Or NaN ELLOS MECH!

Complete company required or regulatory documents such as DRA, JHA, Weekly Job site Inspection sheet, time sheets, etc.

Supervise, mentor and coach craft personnel Direct work of assigned crew to meet daily schedule Understand production schedule and
adjust daily work to meet schedule Perform on-site coordination of manpower, materials and equipment Request material needed for scope
of work Read, understand and interpret plans and specifications as required and check work according to specifications Maintain high level
eG NEeU vce ea OP ECM sre cHinegecualies Omar SuamHerdelr sneer OKe siecelacl ohm Oe erie nec leca Lael
required Knowledge and understanding of prevailing wage rules Ensures workers for each task are fully qualified to perform assigned duties
Coordinate sub-contractors onsite Maintains knowledge of company values and strategic plan Perform additional assignments per
fraeteatranacetlicnalelin

08/2014 to 08/2015
Carpenter Company Name 11 City , State

Follow safety rules at all times.

Housekeeping Finish concrete to grade and straight edged.

Treat equipment with care and keep tools clean.

Erect scaffolding and ladders for assembling structures above ground level.
Hang kedgers, overhang brackets and decking with plywood and steel.
Formskbs, colurms and walls for concrete pours.

Make sure all parts of structures are plumb and square and true.

Work with metric, feet, and hundredths measurements.

Read and understand plans and specifications.

brairestbeny

High school diplomm Byron High School i City , State
Associate degree (A.S Rock Valley College i City , State
Additional Information

alg

vA

blueprints, coach, direction, equipment operator, forklift, Forms, Inspection, materials, mentor, personnel, policies, Read, regulatory documents,
safety, strategic, supervising, welding
