PROJECT CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Professional Summary
Motivated Construction Manager highly eflective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. Strong
knowledge of civil engineering principles and concepts. Construction Manager with [Number] years leading teams of general contractors and
laborers on large scale residential and commercial construction projects.
als

¢ Excellent customer rehtions

¢ Subcontractor management * Fluent in [arabic-english]

© Knowledgeable in construction safety

Work History
Project Construction Manager 01/2002 to Current
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personel.

Reported to the vice president of production on conformance with the contract schedule.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.
Digitally archived weekly progress and technical é€ocKnowledge Basea€ photographs ofall assigned projects.

Prepared and followed through on all required punch lists.

Assisted the vice president of production in the review, approval and archiving ofall closeout documents.

Determined the project schedule, which included the sequence of all construction activities.

Provided safety kits to all construction personnel, which complied with safety protocols for the job site.

Prepared regular interval progress reports.

Offered technical assistance to service providers.

Reported the quality of performance on site to all site construction managers.

Conducted routine quality audits to ensure that work was progressing per the specifications and initiated corrective actions.
Guided and directed third-party inspectors through project construction, commissioning and closeout.

Avoided construction delays by efficiently following through with all site mspections in a timely manner.

Supported construction management in emergency repair and restoration on both oil and natural gas pipeline systems.
Impkmented systems to improve process efficiency and reduce the project duration.

Scheduled all contractors and mnterials deliveries.

Trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members.

© Construction Management for various types of NPCC Projects (Onshore & Offshore) ic., Storage Tanks, Oil Pipelines, Steel Structures
c/w piping systems, Plitfonvs, Jackets, Bridges, Flares, etc.
© Construction Project and Site Engineer for large CCIC Onshore Construction Projects.

UAE Company Nane

© Projects executed were for Abu Dhabi Marine Operating Company (ADMA-OPCO), Abu Dhabi Company for Oil Operations (ADCO),
Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Limited (GASCO), Abu Dinbi Oil Refinng Company (TAKREER), Zakum Developrrent Company (ZADCO),
Abu Dhabi Gas Liquefaction Company Limited (ADGAS) Saudi Aranxo, Total, Qatar Petroleum (QP), Shell, Maersk oi, OXY-Qatar
and Oil & Natural Gas Corporation Ltd - India (ONGC).

Responsibilities: Reporting to both the Project Management and the Yards Managerrent on Technical, Quality, HSE and resources issues.
Oversee the compktion of fabrication & Erection works in accordance with contract specification, project planning scheduks and approved
method statements, construction drawings/cultists, and in accordance with NPCC and Clients HSE standards.

© Co-ordimte different areas & disciplines activities such as piping, E&I, structures & piping prefabrication and erection activities, painting,
pressure vessel, QA/QC inspectors and subcontractors.

Coordinating and directing all site activities as per approved schedule and for efficient cost effective management of all resources deployed.
Enforce safety rules as per the approved HSE procedures at Site.

Liaise and Lead the Rigging section for the performance of major lifts & load-outs for the Projects handled, and provide technical support
and guidance as necessary.

[Otel br eeame bah e esLALOPIEORSCTE eatctce

Assure that only Approved welders, and Approved Procedures for the specific Project are utilized.

Co-ordinate with Client representatives on all matters related to the project activities.

Overseeing piping / steel structure fabrication and erection activities for simultaneous multipk projects.

Raise Lessons Learnt reports and conduct Risk Assessment studies and ensure their implementation on applicable site activities.

Prepare Construction Methods and Procedures as required.

Projects executed: EPC Works for Satah Full Field Development Project at Zirku Island (ZADCO) EPC of 12" Flexibk Pipeline &
Associated Works at Zitku Island (ZADCO) EPC of 42" New Main Oil Line at Zirku Island (ZADCO).

Education
