PROJECT COORDINATOR a€“ CONSTRUCTION SIDE
Summary

Resourcefill and accomplished Office Manager with extensive office operations and personnel organization expertise. Versatike Office manager
capable of managing dynamic and cross-fimetional teams as well as projects. Over 10 years of progressive experience in business management
and the legal arena.

Highlights
© Interpersonal Skills: Works Independently,

Handks Pressure Well, Meets Deadlines,
Proficient Managerial Skills, Effective Team
Leader and Efficient Team Phyer, Excellent
Oc ouaoa een ecm ONC eA e@ Sli em
Multi-tasks, Plans and organizes individual and
corporate meetings, Excellent written and verbal
communication skills

* Technical Skills: Typing (70 WPM), Dictaphone, Transcription, Speed Writing,
CaseNet, Proficiency in Microsoft Word (95 through Word 2007), Microsoft
Word Perfect, Excel, Outlook, Access, PowerPoint, Timeslips, Quikbooks,
Other miscellaneous programs, Calendaring, Travel Arrangements, Itineraries,
erste aS uRocalLer ced bold Bolte recom leve aus Estee Reelepercsien eso tcmm Som
Fax Machine, Copiers, Travel Arrangements, E-filmg, Multi-line Telephone
Systems. Data Entry (Superior), Minutes of Meetings, A/P - A/R

alg

LEGAL EXPERIENCE (10+ years): Administrative Law, Corporate Law, IP, Contractual Law, Bankruptcy Law (Debtor's rights: Chapter 7 and
13), Workers' Compensation Law. Domestic/Family Law, Estate Planning, Personal Injury, Medical Malpractice, Plaintiffand Defendant Work,
Creditor and Debtors' Rights

Accomplishments

Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols.Planned and executed all aspects ofa
nyjor office headquarter move. Developed and implemented company’s first employee manual outlining all proper business procedures and office
faebe om

schivor anes
Project Coordinator 4€* Construction Side
September 2014 to May 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. Managed the day-to-day tactical and long-term strategic activities within
the business.Compiled and synthesized relevant business data for coordination of integrators, local jurisdictions, materials, and customers for
successfil delivery and completion of projects.

Dispatch 4€“ Life Safety 3€* Managed IP Services
January 2012 to Septerrber 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Monitor and dispatch on Burglary Alanvs, Fire Alanrs, and Medical Emergency Alarms and Signals using proven methods from the book of
Standard Operating Procedures Handbook ensuring life safety measures during life threatening emergencies.Monitor and dispatch for maintenance
issues with alarm systems and backup monitoring equipment, including panek, receivers, sensors and key fobs. Enter and request service for such
issues and schedule fickl tech support appointments. Take incorring calls from clients, informing, answering questions and troubleshooting probkm
areas with alarms and signals.

Temporary placement of Leasing Agents, Assistant Property Managers and Property Managers
AU PUR oe Become een eclivan cir chy CO mmNyel

Various Leasing computer programs, ie. MRI program, Yardi program, Model and Vacant Tours, Add Guests, Work Orders, Follow up,
Accept Monies, Lease Apartments (most leased 4€2 apartments in one business day). Closing Skills, Desire to make large strides in short period
of tine. Srrall Communities Boulder Springs (100+ units), Medium Communities (Bonhomme Vilage, Meadow Park) (200 4€ 400 units), Large
Communities (600+ units) Knolhvood Apartirents, Marlboro Trails, Mills Property, Gingco Property. File Audits, Insurance Audits. Ensure

CO oemee oc Rcnche ROME GCM an oibeckeaumemeiteckac im

Office Manager/Field Supervisor
July 2007 to April 2011 Company Name i City , State

Under $500,000 annual income and budget. Help write and implement mission statement, ensure SEC filings, Certificate of Good Standing,
Annual Reports, etc., Administrative Policies and Procedures, Company Ruks and Regulations, Highly ethical and practice due diligence, ensure
confidentiality of all business matters and compliance ofall state laws and legal requirements.General Office Duties: A/R, A/P including monthly
reconciliation of business accounts using QuickBooks, Annual Tax Preparation, General Office Procedures included Filmg, Correspondence,

Os toe O eA olor OLGA UNC UM cE RUC AUC LA Unae Cm meric Tes amtecsuniees Dekel iol a CEs ua ance
Duties: Schedule work crews, Ordering and Pickup/Delivery of equipment, took, and materials for each job. Schedule job labor and deliver
mnterials, ensure local and state compliance ofall jobs. Job site quality control and training on simple work tasks. Ongoing communication with
crew and customers through compketion of job assignment. Handle Negotiations of contracts when necessary to help facilitate the best outcome for
