RNID DML NG LEIS
Summary

Safety Manager with 16 years construction management experience. He is responsible for the safety compliance of the project and all sub-
contractors. He brings extensive experience in various types of construction projects and is currently serving as a Safety Manager ona power
delivery project in Southeast Texas. He has also served as the Environmental Compliance Manager on a USAID fimded project overseas and has
proven leadership abilities while serving multiple overseas tours with the U. S. Marine Corps.

Highlights
© MS Office proficient © CHST Certification
© Organized and detail-oriented © OSHA30 Hour
© Superb managenent skills ¢ OSHA 40 HAZWOPER
© Site safety coordinator Cue Ou NNR Micliad
© Safe job site set-up CeO Cee tiredto ny

Accomplishments

© Over 400,000 safe nan hours over several projects

© Awarded a Safety Recognition from the USACE Jacksonvilk, FL District
© Awarded a Navy Achievement Medal while in Afghanistan

© Awarded an Anny Commendation Medal while in Iraq

schivor anes
Ralcsm\iauloa
September 2015 Company Narre 1% City , State

* Responsible for overall safety and compliance with local, state, and federal regulations on the project, to include subcontractors; project
includes one new build power substation, upgrades to 4 other substations, and construction of 13 miles of transmission Ines.

(Qvionratemolcos
October 2013 to August 2015 Company Name it City , State

© Omnha Lead Project - soil sampling and preparation, commumity relations and site sketches.
* Smalky Piper Project - oversight of water treatment plant construction (temporary).
¢ Several other small sampling events and construction projects

cee cle@eveittaauonanad
September 2012 to October 2013 Company Name 14 City , State

© His responsbilities included oversight of the project's environmental impact on the Jocal communities to include the following:

© Develop and implement an Environmental Management and Mitigation Plan (EMMP) for four (4) project sites.

© Develop and submit reports to USAID pertaining to the implementation of the EMMP and any actual or potential enviromental hazards
pertaining to the construction process.

© Develop and implement a training plan for all expatriates and local staff

© Oversee the construction ofa 45013 containment cell for the disposal of PCB impacted soil.

(Qvionratemolcos
March 2007 to September 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

His responsibilities included oversight of the project and all sub-contractors on 4 long-term remediation projects to include the following:
Perform the duties of the Site Safety Officer (Daily safety/tailgate meetings, inspections, etc.).

Provide the Daily Quality Control Reports to intemal and external clients.

The collection of the perimeter air monitoring samples for various contaminant analysis as well the daily collection of particulate data utilizing
various sampling apparatus.

Maintain the Daily Site Logbook, and all paperwork associated with materials and equipment (to include manifesting of trucks).

Track and maintain all contractor data for EPA records and to utilize for the Construction Completion Report.

Provide technical assistance to the contractor as it pertains to the Remedial Design.

Assist with all Community Relations issues that arise involving the site.

Oversight ofall construction activities including demolition, excavation and restoration.

Gunnery Sergeant/E-7
February 1989 to March 2010 Company Nanr iA City , State

¢ Gunnery Sergeant, E-7, Retired. Supervised subordinate Marines whik acting as the Avionics Division Chief (62 personnel), Work Center
supervisor (37 personnel), and Shift Supervisor (12 personnel).

* Awarded the Navy Achievement Medal for the management ofa corrbat flown flag program in Afghanistan. Processed over 3,500 requests
for flags and produced over $15,000 in profit from the program, during a 6 month deployment, to pay for junior Marines tickets to the
