LICENSE CONTRACTOR
Summary

Detail-oriented specializing in Residential and Commercial construction with sakes and professional development experience with more than 30
years of expertise in all facets of the construction industry. Verifiable track record for successful completion of mutt-nillion dollar projects that
consist of high rises located in the Las Vegas and Chicago downtown areas through coordinating trades, developing partnerships, and buikding
Positive rapport with architects, engineers, local officials, vendors and clients whik maintaining costs. Well verse in contract negotiation , project
eee rear tieeeeulob ccd cme MnP ana ce ecIclen mol enntaee ce counalL oem aes Beato olar ines cebtislianan era lselualy
certification of occupancy .

Areas of Expertise Include: A

© *leadership & Team Buiklng * Quality Control Management
© *Permits & Building Codes * Workplace Safety & Compliance
® *Construction Phnning & Scheduling *Organization & Time Management
Cad Ge cP ie arohoue ice oe Nema cori oauclnai ate
© *Budget Analysis * Estimating Job Cost
Highlights
© Knowledge of and experience working with Paint * Concrete
© Experience with various hand and power tools and heavy equipment estimation
© Skid steer Loader, Meg-roller and forklift © Superb
© Experience working on higltrises, deep tunnel, bridges, roof, porches(concreteAvood) Drywall, trim work, windows, eaesyewnr etl
cabinets, hardwood floors, ceramic, vinyl, acoustical ceilings, train-tracks, houses, foundations, docks, water-mains, skills
sidewalk, plhurbing, HVAC, electrical © Project
Cuca lelbeteating
¢ MS Office Proficient * Cost control
schivor anes
Bence aenicwaey

January 2011 to February 2016 Company Name i’ City , State

Led the planning, budgeting and direction ofall construction projects.

Managed projects such as painters, carpenters, labors, electricians, pharbers, and HVAC instalkers

Responsible for rmoffand ordering of materials

Managed time and payroll for 20 plus employees

Analyze and interpret blueprints for projects to insure quality of work.

Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.

Carefillly coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards.

Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general contractor's consultants.

Managed the rights of way, easement and dedication processes.

Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.

Managed a team of 20 onsite general contractors for over 5 years.

Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications fromall of the construction administration consultants.

Reviewed and investigated Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR).

Stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all FFE installations.

Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract. Assigned projects and tasks to employees based on their
competencies and specialties.

Followed through with competent execution of project plans by providing proper tools and equipment to all construction personnel.
© Performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits.

© Monitored the safety ofall construction activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority.

bZelarrsiny
January 2008 to January 2011 Company Name i City , State

Interface with various contractors, owners and regulatory advocates to determine appropriate project handling.
Managed 25 plus employees.

Experience in understanding internal business strategies to develop working knowledge of industry practices.

Analyze and interpret new M&P related to all guidelines inquires.

Led and managed resolution ofall issues during project construction and commissioning phases.

Acted as the liaison with company safety representatives to promote awareness and understanding of safety protocols.
Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all onsite issues.

Properly nnintained all onsite equipment and vehicks.

Foreman
