DRIVER/MANAGER

Professional Summary

4 years of total customer service and physical labor. Great time management and interpersonal skills. The perfect team player and top of the line
customer service. I'm looking to filla position where I can not only sharpen my skills in the work place, but also contribute to any business to help
it grow more.

Experience

Driver/Mamager , 06/2015 to 10/2015 Company Nanr - City , State

Pee Coeee nana eee Cmca p eine u aE CMe Eneer eee Corel vmACule baie cus eam na eTe io (oy
individual contractors or residents upon product delivery; built relationship to better give our customers the best quality of good as well as
TS oman oem

Further increased my role within the company, where I would manage a spoke route that would deliver merchandise by bicyck and tricycle.
I handpicked orders depending on time frame and quantity, then loaded bikes and tricycle depending on distance as well as timeframe.

AV Etietncem

Selo rcskeo na ia eka tb ecalinckcal cet edtne Pte Laden a ice

During deliveries and at end of day I recorded all deliveries, cakulated late and early drop offs, missing or wrong orders, which cyclist
delivered each order, also emiled day results to Amazon managers and warehouse managers.

re ee

Personal Accountant , 03/2008 to 12/2015 Company Nam - City, State

© Gather and organize patient billing data, Trae CC OUr NL eMUICUCIL Cem E OUTS aL atc

© Manage front desk, inclusive of answering calls, greeting and logging patients into system, confirming appointments as necessary.

¢ Responsible for open and close, as well as safety procedures supporting facility requirements, disposal of hazardous material, Filed Patient
Ole rei Reciinislvei trad euLoc een enicm eRe ae kes

Cie Nav oretm ibaa uoetnicmetim aur wen Rel ame ee ee

Construction , 12/2007 to 05/2008 Company Nanx - City , State

¢ Worked on hore renovations, business offices, Red Lion Hotel Convention center construction, backyards, all wih a licensed contractor to
Cian este a eke tas Com

© Bellevue towers, offices, hotels, and residential properties, few out of state projects in Portland, OR as well).

¢ Prepped for lead construction.

© Overshadowed a professional contractor, traveled with professional contractor.

sce est bali)

High Schoo! Diplom

OUTRO ele Me ORC y MOU REO RECO een cmt OOS OMAR roe cena nie. vae
general studies, as well as courses in Psychology and Kinesiology.

pinay

Captain of my high school and JUCO basketball team Winning multiple team awards. Helped coach and trained younger athletes to maximize
their potential as athletes, students, and individuals. Competed in Men's Basketball at Shoreline CC; helped take my teamto NWACC's.
Competed in Track at Juanita High School my senior year for the first time and made it to districts. Participated in the BSU (black student union)
at Bellevue College. Where I helped plan, organize, and execute meetings and school activities to pass down knowledge and help other students
become whut they have set out to be.

once Binteonsitet)

Very diverse individual coming ftoma multiracial house hod. With other plans to become a successfil individual later on in my life. Working and
living for my future and not for the moment being. Respect, courtesy, and communication are very important to me as I feel these three
characteristic have helped me in life so far and can never hold me back in any situation.

Additional Information

* ACKNOWLEDGEMENT(S) AND ACCOMPLISHMEMTS Great Microsoft Office Skills Captain of my high school and JUCO
basketball team. Winning multiple team awards. Helped coach and trained younger athletes to maximize their potential as athketes, students,
and individuals. Competed in Men's Basketball at Shoreline CC; helped take my teamto NWACC's. Competed in Track at Juanita High
School my senior year for the first time and made it to districts. Participated in the BSU (black student union) at Bellevue College. Where I
helped plan, organize, and execute meetings and school activities to pass down knowledge and help other students become what they have
set out to be. Very diverse individual coming froma multiracial house hold. With other plans to become a successfil individual later on in my
life. Working and living for my future and not for the moment being. Respect, courtesy, and communication are very important to me as I
feel these three characteristic have helped me in life so far and can never hold me back in any situation,

als
billng, budget, charts, customer service, data base, delivery, frame, insurance, logging, Psychology, quality, renovations, safety
