LABOER FLOOR CONSTRUCTION WORKER (ALL A ROUND)
schivor anes
Laboer Floor Construction Worker (all a round) , 06/2015 to 11/2016 Company Name iA City , State

© Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. Assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish
carpentry. Extensively trained in plumbing, carpentry, painting, plastering, machine servicing and installation. Built and disassembled
scaffolds, bracing and barricades.

Teacher & Speacial skill development coach , 02/2015 to 12/2016 Company Name i City , State

© Attended workshops on leaming goals, classroom managerrent, student motivation and engaging learning activities. Determined the training
needs ofeach student through academic assessments. Clearly communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students.
Developed partnerships with industry and secondary education institutions. Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement
method. Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. Conducted smmll group and
individual clhssroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons.
Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpfi to others. Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to
keep them engaged.Alko I'ma fast leamer strong fit in shape young man easy going great spirit who loves to work an uplifting, problem
Ro Hen eeMen Cr Aen eal eR aCe coipel sow el emit pulcmecuniminee— rela menikecly aawues@sCcaasit
worker/employec following the guid lines to success. A A

Musician Artist Poet Creator Mentor(2003 an present) , 06/2003 to Current Company Name i City , State

¢ Adapted to the established art style of the studio for consistency and quality purposes. Critiqued other artists' work and gave constructive
feedback. Worked alongside the entire development team in an energetic and creative environment. Created a series of rough sketches for
review, revision and approval. Produced immginative illustrations in an efficient and timely manner. Clearly communicated updates and
concems to the appropriate team members and managers. Successfillly resolved a range of compkx artistic developrment issues for both
artists and team members.

Summary

pC Mer A MPA RCL ORM Me eM opeee Mee Ue RCL ON TER Co ROK ERT Ue eae Rd
techniques. Focuses on completing all tasks quickly and with high quality standards in mind. I MrXavier Thomas is adaptable and
Sriendly hard dedicated workerA and team player with comprehensive background in crisis conmunications and media relations
management. Analytical and efficient in tash A handling anA completing A assignments, Highly-motivated commumity service
professional skilled at networking, media. Motivated my philantrapy called A.S\S.LF with non-profit marketing and advertising
SR MLL LL MEL UO Ed SLAC LM OL LL AN

Flexible and versatile team player who maintains a sense of hiunor under pressured very dependable and hard-working
laborerA with more than 3ycars in the construction industry. Thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects
TMM LRG ILL A MCE MTC ARC at OURO MR LL Eee cr eT OEE CCd
driven to reach company goals, In hands on,hard working,honest,Full of energy,casy going with a great sense of humorrespectable
upright manA who's A all for the success an bettering the company an my coworkers for the whole collective. Physically fit Laborer
effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule. Consistently follows through with all orders and instructions. Works
well in a team setting. Skilled Laborer who thrives independently or as a team member. Proactive in creating a safe and productive
CY ana

Highlights
CRW hatietriianbemeneartlt
SEO Ed * Conflict resolution techniques
© Works well under pressure Secu ay
CEG csmuecnice ¢ Dedicated to process improvement
Pr ereracts tron © Works well under pressure
CM ereci rien wom Socronter pitas ers kc Me Dene y Soci]
© FDA food guidelines awareness © Communicates effectively
Cm ata cee eer cit aD cael
cue chs merits
os * Adaptable and flexible
ee © Process development
Ee ¢ Excellent verbal communication
CElepuclleanny
Accomplishments

Assembked product containers and crates. Connected hoses and operated equipment to move liquid materials into and out of storage tanks on
