(ONG) DCN ETO LARS
Summary

A diverse Construction Superintendent/Project Manager with 20+ years of experience in construction project management, construction
tem niieoiee lob redco meni Rnatannomaecen lec bitravatenccieso taco rata mit (antmernitsarin i
PoitPednewae coosraene Cth ppl enke tomatoe cece iirc orem taa inal ann Predera eal etr|
profitable to operations.

Highlights
CMe orbs erences © Residential and commercial construction specialist
* Baseline scheduks creation ¢ MS Office proficient
CB Siheiteqoed (crt G ool le MNT our Le penal}
¢ Blueprint fluency © Project budgeting
CSE a ES ersc at) © Results-oriented

boelae aed
CAD/GIS Design Specialist Dec 2014 to Current
(eon nares LO ESIC

¢ Transfer AutoCAD data for water, sewer, and irrigation as-builts into city GIS database using ArcGIS.
¢ Prepare and plot detailed mps of project sites for the use of planning and presentations.
¢ Impknenitation of CADD drafting standards.

Construction Layout Manager Apr 2014 to Jul2014
COon tern ea LO NETIC

OS Nenana La Kouariult Coie sWelike Ceebacd metal mene R ills meetsierat enti cii4 6] gon
Responsible for scheduling of the entire companies layout needs.

Responsibke for ordering all yout materials and maintaining equipment.

Cakultions of fied layout utilizing Topcon 3D Office software, AutoCAD, and MicroStation.

Achieverrents as Construction Layout Manager:

© State of Illinois - Willard Airport, Champaign, IL, - Parking Jot rehab - $841,000
© State of Illinois - I-74, Champaign, IL- 4 miles of median ditch work - $1,250,000
© Danville Public Schools - Danvilk, IL - Rehab 4 parking lots - $765,000.

Pe Qe urate noon cnm@unc aloe NMA CER PAN Ce
Oot IANO NMR!

¢ Supervised, directed, scheduled and coordinated work with sub-contractors to compkte all tasks needed to compkete construction of
Dero T RN U RecCEe Doo Lecce hola elt ise

© Worked with project managers, architects/engineers, owners and sub-contractors on scheduks, change orders, RFI’s, and pay app
requests.

¢ Assisted in estimte ofnew Compressed Natural Gas fueling station in Rosenberg, TX for Trillum CNG.

Achievements as Construction Superintendent:

¢ BuLNG- Lam Ave., Memphis, TN - Natural Gas Fueling Station - $1,750,000
¢ BuLNG- Brooks Rd., Memphis, TN - Natural Gas Fueling Station - $1,750,000
¢ Trillium CNG - Patton Rd., Rosenberg, TX -Compressed Natural Gas Fueling Station - $890,000

Project Manager Apr 2013 to Nov 2013
(Ooh hina Nolen ROLES

© Planned, managed, coordinated, budgeted, and supervised construction projects from early developnent to compktion.

Liaison between the construction team, architects, designers, owners and stakeholders of the project to facilitate communication, decision

making and probkm solving,

Estimated price proposals and change orders for projects using eGordian software.

Managed and scheduled projects with Microsoft Project Executed contracts and work orders between general contractor and sub-

contractors for new construction and remodeling projects.

PEAR OREN eucKanu Lon REO ed eceetic eee OURO Lett CM NO NG Camano noacacolven tenes i lure rad
data submittals, shop drawings, change orders, pay app requests, punch lists, job closeout and as-builts.

Achieverrents as Project Manager:

¢ University of Illinois - Roger Adams Laboratory 4€“ Bathroom Remodel - $117,000
