SENIOR RESIDENT INSPECTOR.
Ritereraag

Dependable and hard-working Senior Transportation Construction Inspector with more than 20 years of experience in the transportation
construction industry. Thrives ina fast-paced environment and works to compete projects quickly and efficiently.

bShenraney
Cae cantons | pre ontceiiag
CeO lyestiiccekeReacligen anaes Cm @variberlensliwid
© Advanced critical thinking © Erosion and sedimentation control
© Strong communication skills * Technical plan execution
¢ MS Office proficient * Concrete estimation
© Proficient in E-Buikder Software Cir cabelp i catisnancenemettits(cs
¢ Superb mamgenent skills © Structural and architectural pre-cast concrete
¢ Project budgeting Pe Siiroe snared
© Cost control ¢ Baseline scheduks creation
© Project management © Buikling codes and regulations
¢ Residential construction specialist ¢ Demolition
© Buikling Construction Trades Certificate
Accomplishments

Managed projects ranging fiom $38 - $945 million dolls, while supervising my team, and meeting deadlines ofan aggressive schedule due to the
mik stones set by the government,

Experience
Senior Resident Inspector
March 2014 to June 2014 Company Name 1 City , State

Pie Si datrancckaras iodine a Cun eme al duntbiaeeltomerlautalren yo a tae lem
¢ T oversaw installtion ofsilt fences, check dams, and basins as per plans and specifications.
© I verified integrity of devices affer rain event and met all project contract specifications.

Senior Inspector
June 2013 to February 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Tmamaged the erosion control effort on the I-77 project in Statesville, NC.
© T oversaw and organized installation of rock line ditches and basins.
PEACHES Crem ken tag ie bom iee cm item clubcancene mt cel bece)onguenistasncel lie ce

Rares sieseoB licen (oy
September 2010 to March 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

I oversaw bridge construction of the 27B63 Fly over bridge.

BUNA CEB Ohms clbee nem Nunes cere B (eel ane

Concrete construction of abutments piers and pier caps were installed as per plans and specifications.

Type 2 girders were placed as per erection plan.

Stal OSH SAUL Mod Site mico TUT eRe mune Cre ae a

Over saw construction of 6 cast in phe retaining walls with spread footers, and 2 MSE walls with concrete leveling pads.
I reviewed shop drawings for the project structures and made comments to be reviewed by engineer.

Estimated cost of this project was $945 million dollars.

Ce ee ee

Senior Inspector
July 2005 to February 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

ee cok VAP Kee Oiinateaunecnieysonys ecu

Oversaw construction of five bridges: two with three spans, two single spans, and one with nineteen spans.

Managed this project and met deadlines even though this project had an aggressive schedule due to the mike stones set by the govemnent.
I managed bridge construction, took part in project meetings, and made comments as needed on the construction activity.

Oversaw bridge construction consisting of H piles and drilled shafts.

OM Medel ecko itigeoidurabenmwuliemehacr <p iiunas sii

I checked and verified rock socket and bottom elevation.

Srsucuimo sural mhiai cm ames lame ee rracmeby emu bce Ruelpe aoe

I was responsible for checking all shop drawings for the bridge before construction was preformed.

T was the Senior bridge inspector for the Louisiana Timed Managers Program, Mansfield, LA. I was lead Structure Inspector on the
project.

Cee Srssecm RAB ke rm ceca mene hs) WP Miter ectued alte

ee
