SAFETY PROFESSIONAL/ CONSTRUCTION SUPERVISOR.
Summary
Seeking a Purchasing Manager position with a firm in the Westem New York vicinity in which I can utilize my 15+ years experience coupled with
my B.S. in Business and my A.A.S. in Engineering Technology to contribute to the kadership and growth of the organization.

Highlights

Over 15 years of purchasing, materials management and logistics planning experience. Strong business/commercial experience conducting
purchasing negotiations, maintaining positive business relationships and establishing strategic alliances with vendors, subcontractors and
PTs ae

Bachelor of Science degree

Able to multi-task and prioritize work load

Proficient with Word, Excel and Outlook in addition to MRPII and proprietary procurement programs.

Experienced preparing purchase orders and monitoring acknowledgements of and changes to POs fromaward to delivery

Experienced expediting deliveries and conducting follow-up

Experienced procuring stock material for industrial operations, maintenance and repairs

Experienced maintaining minimum/maximum kvels of inventory, plus insuring inventory levels are adequate, but not excessive

Cul eorucineculelel aint R i seiner cere ky ceCle tm nite SAMO MeN CraicRti tla le lage ice iscsi lity comes) ocd
and project development

Experienced establishing new stock numbers, entering and reconciling inventory variances in a database

Experienced resolving purchase order/ invoice discrepancies

Experienced initiating and running reports for cycle count performance

Able to work with a teamas well as independently; Supervisory experience and people development skills; Experienced interacting with
high level business executives

le amie Na

Accomplishments

Experienced preparing purchase orders and monitoring acknowledgements of and changes to POs from award to delivery

schivor anes

Safety Professional / Construction Supervisor Aug 2013 to Current

Company Name i City , State Safety and Construction Supervisor Professional with experience working both in construction and general
industry settings. Experienced working in construction overseeing safety for installation of equipment, underground storage tank removal,
dismantling of presses, conducting industrial hygiene monitoring, plus working as a laborer, performing ISO quality auditing, plus purchasing and
project management fimctions and coordinating environmental, health and safety for chemical waste disposal and logistics. OSHA 30 Hour
Construction Safety Training and Red Cross First Aid/CPR AED Training,

Buyer / Purchasing Agent Oct 2010 to Jun 2013

(ONAN eben AG Mn niCaolnemtnekeoecee Caled esbnrenaeaieorls eines omleBuarouianakealetipcckeearlt eis
Responsible for developing mutually beneficial relationships with vendors, develop initiatives to reduce kad times, and reduce costs. Procure
procuring stock material to nmaintain inventory within budget guidelines to assure the highest fill rate. Contact suppliers to arrange for and ensure
on-time deliveries. Authorize payment of invoices for procured items. Retum merchandise found unacceptable resulting from the company's
nonconforming mnterial guidelines. Created and maintained the approved vendor list. Coordinate the procurement of operating supplies (c.g: office
supplies) as requested by employees and required in the performance of business operations. Created and performed supplier evaluations in
compliance with the company's formal procedure.

General Manager-Inventory Control’ Procurement - Temporary Consulting Assignment Aug 2009 to Oct 2010

Company Name i City , State Developed and trained clients’ purchasing departments on materials and services procurement strategies and
programs. Identified and created partnerships with suppliers to help clients realize the full potential of their supplier relationships in overall cost
savings, strategic sourcing and transactional procurement. Developed and implemented clients' inventory programs to increase efficiencies and to
identify cost savings.

Assistant Materials Manager / Sr. Purchasing Agent Jan 2006 to Aug 2009

Company Name i City , State Developed and implement all materials and services procurement strategies and programs initially for local facility
operations and was subsequently awarded global supplier responsibility for all Asian purchasing from Japan, China and Korea. Negotiated
favorabk ters and conditions with vendors and subcontractors, procured and coordinated logistics, sourced new suppliers and products, and
mmmnaged inventory operations for diverse mnterials and supplies including all electronic components for a multi-million dollar major custom
fabricator that serviced both industrial and consumer markets. Extensive experience developing strategic sourcing relationships and alternatives in
support ofall the business group based purchasing fictions in the areas of strategic alignment and critical issue escalation. Was responsible for
purchasing both inventory and non-inventory items, general expense products and services, MRO supplies and materials, capital equipment
expenditures, construction projects, and for the firms environmental, health and safety program at optimum cost consistent with prescribed
specifications and service levels. Developed and authored ISO 9001-2000 procurement work instructions and procedures for the purchasing
department. Participated in and successfiilly passed all intemal and extemal audits without any major findings. Formulated, recommended and
enforced procurement, inventory and logistics policies, guidelines and procedures. Coached and mentored direct procurement staff plus cross-
fimctional, project teams regarding procurement requirements. Performed analysis, planning and scheduling of materials procurement in order to
meet the master schedule requirements. Identified and deliver significant savings and cost improvements for internal clients. Implemented JIT
inventory management system, lean manuficturing strategies, continuous improvement principks, MRPII integrated software and managed raw
mmterial inventories so they were within corporate guidelines. Maintained high-level contacts with suppliers plus negotiated and managed major
contracts. Lead team in development of computerized purchase order/receipt system and E-procurement program and procedures. Reconcikd
and approved vendor invoices. Additionally, analyzed and established logistics policies and external transporter agreements for manufacturing
operations and shipping/receiving departments. Was responsible for full financial reporting and analysis of purchasing, ventory and logistics
