TRAINING SPECIALIST - CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT
Summary

Experienced Construction Equipment Operator and Carpenter that is hardworking, dependable, and reliabk; offering extensive experience with
heavy equipment operation. Highly motivated to produce quality work on tight deadlines with safety in mind and to exceed expectations.

schivor anes

October 2010

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Training Specialist - Construction Equipment

Serve as a Training Specialist and Training Manager for construction equipment the U.S. Anny procures.

© Developed, updated, and managed training material that provides the Soldier on basic operation, techniques, and maintenance procedures
for the various types of construction equipment that the U.S. Anny’s owns.

© Developed scope of work and contract language.

© Conducted reviews and provide recommendations on associated Technical Manuals for construction equipment before authentication and
peu o) cheb eRe eerie

© Evaluated training terials prepared by instructors.

CREW oniGacktciinteniceineRucccceM ta cem cael cm emia iiat ate

PMrureAu

to

October 2010

(OO ANE O han CeDolaae Daag

Delivered product and fillng vending machines at all points of availability within established accounts. Completed a daily pre-trip inspection
checklist before first delivery of the day. Operated motor vehicles in a safe and efficient manner. Loaded and unloaded merchandise at stores and
Sem unl om Uncles Reon ace 1p Pears econ Owe

Military Experience

Febnury 1999

to

feTsvang

Oo ANE LO MAE CLGe les cinecOOrsneaten geile

Serve as Platoon Sergeant of 42 Marine size platoon that is responsible for the professional development, morale, health and welfare of Marines.

© Mentor Marines on the knowledge and procedures for: horizontal and vertical construction, blueprint reading, concrete form construction,
concrete mixing and pouring, concrete saw operations, masonry work, concrete block and brick laying techniques, 250/260 CFM
compressor operation and maintenance procedures, basic surveying techniques, soils testing, airfield dannge repair, bridging operations,
and security operations.

© Create bill of materials, drawings, and submitted supporting documentation required for construction projects as necessary.

* Maintained accountability for over 1.2 million dollars in tools and equipment.

Awards:

* (3) Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals
© Iraq Campaign Medal with Bronze Star

© Global War on Terrorism Service Medal

© (4) Selected Marine Corps Reserve Medals

CME ben lb Bolarcemy (cect

© Armed Force Reserve Medal with Bronze Hour Glass and "M" Devices

PEK) EGoicel ry e@u erections

brairestbeny

vA}

Eastem Michigan University City , State , USA Bachelor of Science : Construction Management

The construction management nyjor reflects the current needs and trends in the construction industry and is accredited by the American Council
RSet wld esl MOCcRun Hoe OkcomiisealemeRQerceal smOuicrer ni Ncosm@all aR aaQele neice wTcn
Electrical and Mechanical Equipment Systems, LEED for New Construction and Major Renovations, and Legal Environment of Business Law.

Henry Ford Community College City , State , USA Associate of Applied Science : Architectural/Construction Technology
PN an ace B nts Ps PA0U OER Un) a PAUP
