CONSTRUCTION MANAGER

Tn nata
Technical support professional with extensive IT background. Enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to technical issues.
Accomplishments

Effective administrator of both human and mnterial resources.

¢ Abk to take a project from the blueprint and contract stage, through complex troubleshooting, to finalization.

Capable of delegating and prioritizng workload, scheduling manpower, equipment, and materials, monitoring productivity, quality, and
safety, and coordinating a project to achieve on-target, timely, and seamless compktion.

Estimating: Strong analytical skills.

Abk to research cost and time factors in order to formulate competitive project bids while protecting the bottom Ine.

Sensitive to budget constraints.

Keen ability to properly allocate expenditures and profitably manage expenses within preset parameters.

Communication: Articulate as a negotiator, presenter, advocate, and company spokesman.

Provide a viabk linison between various professions, disciplines, trades, crafls, and multiple levels of managerent and employees.
Manpower Development: Proven ability as a motivator, trainer, and team buikder.

Successfil at matching talent to need.

Abk to identify and develop desirable personnel skills.

Ce ee

Experience
Construction Manager Oct 2013 to Current
(Oo tae ea ROLES IC

© Manage all aspects of new home construction projects including customer relationship building, acquiring the proper building permits, budget
creation, scheduling construction, and overseeing field operations.

© Direct personnel operations, conduct hiring, and schedule subcontractors and product material delivery.

© Manage multiple simultaneous custom homes ranging in price from $600,000 to $1.6 milion in Omaha and surrounding communities.

¢ Oversee jobsite safety measures and municipal buikling code compliance per jurisdiction.

Construction Manager Jan 2010 to Oct 2013
Company Name

© Oversaw and mamged a $30 million a year production build of custom higher end townhomes in the Copper Ridge subdivision in Omaha,
ne

¢ Worked closely with the developer to provide daily updates and progress reports on every construction project.

© Job duties included pulling permits, scheduling the construction, hiring subcontractors, negotiating contracts, creating budgets, estimating,

jobsite safety, personnel training, and oversecing fick operations.

Collaborated with the sales team on marketing to homebuyers to improve the sales process.

Provided input and creative ideas to new homebuyers in order to create a unique and enjoyable home building experience.

Constructed 85 out of 114 total homes built in less than 3 years.

Managed the construction of 17 single family homes in the Saddlebrook Vilhs subdivision.

econ Our rAL ER Onient
Company Name

as an independent contractor specializing in remodeling services and new construction in both residential and commercial settings.
Residential projects include basement, kitchen, and bathroom remodek, deck building, room additions, and sunrooms.
Commercial projects include the retail and office build out for small and large businesses.

Provide self-performing contracting as either the general contractor or as a subcontractor.

Specialize in the restoration of oder homes with modem updates and improverents.

Helped to facilitate a muttistate retail outlet store build for Omaha Steaks.

Compkted the retail space build out for the Complete Nutrition franchise in muttipke states.

Coordimated the building of multiple Scooters Coffee Shops in Lincoln, NE, Olathe, KS, West Des Moines, IA, and Ommbha, NE.
Remodeled the multiple cubick office spaces at Mutual of Omaha, FDR, and DIN.

Remodeled the press room of the WOWT News Station in Omaha, NE.

Remodeled the Bellevue Foot and Ankle Clinic in Bellevue, NE.

education and Professional Development Current student at Randal School of Real Estate Licensed Class C Contractor with the City of
Onnha Insured and Bonded with the City of Omaha Registered Contractor with the Nebraska Departrrent of Labor.

ee ee

Education

OSHA Certified 10 Hours *ICC Residential Class C Certification IRC 2009

*Lead Abatement Certified *Experienced user of scheduling software, Microsoft Project and Builder Trend 2012 ITT Technical Institute School
Sa Beitueetye Bes BLN BENE

Certificate of Completion, Advanced Network Technologies, Omaha, Nebraska 2001 MSCE for Windows 2000 / Server andProfessional
*Diplomm, Computer Programming Specialist, Institute of Computer Science, 1990-1992 Coursework: Mainframe programming languages in
BAL, JCL, and COBAL.

ald
