CONSTRUCTION COORDINATOR

Summary

Dedicated and results-driven OSP Specialist with twenty years of progressive and diversified experience in Outside Plant Telecommunications
Engineering and Construction, Wireless Backhaul Engineering, Low Latency Optimization and related areas. Proven skills include the ability to

mmnage multiple projects and meet critical deadlines, knowledge of construction methodologies associated with the placement of aerial and
underground systems, design, engineering, estimation & budgeting, project management, analysis, problem solving, and various CAD programs.

rN
Highlights
Wchrayeomen nl ey epsncelcors
MS Office proficient
Reliable and dependable A
Detail-oriented and organied © ¢ OSHA codes and regulations
Ra buco gO iiemurouciits
Se * AutoCad
, oe Cae beroteivat
Construction specialist 5 pad
3 G ca SO
Design print uency Aes Ser
NEC codes and regulations Cie Osa (Kent eO rN
schivor anes

Construction Coordinator 10/2014 Company Name City , State
&€¢Responsible for the construction activity related to extending and relocating cable and fiber optic plants for all lines of business.
4€¢Direct oversight of contractors and capital budgets as per company contracts and capital guidelines
Fico meen eeeoE iste) Cte eIt elt]
&€¢Maintain SMB weekly reporting while streamlining the process for coworkers, allowing them more time to produce results on their projects
Consultant (Temporary Contract) 02/2014 to 10/2014 Company Name City , State
Foy Plo ace iii rate Leimecsiuetemenupad sin
OSP Engineer 05/2012 to 02/2014 Company Name City , State
* OSP Fick Survey and Route Design
Design and Engineering of acrial and underground cable routes
FN (oO

e
cd
© Planning and estimation of projects

© Prepare detailed permit, construction and plcement drawings
OSP Engineer 12/2011 to 05/2012 Company Nanv City , State

© OSP Fiber Optic and Wireless Backhaul Design and Engineering. Project Estimation and budgeting. Procure ROW and Easements.
Interface with necessary people to procure ROW, easements, pole permits, etc. Create, update and maintain records of associate projects.

Wireless Backhaul Consultant (Contractor) 01/2012 to 03/2012 Company Name City , State
&€¢Wireless Backhaul Optimization, Design and Engineering
OSP Engineering Manager 11/2008 to 11/2011 Company Name City , State

* Telecom Network Analysis and Optimization. Scope and fill project estimation. Low latency solutions design, engineering and
implementation. Dark, Lit and Dim fiber design, engineering and implementation. Negotiation with third party fiber providers. National and
