CONSTRUCTION INSTALLER

Si

Tend
Pe Cees c Lid ber a CULL ee Ene eel Clee sae CURR eee Rosen ko sscutl

expectations. A who thrives in project management roles. Extensively trained in construction trades, car

A pentry and landscaping,
pares

 

 

 

Microsoft Office XP, Microsoft WindowsA® 2000, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe suite, IPRO, LAW, Proficient in Excel, Peopk-soft, Kronos,
Invoice-it, Networking of machines, Smag-It, Outlook, Windows 7, Microsoft Certified, Auto-Cad. IT background.

schivor anes

Construction Installer 01/2014 to Current City , State

Layout of sky zones trampoline park.

Detailed attention to measurements and blue print for yout and installation of steel.
Drillg into concrete for anchors and steel.

Impacting and torquing bolts on steel reading,

sc) Te Renae onic enie ayumi eee ae Conia aunen eIChecl CnC HEc Reece iiinemwi Poems [asBinemestoeReibrslitats Les
and common knowledge.

able to think outside the box and make quick decisions.

Dae Lal@nemcavcymeshyualcer com acensiea Elie

Use boomilift and skylift to install top bars and high nets for trampoline park.

Use ofall major power tools.

Constructing trampoline park from start to finish.

Chief Engineer 03/2013 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

© Develop and publish procedures to support the more than 100 employees who depend on our services to fimction daily.

Maintain par levels, manage and inventory ofall supplies in main office for the following vendors Costco, Staples, Gourmet Coffee, So-cal
Office Technologies, USPS, Fed-Ex and UPS, Sparkketts Waters.

[Olle ere CCE Cole ORI Ie MOCO ETL muaensirsl CCH b Laue cccH ia Lemieo dala Lecm

Manage 20 employees, counsel, write-up, hire and terminate.

Track PTO balances, accruals and requests, attend annual human resources training.

Floor warden, responsible for fire safety procedures, Responsible for AED's.

CPR Certified.

FHF econ Aree UiccTUe MMA rICe sR tC MMad Ne ONMCCC CM NGG N MRIs Setter ABET aTUlig pelea Lemna Bom Com el 2ti ky
and corporate offices.

P&L review, monthly forecasting, annual budget review and planning.

DSO, Invoice preparation and review ina timely manner.

¢ MSR (monthly services report) reporting, paper inventory, vendor contract negotiations, work with procurement department and legal team

(ORs creK UCR Remon Rote innaue timc Tea aele ea (Ce E Un em istic

* Maintenance and networking ofall MFD’s, printers and any other copying equipment.

In charge of managing all aspects of office services (hospitality, muil sorting and distribution, supply inventory, copy, faxing-right fax, kitchen
