PROJECT COORDINATOR'SITE ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION

Professional Profile

Se eRe oleic hese Men eco si dese tne SiteA Acquisition and Construction, Organized, resourcefill and detail-oriented with
ORcaMterpyannneeins Ras orensl crea ylivcw

rar anecd

September 2015

to

reTsane

Company Name City , State Project Coordinator/Site Acquisition and Construction

© Process Purchase Order Requests and issue Purchase Orders.

© Track pay point deadlines for all job sites in order to ensure that financial deadlines are met.

Truc up sites to ensure they will pass client auditor review, prior to actualization of Site Acquisition project milestone whik maintaining a
Ree eR eer rr ncaNike ia

FCS e viel cus el aLomO ER col McA iteen slicuonice tb eceralate ed bso arcsec

Manage budget and job costing for over 600 projects to date.

Participate in weekly meetings with customer via telephone conferencing.

Attend semi-weekly meetings with client.

soled EI Kelbomn case Reema Leceua yee merle ect ce

Current job responsibilities include data entry and require me to perform Site Acquisition related tasks daily m MS Office, NORAD,
Orack, Nsite, Filenet, Share Drive and REM.

FTP.)

to

March 2015

OO NAN OAR AMuateAuecie Ome

¢ Download and check closeout documents for accuracy.

Change naming convention on each document in order to comply with client's standards,
Download and check closeout photos to ensure that all required photos are correct and submitted.
Upload closeout documents and photos in client's database.

Assist Project Managers with site audits to ensure accuracy.

A Opa RC OMe eRe exnia ened esr ccndem emencumecnircncHine gn Os
Process documents and photos for over 1,000 job sites.

When necessary, assist change order department with processing vendor change orders.

OC) Aloe R Hn nenoee neko TT en mR area stnnet else (a neeleeCeaties1 (om

© Operate as a team member in order to meet and exceed client deadlines.

NON om Aulcy

to

IOI)

CeO NAN DeL ONAN OL CPA HII OL PACA O eon yalaneg

Provide high level administrative support to President and Vice President.

Phan and organize daily operations in order to ensure all projects are on schedule.

Process payroll weekly through ADP; handle Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payabk.

Maintain books for five companies which include reconciling checking and credit card accounts on QuickBooks.
Create and maintain budget reports for tracking expenses for each job site.

SO aere elo BO enor praat aR Om MURSCR MLO Lawaccly A

Prepare and upload closeout documents and photos for each job site.

Make travel arrangennnts for all personnel.

Education

University of the Incamate Word City , State Bachelor of Arts

LOT esi cow Kook Naw) aul eSarinesl(

Nas

Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, administrative support, ADP, budget, credit, client, data entry, database, Filenet, financial, job costing,
materials, meetings, MS Office, Oracke, Parakgal, Process payroll, personnel, QuickBooks, reconciling, telephone, Make travel arrangements
