SENIOR CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Senior Construction Manager
Ritirerata

Schedule the project in logical steps and budget time required to meet deadlines.

Confer with supervisory personnel, owners, contractors, or design professionals to discuss and resolve matters, such as work procedures,
(oon she Meera Leen yc) crim

Prepare contracts and negotiate revisions, changes and additions to contractual agreements with architects, consultants, clients, suppliers
Eine Rsnnae nica eon

Prepare and submit budget estimates, progress reports, or cost tracking reports. Interpret and explain plans and contract terms to
Beste Oa ROOM ke CCM oN Nonuied Pe ON LomN mat dom a meyicmemincuauluirctunrecnccmwulitiied
rah ROB a speck RI ira tcc CUCM ES CTte

Take actions to deal with the results of delays, bad weather, or emergencies at construction site. Inspect or review projects to monitor
compliance with buikiing and safety codes, or other regulations.

Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods. Select, contract, and oversee workers who compkte specific
Precedualvcd ie] cumoraecpeshetiecems) nies sem On eiublbronncela@ncnriceee acces

Direct and supervise workers. Develop or implement quality control programs. Investigate damage, accidents, or delays at construction
sites, to ensure that proper procedures are being carried out. Determine labor requirements for dispatching workers to construction sites.
Evaluate construction methods and determine cost-eflectiveness of plans, using computers. Requisition supplies or materials to compkte
fosiciarat eens) cuce

Develop construction budgets that compare green and nor-green construction alternatives in terms of short-term costs, long-term costs, or
environmental impacts.

Develop or implement environmental protection programs. Implement training programs on environmentally responsibie buikling topics to
update employee skills and knowledge. Inspect or review projects to monitor compliance with environmental regulations.

Perform or contract others to perform prebuikling assessments, such as conceptual cost estimating, rough order of magnitude estimating,
OWA RPM As PMOL AT CEST IMPRESS Tat Ce

Procure Leadership in Energy Efficient Design (LEED) or other environmentally certified professionals to ensure responsible design and
building activities or to achieve favorable LEED ratings for buikding projects.

°

OF

be Kraan
SE eS REUSE on 20] a Toa
CONS hM@ariiice : 5
SS eA Pan avieerell ie i
, aie i pera © Power and hand tool operation
i, narnia A * MS Office proficient
i sc . bhai © Organized and detail-oriented
CES rcs anmene ciety ae errr
" Superb management skills © Cost control ~
© Security systems knowledge
Accomplishments
Ce SER y rence mens UL aem ete eum
© Managed a $32 million dollar project, while supervising a team of 57
¢ Was known for expectations of cleanliness and most organized sub-divisions in the company
© Trained and mentored over 115 construction workers, general laborers and apprentices. home construction project. workers.
© Very thorough with final walk thru with buyers
Experience
Senior Construction Manager Mar 1994 to Aug 2013
(Oo ete nen BO Nam ICG

Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.

Carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards.

Managed the rights of way, easement and dedication processes.

Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.
Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.

Directed the general contractor on required mock-up preparation.

Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications fromall of the construction administration consultants. Reviewed and investigated
Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR).
