SENIOR CONSTRUCTION & SAFETY PROJECT MANAGER

Summary

To obtain a project management, sales / marketing, construction managerment position where I can filly utilize my education, training and
experience while making a significant contribution to the success of my employer. Result oriented professional with over 30 years in construction
mmnagenent, highly developed oral and written communication skills, and a progressive track record of success. Proven ability and effectiveness in
construction market, Lease negotiation, budgeting, design, development, and on-going maintenance of sites. Experienced by graduate business
degree, professional leadership and commumity developments. Recognized by managerrent for thoroughness, meeting due dates and being a team
faa

Skills

Microsoft office, Propricer, Timberline, Peoplesoft and Deltek Costpoint

schivor anes

ONY PAUR ER @racanig

Senior Construction & Safety Project Manager Company Name 4 City , State

Responsible for oversight of complex construction projects within the assigned region, including planning, approval and construction.
Working hand-in-hand with Equity Developers and Equity Development Partners, Asset Managers, Operations, and general contractors,
the Senior Construction Manager to assure the company’s equity mvestment in long-term hold oriented design decisions is executed and
construction issues are resolved appropriately.

© Responsibilities include all construction operations, such as overall budgeting, cost control, construction techniques and product quality.
Oversee all aspects of the construction process ensuring that both the health and safety of project plans are implemented and that each
project is completed in time.

Support all project team members, including Superintendent, and Field Personnel, in the management of safe, profitable projects.

© Manage site safety and security of project following OSHA guide lines and ensure adherence to safety policies and practices, and created a
positive and encouraging work atmosphere.

Ensure support personnel working under PM's supervision are fulfilling their duties to progress the project schedule, track production and
quantities installed, produce as-built, tap cards, valve cards, restoration drawings, etc.

Monitor compliance to all applicable health and safety requirements.

(Qvale eal NM Chim Rtedaycern ese bela slice

Thorough review of contract and specifications when awarded new projects.

Delegate to support staff to ensure all required submittal, testing requirements, close-out requirements are identified and
submitted/compkted.

Inmediately notify supervisor and senior company management personnel when any major problems develop on contracts.

Inspect and monitor construction sites to ensure adherence to safety standards, building codes, and specifications.

Produce reports required for monthly PM Progress Review Meetings with company executives and CFO.

Report to senior management on the profitability of all projects.

Produce and negotiate change orders with Project Owners.

Manage scheduling and billing ofall subcontractors work.

Boreal eke rai necmuyilIecberee lt irstet (orem

Submit monthly billing projections for all projects to the CFO and senior management.

Thoroughily review all material invoices for the projects.

el eo a EaneceniclaCm ine eR Lenn ona ices

Interface with client safety & health department on site safety & health issues and coordinate preventable measures.

Conduct New Employee Site Safety Orientation and provide training,

Set up and maintain positive cash flow on all projects.

Ensure monthly invoices and submissions to the owner are submitted at the time required in the specifications.

Verify we are being paid by the owner on all items for which the subcontractor is billing

Ako, verify subcontractor’s cost is properly entered and ensure accuracy of the invoice.

Investigate all safety incidents, conduct root cause analysis and provide appropriate reporting.

Participate in safety planning meetings with regional mamgers and other company professionals.

Develop and implemented site safety orientation required for site access.

Participate in required meetings (owner meetings, in-house progress meetings, subcontractor meetings).

Prepare project ketters and other correspondence.

Thoroughly review any correspondence produced by project support staff prior to its distribution.

Support the company’s safety program, including attendance at weekly safety meetings.

7 COHN IRIDp ATOM DeRe Velike S Lena sl cece

Ensure that any job delays that occur on my projects which are outside our control are documented for possible future chim to the owner.

02/1991 to 05/2005
Senior Project Manager Company Name i City , State

© Provided in-depth analysis of the top five multi million dollars contracts with the Federal Govermrent.

* Report to the President of operations; oversee contract that included CP (Cost plus), T&M (Time and Material), CPFF (Cost plus fixed
fee) IDIQ (Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity) and CPAF (Cost plus award fee).

© Subcontractor invoices and contracts modifications.

* Provided complex financial reporting for program review by upper level management.
