MAINTENANCE, HOMECONSTRUCTION
Summary

Hardworking Maintenance/Handy Man brings over 5+ years of experience in Maintenance industry to worksite. Resourcefiil experience handling
mnterials, operating machinery and supporting overall team and project needs. In-depth knowledge of compliance mandates governing site and
worker safety. Singularly focused on helping crews compkite skilled work under deadlines.

als
© Forklift driving A A
© Codes compliance ° ea iusale a 5
* Standard operating procedures understanding ° Construction trade expertise
© Basic welding skills ° aa
Ce Wor ierina coe krce : eine
© Understanding schematics ieee
CM (earannecleaeca x ad ae
© Troubleshooting strength averse
¢ Hand tool operations Mai ms ae
Aone tai ss pe aaadapsiaeti tied
© Maintenance scheduling ° Training & Development
ayers ¢ Friendly, positive attitude
© System installations , ea ota
© Equipment mintenance ae enh
© Safety-oriented mindset rere vr
Prati cael
schivor anes

Company Name | City , State Maintenance, Home Construction 08/2020 - Current

Diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities.
Performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.
Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systerrs.
Maintained facility interior, including shampooing carpets, washing walls, waxing and stripping floors and dusting fimniture and fixtures.
Used electrical drawings to troubleshoot and repair electro-mechanical and other systems.

Framed new construction of single-family homes and townhomes.

Completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.

Cut roofing paper to size and nailed and stapled paper to roof in overlapping strips to form base for roofing materiab.
Mopped and poured hot asphalt and tar onto roof base whik applying asphalt and tar and gravel to roof

Resolved both technical and contractual issues in constructive, positive manner.

Shaped mnterials to exact measurements for job requirements using hand tools and power equipment.

Examined buildings and project specifications to determine measurements and dimensions.

Installed building structures such as windows, trim and cabinetry alone or with assistants to meet job deadlines.
Operated terrain telescoping forklift, backhoe, skid steer and tractor.

Prepared, cut and installed custom cabinetry, built-in bookcases and staircases.

Selected lumber based on particular species, characteristics, size, applications and applicable adhesives.

Noa wre lei tus BW ecw Oo micLee Te maelie eee aks

Cut and installed tile and hardwood flooring for over 6 residential and commercial buildings.

Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding,

Worked independently on projects and tasks within 1-person carpentry team

Safely operated power saws, planers, jointers, routers and pneumatic equipment for 365+ days without accident.
Cut timber, panels and other wooden materials according to measured dimensions.

Installed floor joists, trusses and rafters.

[QUIS eas be cease Patera mana Bete) ence

Safely used band, circular, jig, reciprocating, chop and compound miter saws.

Company Name | City , State Maintenance Technician 01/2018 - 08/2020

Collaborated with building managers to assess ongoing needs and plan preventive maintenance schedules.
Diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities.
Executed daily operations of preventive maintenance on electrical panels, motor controls and switch gears.
Performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.
Replaced wall sockets, ran Imes and completed basic carpentry to finish installations.

Installed new systems, replacement parts and components to maintain proper operation.

Maintained compliance with internal and regulatory safety standards, including OSHA.

Routinely inspected equipment for preventive and emergency maintenance needs.

Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systerrs.
Assessed system operations to identify potential areas requiring maintenance services.
