GENERAL CONSTRUCTION WORKER
Summary

Ts hardworking with years of experience from industry to worksite. Resourcefill experience in handling materia, operating machinery and
supporting overall team and project needs. In-depth knowledge of compliance mandates governing site and worker safety. Singularly focused on
helping crews complete skilled work under deadlines. Efficient in manufacturing and construction along with dedication to getting the job done
right. I am punctual in bringing a diligent and energetic approach with years of experience working within teams to complete various projects on-
time and under budget. Comfortable lifting heavy machinery and safely operating job-related equipment and took as well as good communication
skills makes me a well rounded candidate for any job.

als

© Hand tool operations © Conflict resolution

© Standard operating procedures understandmg = ¢ Problemresolution

© Basic welding skills * Collaboration

CRT esa ner\ niente CMe Sco sem ilan

© Forklift driving © Work ethic

© Equipment mintenance © Organizational skills

© Materials handling © Maintenance & Repair

© Leadership * Troubkshooting
schivor anes

Company Name | City , State General Construction Worker 12/2020 - Current

Collected and removed debris from work sites to maintain team productivity and minimize safety hazards.
Reduced wastefil spending by accurately cutting baseboard and trim materials according to specifications.
Measured and marked openings and distances to prepare sites for trimand stair installation.

Collborated with multiple teams to complete large-scale housing projects, promoting team-oriented atmosphere.
Maintained ckan, safe working environment by removing waste from job site prior to shift completion.

Gori Celeo Mian menta nes icMle cuts Oubiatiece Russie eles eae Ledl el tce

Company Name | City , State Quality Inspector 10/2017 - 11/2020

Inspected titanium, stainless steel and carbon steel products and work processes to determine compliance.
Handkd, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements.
Reviewed maintenance documents and MSDS records for completion and accuracy prior to archiving and completion.
Tracked findings and updated computer tracking system with documented assessments.

Marked finished products with grades and accepted or rejected designations.

Completed evaluations by properly using various gauges, tools and equipment.

Recommended corrective actions to minimize rate of product defects.

Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and installations against specifications.
Conducted routine visual inspections of prior work to uncover issues with compliance and tolerances.
Documented, filed and maintained proper inspection records and quality assurance documents.
Interpreted and classified production and quality data for multiple products.

Measured product dimensions to assess compliance with specifications.

Notified supervisors about production problems and helped identify and cormect concems.
[Arrsebsaessuceeulerckumneeenesrsars a

Assessed finished items for defects and ordered reworks to eliminate imegularities.

Observed employee ficklwork and usage of materials for quality and consistency.

Trained new employees to performand document quality inspections and audits.

Resolved quality issues during final inspection and escalated major problems to a quality manager.
Inspected quality of finished products, making minor repairs to meet project expectations.

Performed quality control duties and responsbilities, including inspecting and maintaining traceability.
Completed all timesheets, traceability forms and final documentations on time.

Forklift and crane certified.

Maintained shipping and receiving,

Cut all materials to exact requirements made by customers specifications.

(Oy) Eine reactaerce@rr a aeclctoea AUS SNES ea LeI Cece

Helped different teams in different areas when needed.

Trained to comply to OSHA standards and regulations.

Company Name | City , State Fueler/Cashier/Snow Removal 09/2016 - 042017

* Removed and properly disposed of snow for public safety.

¢ Assisted with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.

© Resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.

* Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers and maintain satisfaction keveb.
