CONSTRUCTION INSPECTOR

Profile

Civil Engineer Quality Control Project Manager Process Improvements Safety Compliance Testing/Analysis Accomplished, solutions-oriented,
muttilingual Civil Engineer with extensive engincering, analytical, technical and problenrsolving skills honed over more than ten years within the
construction industry. Highly adept probkm sober, skilled at defining the core mature of issues, identifying and analyzing root causes, and detecting
waste elimination opportunities. Recognized for strong project management skills, kan manufacturing techniques, design and quality standards.
Strong ability to cross-fimction as a team member, leader and independent professional, performing under pressure and meeting all deadlines in any
capacity. Excel at tuming individuals into teams that work efficiently and exceed all expectations. Exceptional academic qualifications, including a
Master of Science degree in Civil Engineering ftom Florida Intemational University.

Nas

Wreteseig@ lied as (occmsxeo Koa kee tle a unolitay PAV Laeco AsO PP ACone ur Usa ousroinynavrame is gi) (ces
AutoCAD / Windows / Linux/ MAC OSX/ MATLAB / Simulink / Xilinx ISE (V.11) / Cadence Orcad / Proteus / Cadence Alegro PCB
design tool / MDK-ARM /ATMEL Studio / CodeVision / SolidWorks

reer poucr anes

TAU ER OL OTs ronaGen sal ee ON mmsitled

TARRY ERO ing Nc cee ON mee

Construction Inspector , 01/2005 to 01/2007 Company Nanx - City , State

Utilize extensive organizational skills to maintain daily logs and suppkement inspection records with photographs.

Meticulously review and interpret plans, blueprints, site hyouts, specifications and construction methods to effectively ensure compliance to
Povlbvaetiva rence e Rs ang caurlali once

¢ Supervise 18 project employees, including in-house, extemal contractors, and sub-contractors.

© Methodically ensure projects are progressing as per schedule and in accordance with Jocal building codes and laws.

© Utilized extensive engineering skills to perform field duties, including post-tension and conventional reinforcing stecl inspection, concrete
placement inspection, masonry inspection, sampling and testing, high-strength bolting and welding inspections done at various project sites.
Systermtically conducted ongoing inspection of work-in- process to ensure final product successfully met drawings and specifications.
Assisted subordinates in understanding the process to increase staff skill levels.

Skillfilly inspected materials to identify conformance to specifications, construction of surface street improvements and equipment installation
activities to ensure conformity of products and systems with engineering design.

¢ Expertly prepared comprehensive and concise daily reports to accurately reflect the day's construction activities with details.

© Meticulously maintained up-to-date project records, as delegated by construction manager, including as-built drawings, material testing
reports, miscellancous inspection and testing reports, item quantity files and others as determined by construction manager to ensure
comprehensive record of activities.

Evaluated quality of mterials used and inspected them and quality of work compketed to ensure all materials and work met requirements.

¢ Employed extensive analytical skills to check plans for accuracy, suitability and completeness, and made recommendations for revision and
improverrent when necessary.

Moe ohmlcncctn requ UEancncene bolt coe ORaucemsee TNR ba eM inl onecNeRbiremvi Nl eR Seana eeaB ares ena
Pan TCR ee 6m

Effectively provided daily feedback on construction work to builders and architects, and expertly advised them on the changes needed for
compliance.

Reliably conducted ongoing inspection of work-in-process to ensure final product met drawings and specifications.

Liaise with clients and a variety of professionals including architects and subcontractors in a professional manner.

Utilize extensive engineering skills to proficiently conduct site inspections.

Meticulously compkte complex and repetitive calculations to ensure construction conforms to code.

Ensure the project effectively complies with all legal requirements.

Fo ESAs ine he RaNuCnn ancl gin suc gee ces ORorsned nce yiierane pi) ce ny

Inspect inventories and prepared orders for civil projects and refractory materials in line with budgeted figures averaging $2,000,000;
coordinated and conducted section trials.

Education and Training

Master of Science : Civil Engineering , 2007 FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY - City , State GPA: GPA: 3.6 Civil Engineering
LCi AURRG

Traffic & Materials Engineering, Construction Methods. Fluid Mechanics & Hydraulics

Bachelor of Science : Civil Engineering FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY - City, State GPA: GPA: 3.8 Civil Engineering GPA: 3.8
Civil Engineering Design, Cost Estimating & Surveying, Structural Analysis & Dynamics, Geotechnical Engineering, Environmental Engineering,
Conerete & Steel Design GPA: Chi Epsilon (Civil Engineering Honor Society), Dean's List Chi Epsilon (Civil Engincerng Honor Society), Dean's
Ba

Bachelor of Science : Construction Technology UNIVERSITY OF PARIS - City, FRANCE GPA: GPA: 3.7 Construction Technology GPA:
Wi

Associate of Science : Mathematics UNIVERSITY OF PARIS - City GPA: GPA: 3.5 Mathematics GPA: 3.5

Certification of Engineer in Training: 2004 *Engincer in Training Certification (EIT)

Affiliations

American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) *National Society of Professional Engineers - Member *National Academy of Engineering - Co-
chair *Institute of Ekectrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) - President

pane
