CONSTRUCTION INSPECTOR

Professional Summary

Core Qualifications

schivor anes

01/2018 to 06/2018

(QS rat eee oad mOU NANT LOIN

© Inspected construction operations on roads and bridges to ensure work was done in accordance with the construction plans and
specifications.

© Interpreted contract requirements through the examination of the specifications and drawings Applied a variety of testing and inspection

techniques.

Resolved specifications, drawings or construction conflicts and problems with site supervisor and/or project manager.

Monitored contractor's construction schedule, materials, and equipment.

Reviewed construction project safety practices and advised the supervisor of any corrective actions.

Documented daily construction activities by utilizing the PennDOT Engineering and Construction Management System.

10/2014 to 11/2017
(Ove omGene oct gnc cs LON mEST| (a

© Picked up and delivered court documents ina polite, resourcefil, and professional manner.
* Coordinated incoming and outgoing nuil.

© Maintained route supply inventory to ensure mail and documents are delivered promptly.

© Provided customer service by giving customers necessary information.

* Maintained delivery records.

© Served individuals and companies with legal documents.

08/2000 to 11/2013
Police Officer (retired) Company Name i City , State

© Patrolked designated areas ina patrol car or on foot to provide assistance, protect persons, and safeguard property.
Enforced NJ State 2C criminal laws and motor vehicle laws.

Apprehended suspects by effecting a lawful arrest in order to take suspects into custody.

Conducted preliminary investigations by interviewing victims and witnesses affer a crime.

Obtained information and maintained notes for investigations.

Prepared investigative reports and supplemental reports to provide an official record of the investigation.

Prepared comphint summonses and warrants.

Served defendants with their summons or warrant.

Testified in New Jersey Courts for traffic and criminal investigations.

Dealt with varied types of persons individually and in groups ina courteous and effective manner.

ARP. UU
Communications Operator Company Name i City , State

* Updated leave, tine, and pay balances for employees.

© Reviewed, mintained, and posted daily schedules and overtime rosters.

© Recorded and maintained informtion using manual or computerized record keeping systems.
© Prepared and distributed applicable reports.

© Received and transmitted calls utilizing telephone and radio systems.

© Dispatched emergency personnel or equipment.

© Issued and received paychecks, mail, keys, and other items.

TEE ae ORIEL
Warehouse Manager and Purchasing Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsible for overseeing the ordering, receiving, restocking, and inventorying of medical supplies and equipment.
© Coordinated and managed the distribution of medical supplies and equipment to nursing homes, home healthcare providers, pharmacies, and
peel albal cy
OE aera)
Security Officer Company Name 14 City , State

© Patrolked store and adjacent premises to maintain order, enforce regulations, and ensure observance of applicable hws.
* Assisted and notified staff during routine problems and emergency situations.

OSE Coe Og ee)
lOvonltey reuse Gee sctiveNcler ty aOlv ml

¢ Qnerated surveillance and search radar. electronic recosnition eaumment. and identification eauinment.
