ASSISTANT MANAGER/ SALES AND RELOCATION SPECIALIST
Summary

Thave been working professionally in the field of multi family housing communities for over two years. My day to day duties are in sales and
relocation assistance, taking tours, helping with resident and client issues, many administrative and office tasks, and processing of monies, following
up with leads, scheduling vendors for maintenance issues, ordering supplies, data collection and weekly reports for our owners, and appointment
setting, I eam and adapt easily, work well with others and am efficient and accurate in my work.

Treceived my B.S. in Appropriate Technology from Appalachian State University in 2012 and am currently completing a second degree part time
online, a B.S.B.E. in Information Technology with East Carolina University.

schivor anes
Assistant Manager/ Sales and Relocation Specialist Jun 2014 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Leasing apartments at two multifamily apartment communities the popular South Park and Third Ward neighborhoods of Charlotte.

© Leasing (sales) of Apartment Homes Helping current residents with all issues and concems.

Assisting maintenance with scheduling service requests, and being a buffer between maintenance and residents; following up with residents
Ceara ed beim

© Walking the model and tour path, clubhouse, business and fitness centers and setting out refreshments at the start ofeach day to maintain a
professional appearance of the community; making sure marketing collateral is out for prospects.

Scheduling appointments for tours; and taking prospects on tours of the community and our model apartments, gathering contact information
from prospects, following up with all prospects with three forms of contact: email, phone and hand written ketter.

Following up on telephone and intemet leads throughout each day.

Answering phones; filing; checking and maintaining property and associate ennil.

SCE Tees ea etlie PAC CDNCnle mona metanclgeuerur tice

Increasing the percentage of residents in compliance with company renter’s insurance requirements.

Complete a weekly market analysis survey including (but not limited to): Current market conditions, nearby acquisitions, and miscellaneous
cy arn acnlom

Follow quarterly marketing plans and go on marketing visits to surrounding businesses weekly.

* Typing new leases and renewals; putting lease files together according to the National Apartment Association checklist/format.

Floating Leasing Agent/Consultant Apr 2013 to Jun 2014
Company Name i City , State

CEs Gece uren Oral iesbrENA Thee UNmeeRr EL DELco

© Helping current residents with all issues and concemis to the best of my ability.

Assisting maintenance with scheduling service requests, and being a buffer between maintenance and residents; following up with residents
Ceara ed beim

© Walking the model and tour path, clubhouse, and fitness center at the start ofeach day to maintain a professional appearance of the
community; making sure marketing colhteral is out for prospects.

Scheduling appointments for tours; and taking prospects on tours of the community and our model apartments, gathering contact information
from prospects, following up with all prospects with three forms of contact: email, phone and hand written ketter.

Following up on telephone and intemet leads throughout each day.

Answering phones; filing; checking and maintaining property and associate ennil.

Total # of Leases in first year: 58.

Maintain the property renewal programs.

Maintained a 55% renewal rate at The Fairington.

Increased percentage of residents at The Fairington in compliance with company renter’s insurance requirements.

September 2013- 72%, April 2014- 99%.

Complete a weekly market analysis survey including (but not limited to): Current market conditions, nearby acquisitions, and miscellaneous
cy arn acnlom

Follow quarterly marketing plans and go on marketing visits to surrounding businesses.

© Typing new leases and renewals; putting lease files together according to the National Apartment Association checklist/format.

Construction Crew Member Jun 2012 to Dee 2013
Company Name i City , State

* Demolition of homes and retail space that were to be remodekd.
¢ Framing and sheet rocking.
© Cleanup of jobsite after remodel or build compkte.

Server Oct 2011 to Feb 2013
Company Name i City , State
