CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE PRESENT
Accomplishments

¢ ADOT Highway plans reading ADOT Pen Computer System Training ATTI Field Asphalt, Soi/Age.

© 14135F ACT Building Performance Institute, Build[ne Analyst Professional Troxler Nuclear Gauge Safety Training, Chass #0110486 8
hour Refresher OSHA hazmat training Cert.

Ce tees serch @aie

¢ Life and Health Insurance, DOI#642125.

schivor anes
Company Name i City , State Customer Service Representative Present

* Extensive experience assisting customers with purchases and retums, constructing displays, training new employees policy and procedures
Awarded customer satisfaction card, altemate customer service supervisor.

Company Name i City , State Construction Materials Technician

¢ Highway construction plans, construction inspection procedures and specifications; materials testing procedures, personal computers and
the use of applicable software.

© Commumicated and coodinated construction schedules with the necessary paties, and ensured that work complied with project approved
plans, standards and specifications.

© Work out of town was common.

Company Name i City , State Construction Quality Assurance Inspector

* Served as a Special Ministry counselor to individual(s) and fanilies to provide free basic relocation assistance.

Identify the clients problem(s), present solutions, and work in a team setting.

Informing clients of prerequisite for assistants, assessed information, and collaborated with team on the recommended decision.

Collaborated with private contractors, the public, State management to ensure that work complied with approved plans, standards and

specifications.

© Prepared and submitted field task reports of materials sampled and field test to State district head office with calculations of QA monitored
or client.

¢ Chassified as a level II State inspector after completion of first assignment.

© Expected to competently perform any new assignments tasked.

Company Name i City , State Geologist/Assistant Lab Manager

© Supervising geologic and geophysical activities involving various types of analysis, data interpretation, preparation of geologic report
findings.
Education and Training
Morehead State University City , State Bachelors of Arts : Political Science Political Science
Certifications
ACI Concrete Field testing Grade 1 Cert.01029787
als
Pe ON Acc mui e me eae COO ORC SHML meee cer mI CUL Omi hed CMe NCO onilenm dcr lcmeiteom ae
Rea een ec RTS
