CONSTRUCTION WORK
Career Overview

Highly skilled in working with people. Main course of work has been in the Construction area but computers were ako a big asset to my
knowledge as running a business requires the use ofa computer and skills as many other things.

Qualifications
© Strong analytical skills
¢ Project managerrent
© Strong collaborative skills
¢ Document management

Ce Kesha
© Excellent probkmsolving skills
PIE Gis onusracccrcmcccntent

Accomplishments
Leadership A

¢ Served as leader and instructor of new sub-contractors.
bree ane

© Managed compkx projects, facilitating acquisition of business requirements.
¢ Prepared specifications, developed reporting and analytics Website Design

Cae Barre
© Created accent graphics, banner ads, icons, animations and logos using WordPress.
Client Interface A

© Collaborated on client engagement strategy to drive entry into risk-driven project methodology, improving accuracy of project defmition,
sizing estimates, and resource budget planning,

¢ Improved client relationships and project predictability through shared business and teclmical perspectives, agreed project roles, risk
assessiment, use cases, transparent business-aligned developrrent efforts, and time-boxed delivery.

VeRO Or Lee

© Initiated developnent team evolution strategy and deployed best practices, such as team building, hard work development and repeatable
PT ss
¢ Defined project skill sets in Ine with methodology and drove training,

A ea oncnanacy
Company Name May 2014 to Current Construction Work
OE

Prepared and presented technical proposals for clients.

Meeting with the engineers and inspectors for all of the work they needed was ako a part of my job.
Fcc ian PELs hed corp ce@ hem Lem ecco) doluilcrieceesM ob araea NCE

How to interact with all of the workers and engineers and inspectors.

The process of scheduling who to come during what time was ako clearly visible for me.

T have keamed how to set up a frame.

How to read blueprints.

I have perfected my skills of interacting with different people on a very professional kevel.

Working with heavy machinery was also infised with my work.

Time planning also taught me a great amount of skills.

Company Name March 2012 to Current Owner
ORC

Each day I come to my office and get the work orders that I can compkte that day.

I plan each day accordingly so that I am efficient as possible.

I drive to job sites and do very professional type of work.

Interacting with neighbors happens daily so I have keamed to interact ina very professional type of way, answering any questions they have
re cobreeuviecona ental eaorelioes

Doing work with buildings plays a major role because I have to winterize the houses.

Finding broken pipes in the walls and submitting them to the larger companies.

Probkm+solving skills are used daily.

Fcc nie ewe nReli etm Leama engeenicte en
