DIRECTOR FACILITIES PLANNING, DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION
Executive Profile

A leader working in a large integrated academic medical center (www.uwhealthorg) focused on integrated business planning and facility design
and development driven by operational improverrent and teamwork. Experienced in all aspects of facility support and construction.

Skill Highlights
* Health care business planning
© Experience inall aspects of health care support services
© Team leader in process improvement combined with facility design
© Full design, construction and implementation planning for new

* Boundary spanning professional

¢ Management of large capital budgets

© Contract development and negotiation for multiple project
delivery methods

. coun ea staffof design and construction : Hapa due an a Pan eee
professionals oa i ° eee
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

© UW Health at the American Center - Fifty bed orthopedic hospital with integrated clinics, and health and wellness center. 500,000 square
feet, August 2015 opening

© American Family Children's Hospital - Eighty bed full service pediatric hospital with NICU, PICU and Pediatric Oncology. Full complement
of outpatient services including imaging center, 280,000 square feet, 2007 opening with an additional vertical expansion of 54,000 square
feet (www.uwhealthkids.org)

© UW Health Rehab Hospital - Fifty beds to support the orthopedic hospital, Septerrber 2015 opening

© Integrated design and construction management departments to increase economies of scale and increase customer responsiveness
professionalism

© Managed over $1 billion in construction projects

Professional Experience

June 2012

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Director Facilities Planning, Design and Construction

© Directed complete Facility Master pln including system wide, cross entity planning for all existing facilities and green field site analysis

© Directed the planning, systems improverment teams, design and construction acquisition process, for a new orthopedic hospital and
associated rehab hospital

© Led the integration of construction, interiors, art, drafting, planning and design teams

© Initiated the development ofa cross entity business planning assessment process for capital projects

RIB 10)

to

May 2012

Company Name City , State Director Facilities Planning

© Managed $800+ nillion in capital projects with some annual budgets exceeding $100 million including co-leading the construction ofa 80
bed pediatric hospital.

Incorporated Lean process improvernent methods in design of the facilities projects.

Developed and implemented a five - year facility master plan. Assisted in hospital wide strategic planning initiatives with respect to facility
Clonee

Impknented capital project budget developrent, budget tracking, project management and accounting system, Strata Cap and Strata
Bice a

Impkmented multiple project delivery method RFPs and contractual documents including the consolidation ofall fiscal year design and
orurcoua Nor ene Lestacamue tina crea cdr Pay ones keenauinet eosin ce

Managed all aspects of real estate development including property acquisition, kase negotiations and municipal approval processes
Primary liaison with UW Madison School of Medicine, campus planning and construction group and local communities for development
ben

January 1986

to

January 1996

Company Name City , State Planning Coordinator

© Coordinated the analysis, development and implementation of clinical programs and capital projects.

* Coordinated projects with campus and state project managers. Performed 4€oxCONAE analysis for capital projects.

¢ Assisted in the development ofa quasi - private 4€cepublic authoritya€ capital project system to meet State of Wisconsin accountability
requirements including the creation of the commercial bond issue to finance projects.

© Managed capital equipment project budgets in excess of 500,000 annually.
