CONSTRUCTION BOOKKEEPER
Summary

Accounting Professional offering 13 years experience in bookkeeping and an effective, analytical approach to identifying and solving compkx
probkens.

Highlights
* Intuit QuickBooks specialist
© General kedger accounting skills © Proficient in outlook, excel, word
© Ethical approach to finance © Broad knowledge of office equipment
* Strong communication skills © Excellent computer skills
© Complex problem solving Ce cense\ asa
« Accounting operations professional © Benefits and 401 k administration
© Fiscal budgeting knowledge ¢ HR experience
© Managerial aptitude © Pa Notary Public
CREW Elilinetinncet ei seraediitotwer ates

Accomplishments

© Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system

© Increased profit by working with vendors to reduce cost of goods Established new credit criteria for new accounts.
CE Ots oS oneich omnes icine)

* Track expenses and accounts receivable

© Reduce paper clutter, organize files

© Successfilly worked through accounting system change over. Trained staffon Quickbooks

* Impkmented on line services to improve efficiency

schivor anes

Construction Bookkeeper , 09/2016 to 12/2016 Company Name 1% City , State Compkted a temporary roll for a construction company located
in Southern New Jersey. In this roll I cleaned up and organized the data that was and was not entered into Quickbooks, worked with Builder
‘Trend to map information correctly in to Quickbooks. Entered all vendor bills and expenses and invoices A into Buiter Trend for job costing,
paid high volume of accounts payable. Balanced monthly bank statements and credit card accounts. Ran monthly reports in Builder's Trend and
Quickbooks. Provided accountant with end of year information as requested.

Bookkeeper , 01/2015 to 08/2016 Company Name it City , State

AR/ AP

Payroll Administration

Sales Tax Filings

Monthly Financial Reports

lee sirale entra

Payment Applications

Job Costing

Insurance Certificates.A

Converted old accounting system to Quickbooks

Office Manager/Full Charge Bookkeeper , 08/2003 to 01/2015 Company Name i City , State

Maintenance Supply company with 6,000 customers and 30 vendors.

Supervised office of 10 employees.

Full charge processing ofall accounts receivable and payable.

Reconcile bank and credit card accounts .Record general ledger entries Establish customer credit les and set up credit accounts with
vendors Processed payroll Prepared federal and state tax retums Analyzing general ledger accounts to identify and resolve variances or
unidentified items Prepare and post cash deposit to the AR system and generates supporting reports Review and post lock box and wire
payments Process manual and recurring credit card payments, ACH payments, credit memos, charge backs, returns, bad checks, and
check requests Research root causes of unidentified payments and perform adjustrents Assisted in collection efforts.

Did weekly Accounts Receivable Aging reports, mailed out reminders and made follow up phone calls Logged all results.

© Manage all petty cash and office supply expense accounts.

Bank Branch Manager , 01/1990 to 08/2003 Company Name 1% City , State

© Total mvolverent with all customer service including probkm solving, on the spot decision making, leading and motivating the team.
¢ Supervised eleven employees.

© Performed reviews, disciplmary reports, attendance and performance records.

* Increased sales by motivating sales team Maintained deposits over 30 milion and loans over 10 million.

¢ Followed bank guidelines and regulations.

© Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed.
