SENIOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER,

Professional Summary

SQ uate lena wee Ec aa UICi LCT MT CULL Ea eteect tiem Rar cyanea cone co Bec mSr Te ET e
Land Developrent, Infrastructure, Wet and Dry (PGE/SCE) utilities, Road Paving/Engineering, Caltrans/Public Works, Permits and Traffic
Control. Twenty+ years experience ona team oriented, multi-disciplinary environment in the commercial, industrial and residential fick.
eS ora ccer ana mentee oul aLccet@nlinainany cbt asononro mae dare brcrl enemy oT
plans, submittals/RFI, approving bid packages, proposals, RWO, WO and CO. Coordinate and scheduk all phases of construction, safety,
erosion control, land development, infrastructure, shut downs, tic ins, paving/road and environmental solutions. Forward planning, grading, CPUC:
G.O. 95, 128 and rule 20, street utility improverrents, bond rekase and final Fire Dept. inspections to start the reimbursement and building
echoes Use OE Smee koe aoc geek canine Nuendo Seesirat nner k td ented
projects with up to $225M and 200+ employees, fleet of heavy equipment and material from conception to compktion within budget and on time.
Core Qualifications

Microsoft Project, SAP, SRM, BPC, SCADA, GIS, Word, Excel, Power Point and Outhok

 Erayanecd

Senior Construction Project Manager

January 2002 Company Name

CGH ieee aoe

Projects Completed: PG&E Projects: Electrical EGI/ Substation San Luis Obispo, CA.

Management, coordination, forecasting and scheduling Electrical Generating Interconnection, Substation and SCADA ( E, EP and EPC)
construction, operational and pre-operational equipment, land development, grading, infrastructure, environmental and animal abatement
solutions for a number of Transmission and Distribution, SCADA automation projects located in California Los Padres, area 4 region.

© AcraSturgeon Services Intl.

¢ Project: Industrial Bakersfield, CA Managerrent, coordination and scheduling of construction, land developrrent, grading, infrastructure and
environmental solutions for a Water Treatment Injection Plant n Beldridge, California.

Brinderson, Project: Commercial Industria’ Public Works Bakersficki, CA Management and coordination for the $225M design built
Energy Procurement and Production: engineering, land development, infrastructure, road estimating/paving and construction of several
commercial buildings, installation of piping, controls, monitoring and pre-operational process equipment for the development and
enhancement of two kases in Lost Hills Califomia.

Commercial Industria Public works Santa Fe Springs, CA Management, coordination, scheduling and estimating for the design built,
engineering, paving, land developrent and construction projects such as the expansion of the Naval Facility in Pearl Harbor Hawaii, Water
Treatrent Plant expansion projects in Bakersfield and Wind Turbine Project for The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.

¢ Reynen&Bardis Comm, Project: Residential’ Public Works Visalia, CA Construction and Land Development management of numerous
Urusei cbeha eG AAA ms tu ednarelene fuer css

Coordination and scheduling of engineering, infrastructure, public works and road/highway paving.

Review and approved all bid proposals, invoices, RWO, WO and CO.

(Orie eR CULO INA Si eceTe cB ice Dund

officials for final street improvement inspections to initiate the bond reimbursement process.

Surveying, grading, underground wet and dry utilities, rule 20 and city improverrents for fiture expansion.

KBHonr, Project: Residential’ Public Works Valencia, CA Management, coordination and scheduling with Forward Plaming, City/County
Buikiing Departments and subcontractors for the completion of surveying, grading, underground wet/dry utilities, road paving/engincering,
S.W.P.P.P.

compliance and public works.

Bon release street improvement inspections for security deposit reirbursement.

tabs

inspection for occupancy of numerous residential projects throughout the Central Valley and LA County.

Lundgren Management, Project: Commercial Public Works Valencia, CA Managed, coordinated and scheduled prime contractors for an
elementary school infrastructure project.

In charge ofall pre-construction and construction set up, surveying, offsite wet/dry utilities, soil report verification and setting up grading for
Final PetiRec wile GiSeceLony

Reviewed bid packages/proposals, permits, submittals, R.F.I.8arsquo;s, and change orders.

* Safety and compliance with SWPPP ruks.

MFO he yiloae Loan) Bunn aol escliet mM OW /cnnas Meco oeme ns Renae aeknecaiica enlists
all phases of construction to compketion.

Patol ce Renna g ts non Le mA CMON LCM eine) ae Roane POM eno ratio) ct (one

Assured safety and compliance with S.W.P.P.P.

pi ccesleeBisetlsi Leto

Responsibk for all surveying, grading wet/dry utilities, street improvements, traffic control and road paving/enginering.

er er ee ee ee °

mY ry ee er)

Nore Qoiauraleiurleamclaoag
AEs wAlley4

CCH ni mekce
© Projects Completed Continue:
PES COO seem elon euniiaid ric OWA Lao ud GoynenicOonanirena ialiNairleict mane at Etre]
