SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER
Professional Summary

Anbitious Construction Executive experienced in commercial construction with over 30+ years of experience. Proactive, resourcefill and
hardworking with strong follow-through. Excellent problemrsolving and time managerrent abilities.

als

* Advanced probkemsolving OM rennin

© Project planningand development * Negotiations expert

© Finance and accounting CaS Stcslgec ome) sat ied

* Enployee rehtions PE Guiiringiay auasecBcooe tien esltetcs
Work History

Company Name Senior Project Manager ] City , State | August 2017 - Current

Opening of Denver Operations for McCauley Constructors Establishing protocols, procedures and reporting mechanisivs for a satellite
location Procurement and management of tears to establish a stand-alone profit center Act as the liaison with min company office
Ronee MeO Eo Nt Rares lice anit oPcgen ste are EO RE Teles ekw Oy wS Untelert
Polio

Monitored the market to capitalize on the latest trends.

Supervised the work of team members, offering constructive feedback on their work performance.

Monitored timelines and flagged potential issues to be addressed.

Collaborated with the Pre-Construction department to ensure accurate and complete project budgets.

Company Name President | City , State | November 2010 - August 2017

Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.

Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general contractor, the owner and the owner's consultants.
Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.

Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications fromall of the construction administration consultants.
Reviewed and investigated Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR).

Stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all FFE installations.

Sisinitcnlt neecuceecenlmieutmurcbibieserencRuillluecaeiicies

Assigned projects and tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties.

Accurately provided status information on project progress to the project management.

Led and managed resolution ofall issues during project construction and commissioning phases.

Led the planning, budgeting and direction ofall construction projects.

Carefillly coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards.

Company Name Senior Project Manager ] City , State | January 2006 - November 2010

Managed teams of on-site subcontractors on multipk sites simultaneously.

Acted as the liaison with company safety representatives to promote awareness and understanding of safety protocols.
Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all on site issues.

Directed all phases of commercial construction projects, from budgeting A to closcout.

Collaborated with the Accounting department to implement electronic accounts payable system.

Company Name President | City , State | January 2003 - December 2005

Oversaw business-wide changes to modemize procedures and organization.

Developed program to promote new managers from within, leading to a cohesive kadership structure.

Obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor persomel.

‘Trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members.A

Company Name Project Manager | City , State ] April 1999 - December 2002

Kept meticulous records ofall costs and expenses and analyzed that data against the budget.

Managed between 10 to 20 projects per year.

Directed changes to the project scope and cost and implemented appropriate change management processes to keep the project on track.
Provided outstanding service to clients to not only maintain but to extend the relationship for fiture business opportunities.

Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets.

Company Name Project Manager | City , State ] April 1997 - March 1999

Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets.
