ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Highly motivated and enthusiastic individual with multiple years experience in both fast-paced office settings and on-site construction settings.
Resourcefitl, professional, hardworking team player offering expertise in various fiekls such as custorrer service, saks, clerical support, office
mmnagenent, data entry, project management, inventory allocation, general construction labor, painting, residential cleaning, general landscaping,
customer relations, communications, and technical support. Self-motivated work ethic with the ability to perform effectively in independent or team
environments. Responsible, punctual, and productive professional with high attention to detail and strong organizational skills. Ability to handle
multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy as well as anticipate professional needs and proactively identify and resolve
problens while boosting operational efficiency. Attentive and personable worker eager to eam and take on new challenges while maintaining
efficient and accurate operations.

Skills
¢ Spreadsheet Management at A 5
A Hae ariversy
© Program Files Maintenance aed ele i
ae reel fects co ane ee Se
© Customer & Clint Relations en eared ti
© Multi-line Telephone Systems es ee
* Office & Team Rieke pei . rare Patni blteaerand
° reread ant peiliae a Cash Register Operations
lade paladins © Inventory Managerrent & Support
© FoxitPDF Sed Knowledge , encanta YPP
* Saks eas A Cae vlica@ chao’
© Fike Conversion & Sharing Re Teer oneness
" Expense Rep sank * Contract Preparation
© Invoke Processing ae ere
ala al ba eee © Purchase Order Preparation
Ate P So ascd Pee Geniuccrcem asinine
¢ Residential Painting & Preparation

Work History
Adiministrative Assistant 04/2019 to 11/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Supported efficient Zoom & conference call meetings by organizing materials, documenting discussions and distributing meeting notes.
Developed and updated spreadsheets and databases to track, analyze, and report on performance, sales, and project data using MS Excel.
Managed company Cloud and Zoho databases for both international and domestic office locations, converting complex data into easy-to-
Sita RRS

RoiccbtreRcionockul asians mun ecenressrinecnm ance omaey serch ue cece

Processed invoices and expenses using MS Excel and FoxitPDF software to facilitate on-time payment.

Developed and updated record filing system on office servers to improve document organization and managerrent.

Performed general office duties, including but not limited to handling inter-office and customer emis, sending and receiving faxes, answering
multi-line phone system & routing calls, delivering messages to staff, maintaining office petty cash and recording transactions, managing
payments and orders ofall office bills and supplies, creating and updating physical records and digital files on office servers.

Maintained staffand customer directories and company policy handbook for human resources departrrent using MS Publisher, MS Word.
© Prepared and edited bid requests, proposals, purchase orders, project specs, transmittal, RFI's, extra work orders, and new work orders
for organizational and clerical support using MS Office programs.

Composed internal memos and extemal correspondence for senior management and reviewed all documentation to eliminate errors.

© Successfilly orchestrated and coordinated annual NISD conference meetings, including such responsibilities as booking conference location
and facilities, arranging travel and hotel accommodations for all speakers and attendees, assisting with development and production of
conference agenda, schedule, presentations, itinerary, ID badges, and conference welcome packages for all attendants.

Responded to ermails and other correspondence, acting as liaison between overseas offices and subcontractors to facilitate communication
and enhance business processes.

Downloaded and distributed project and bid project files via FTP Sites and BOX file sharing.

COC CRG UUM CaUEUiE Gesllnn cae auasecielra cased bere) [oo cm

« Assisted with managing accounts payable and receivable as well as creating detailed expense reports for accounting department.

Cashier 12/2017 to 08/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Processed POS transactions, including checks, cash, EBT cards, and credit purchases or refinds.

* Received, processed, and accurately prepared all food orders placed by customers.

¢ Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with over 99% accuracy.

© Counted, balanced, and accurately reported all cash and electronic transactions, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies at
beginning and end ofeach shift.

¢ Replenished sakes floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.
