CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT REPAIRER/ SHOP FOREMAN/ SQUAD LEADER
Summary

Maurice Madison, a United States Army veteran, offers expertise in property accountability, logistics and configuration management. Highly
motivated, with Technical and Mechanical Engineering Support professional. Strong verbal, listening and writing skills. Comfortable in interacting
with all levels of the organization and public. Able to negotiate and problem solve quickly, accurately, and efficiently. Adept at multitasking to
achieve individual and team goals. Diverse background includes, customer service and supervision. Committed to quality and excellence. Works
well with others and with minimum supervision. Computer literate, with strong electronic, electrical and mechanical skills. Customer oriented
problem solver with an ability to adapt to new situations. A quick leamer with a desire for continuous personal growth.

Perentens

Athletic Training - Budget planning .
Marketing Public Relations -Presentations -Resource management : ecu
Communications - Windows proficiency ar ren paneer pees
Facilities Mgmt. -Mac proficiency aren er
Office Experience -Planning -Computer Knowledge -Logistics es A ‘ A
Case Management Research -Microsoft Word , tian aha pneumatic systems repair
Ce a , Ceesrralblerrmucetne pono
Bookkeeping -Microsoft PowerPoint AV ren tera es
PEO rane uM beelcineeticd
Ca dondusnesienacriy

Accomplishments

United States Army Basic Training.

United States Army Ordinance Schoo! Advanced Individual Training Graduate.

United States Army Airbome School! Graduate.

Fm Scyal OR NEC ea oater aaa lllaes

yet a ieP atin esalaceniena@\y ets

Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.

Yonsei lNarey Nets eMC ME Hien ceotnneRcetion ena LeRcie dhe cM Oe RCCl em

Maintained 100% accountability of'a large section of equipment worth over S65 million during multiple overseas deployments.
Expanded mult-lateral relations with Iraq and Afghanistan to strengthen security and partnership.

schivor anes
Construction Equipment Repairer/ Shop Foreman/ Squad Leader
August 2001 to March 2015 Company Name - City, State

Serves as a heavy construction vehicle repairer mechanic and assisted in the professional development, discipline, and training of soldiers
and peers.

Oversaw and performed maintenance on construction equipment used for earth moving, grading, compaction, loading, quarrying, mixing,
surfacing, pumping and powered bridging.

Squad Leader to First Line Supervisor.-Directly supervised, trained, and evaluated 40 personnel, supporting over 2,000 troops in four
countries, with an inventory list of 1,500 line items, and material assets valued at $65M including large vehicles).

Areas of expertise included personnel management, logistics, and operations.

Senior managerent level, gained considerable responsibility for strategic planning and tactical application.

Effective decision-maker in high-pressure enviroments.

Maintained compkte accountability during redeployment ofall sensitive items and communication equipment.

lentiiay
October 1999 to May 2001 Company Name - City , State

let sussoan cm

Applying basic computer skills.

Greet customers, account for purchases and accuracy of

customer orders, handle money.

PCSOs ems ig pets Lee

Fev Aureos rab ccrioniwnncce Lect eect ne tia

UNIS CONE eb TeMunUbecrnectig se) Le com d Rvaan eR OLRM tC Ke
Training new employees with hands-on.

computer instruction and audio/visual orientation with a hiring manager.

brairestbeny
High Schoo! Diplom : 2001 Miami Northnwestem Senior High - City , State
Additional Information
