CONSTRUCTION ADMINISTRATION AND OBSERVATION
Professional Summary
Motivated Construction Manager highly eflective at finding the best methods possible to complete exceptional construction projects. Strong
knowledge of civil engineering principles and concepts.
Skills
© OSHA Certified
Excellent customer relations
General contracting professional
Subcontractor management
Knowledgeable in construction safety
Best building practices
Interior and exterior renovation
Scaffolding
Fall Protection Plan (FPP)
Strong interpersonal skills
Design experience
Project scheduling
SETH ate at ie Roe an aoc}

Work History
Construction Administration and Observation , 05/2009 to 09/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Construction Administration and Observation,

Full project administration from planning to close out.

Duties include but are not limited to:

Project planning, documentation, submittal review, cost analysis, progress payments, quantity review, and Project proposak, contract
documents, project technical specifications, design criteria, etc.

Preliminary Engineering reports, cost estimation, engineering reports, enviromental analysis for project planning,

Mapping using ArcGis, and AutoCAD Civil 3D 2013.

Observe and report progress on multiple projects, mainly with Water, Waste Water, Transportation, Civil, Parking Lots, and Landfill
Sn RGEC Ge

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.

Obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personel.

Worked with construction administration consultants to plan fick observations on schedule.

Digitally archived weekly progress and technical é€ocKnowledge Basea€ photographs ofall assigned projects.
Prepared and followed through on all required punch lists.

Oversaw the entire building tumover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management.
Assisted the operations group with warranty service repairs.

Determined the project schedule, which included the sequence of all construction activities.

Prepared regular interval progress reports.

Guided and directed third-party inspectors through project construction, commissioning and closeout.
Avoided construction delays by efficiently following through with all site mspections in a timely manner.
Impkmented systems to improve process efficiency and reduce the project duration.

Scheduled all contractors and mnterials deliveries.

Trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members.

Senior Construction Observer , 04/2008 to 04/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Observe and report progress on multiple projects dealing mainly with Water and Waste Water, Transportation, and Civil improvenents.
Duties include but not limited to be submittal review, cost analysis, progress payments, quantity review, field reports and photos.
Constructability review of design and base bid cost review, Specifications analysis per type of project review.

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personel.

Reported to the vice president of production on conformance with the contract schedule.

Worked with construction administration consultants to plan fick observations on schedule.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.
