CONSTRUCTION & RESIDENTIAL CLEANING
Professional Summary

Detail-oriented professional with strong technical skills and the ability to leam concepts quickly.

Core Qualifications
Cee BeantCeorcsiac| , A
‘i an © Opening/closing procedures
eared aero
Par arerenen : © Reliable team worker
cap errne rarities © Neat, clean and professional appearance
ae anne ia pee CRE Ge in ialyemintn ence erm encatine ee eele ely
aon enceuaient create exterior cleaning
¢ Excellent multi-tasker : Paneer
eo tenets , aie etd
© Decision mking skills pnts A
near ¢ Customer-service focused
Ra nee eee © Strong communication skills
© Safety-oriented ° Naa ing background
© Production scheduling iets
schivor anes
Company Name January 2013 Construction & Residential Cleaning
lena El CG

Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.Continually cleaned work areas and equipment.Polished fimiture and metal fixtures. Dusted and
mopped all hard surfices.Cleaned Venetian blinds, including washing and vacuuming them Scraped gum off of hard surfaces and carpet.Dusted
furniture, walls, machines and equipment. Traveled to and from work sites ina timely manner.Moved and carried equipment and finiture.Cleaned
MIM EISHIGLLS DNC oMn Grate mntbiecElLounmnlovmnarictcaeliM alarm callin cram lee elitccgne
elie reste sinecm

Company Name May 2008 to October 2012 Store Manager
lena El CG

Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints.
Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.

Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands. Directed and supervised employees engaged in saks, inventory-taking and reconciling
cash receipts. Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. Compkted a series of training sessions to
advance from Assistant Manager to Store Manager. Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies. Maintained daily record of all
transactions. Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.
(OV Mob rewire «eee cctenaL sea lntce

Company Name June 2000 to March 2008 Store Manager
lena El CG

With CVS i started in the warehouse shipping items to stores and worked my way up in the company. ...Selected products for specific routes
according to pick sheets. Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping Rotated stock by code and receiving date. Transported
goods fromracks, shelves and vehicles. Banded, wrapped, packaged and cleaned equipment. Packed containers and re-packed damaged
containers. I then transfered to working in the stores in management position......Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each
customer. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints. Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. Reorganized
the sales floor to meet company demands. Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.
Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. Completed a series of training sessions to advance from
Assistant Manager to Store Manager. Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies. Trained all new managers on store procedures
and policies. Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.
(OV Mob rewire «eee cctenaL sea lntce

Company Name July 1993 to July 1999 Time Keeper / Shipping / Quality Control
lena El CG

T put in the time for all the employees into the system and the duties performed ona daily basis...Helped achieve company goals by supporting
production workers. Maintained proper stock levels ona line. Developed production tracking and quality control systems, analyzing production,
quality control, mmintenance and other operational reports, to detect production problems. Monitored and adjusted production processes or
equipment for quality and productivity. Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using tools such as calipers, micrometers,
height gauges, protractors and ring gauges. Started up and shut down processing equipment.
