PROJECT ENGINEER & PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
Thave a Construction Project Manager and Engineer with over 20 years of experience, including recent projects in commercial and multi
residential. Expert at problen+resolution and planning and managing projects from inception through completion. I am experienced in supervising
all levels of technicians, engineers, and craft and in building relationships with international tears of managers and staff. I have an excellent oral and
\ritten communication skill. Also eleven years of comprehensive accounting, management experience, cross-trained in numerous accounting
fimctions, dealt with private companies. Areas of expertise comprise the following: *Excellent Communication Skill *Efficient Management and
Leadership ability *Effective budgeting and cost management of projects *Expertise with latest tools and techniques *Efficient planning and
coordination of activities *Effective quality checking of final deliveries *Excellent Time Management to finish the work scheduled on Time
Skills

© Auto Cad
Quickens (included Quick Books), Timberland
Asis BSatS
MS Office 2003-2010 (Excel, Access, Word, Power Point)
Microsoft Project
Primavera P3, P6
Primavera Contract Management
Hold CIVIL ENGINEER LICENSE; Affiliated with the Chamber of Civil Engineering (Turkey).

schivor anes
Project Engineer & Project Manager
AT rePUIRORGI aa Gerrans LOiNY

© Established record of competence in professional roles requiring proficiencies in engincering and monitoring.

* Asa Civil Engincer/ Construction Engineer ( DCHFA- DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY,
WASHINGTON DC ), managed a 4500 affordable units in delivery of engineering services for complex projects ( Multi family ,
commercial and single family houses ); directed all preliminary studies/surveys, design/ayout, and costing for projects - and contributed to
project presentations before, Procurement, Contract Coordination, and Construction through completion and start-up.
Produce on-the-spot engineering as required to complete the projects.

Design and review green building projects (LEED certified or Green Building Act) for additional platfonvs, routed air piping.
Revise CAD drawings for as-built status and AIA Contracts (A-201, A-211, A-111, A-101).

Assist with the preparation of written proposals and written responses to RFPs, RFQs for public and private sector projects.
Prepare preconstruction and construction scheduling,

PAM Some oretRae tise elnemiiar]Menmceluneee Rte ance Neer elem

Check quality of final product and deliverables at each phase.

Prepare articks for activities, cost, and other things.

[Oh eters ne cuCmwmleareneacrltice Lee

Review blue prints and design before development.

Handk team of workers and engineers.

Prepare equipment and instrumentation folders for one-source maintenance reference.

Use PTL e VU RCMH MOU CM Re Srra cece m eel innedia ge yo hm

Prepare weekly, bi-weekly and monthly construction meeting.

Prepare and revise monthly Requisition and Change Orders AIA Documents (G702, G703).

[ecirceP NPC OT itm

Construction Sr. Project Manager
January 1996 to January 2006 Company Name ¥% City , State

© T review and ensure that the contract and regulations documents of projects are as per standards and do not violate any government or legal
reguhtions.

© I managed and supervised a 25 members working in various constructions projects in the organization.

© I efficiently managed more than 4 projects at a time and Coordinated construction activities all projects given to me effectively.

T also did budget analysis and cost analysis ofall the projects given to me and scheduled all tasks and activities without foregoing quality to

keep the budget and cost under control which was well appreciated by the management.

Checked quality of final product and deliverables at each phase.

Prepared articles for activities, cost and other things.

[Oh eters ne cuCmwmleareneacrltice Lee

Reviewed blue prints and design before development.

Handk 20 million dollar project in scheduled time period.

Handkd team of workers and engineers.

Prepared puncir list with scope, drawings, bill of material, and preliminary pricing,

Prepared weekly, bi-weekly and monthly construction meeting,

Revised monthly Requisition and Change Orders AIA Documents (G702, G703, G701, G704).

Project Engineer
January 1989 to January 1990 Company Name i City
