CONSTRUCTION WORKER
Professional Summary

RY OCaml Renainly @ eect enccR ni GMiteomie mim restatorl Gem Mint ernReneke loa ia miBocia rent muta
volume environments. Flexible work and shift schedule with expertise operating basic hand and power tools. Excellent work performance in
individual and team roles combined with superior attendance record. Compkte efficient and welt organized stock replenishment with appealing
displays to drive sakes. Smoothly locate and palletize desired stock to support timely floor stocking. Driven and tean+oriented with good sense of
business and customer needs. Seasonal Stock Associate with positive and friendly customer retail store experience. Quickly processes transfers,
shiprenis, darmges, supplies, mistakes and overall organization ofstock areas. Maintains stock and displays on retail floor. Participates in

Cerri Meeee BrsbistniMcee nce at wena niet ram i “1Uetcm

als
© Teanroriented and dependable © Product Restocking
CEST! koe ionranaeeacitee) CRTs (ower sine
© Preventive and Reparative Maintenance «= Merchandise Stocking
® Materials Handling © Shelving of Products
© Debris removal Ce ivenieaa gamed
© Warehouse operations knowkdge © Heavy lifting
CEs oo cutee rrem cop) aiiciiinsd CMe Aiopenccnt as
Work History

Construction Worker , 01/2020 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Installed new structures, updated systems and replaced wom components to bring buildings up to current codes.

Measured dimensions of finished workpieces for conformance to specifications, using precision measuring instruments, templates and
bitin

Gathered waste and trash from job sites for placement in refuse containers to keep job sites clean and organized.

Performed general housekeeping and cleaning tasks, including, sweeping, pulling weeds, painting and power washing.

Used measuring tools such as gauges and tape measure to identify conforming parts during production.

Safely operated mowers, chain saws, electric clippers, sod cutters and pruning saws to clear construction sites, roadbeds and access roads.
Attended safety trainings and workshops offered by employer, bolstering overall knowledge of appropriate measures and determining areas
requiring improverrent.

Used radios and hand signals to coordinate communication between equipment operators and ground workers.

Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.

Provided first class customer service to meet all deadlines with guaranteed satisfaction.

Loaded, unloaded and moved mnterial to and from storage and production areas.

Gathered and disposed of work site debris to remove safety hazards and boost team productivity.

Supported customer preferences with basic carpentry work such as installing wooden floors and crown mokling.

Monitored machines during operation to detect sounds of malfimctioning or excessive vibration and adjusted machines or replaced tools to
eliminate problens.

Monitored mterials inventory and requested items for restocking for each job.

Enhanced team efficiency and multitasking abilities by effectively using hand tools, power tools and equipment.

Brought materials and tools from trucks and storage facilities to work site locations and organized for expected needs.

Provided accurate measurements and estimates for all projects.

QU Hic M Kee oMet ohne amecsieeremraume i nremicc@ rela slslbieecu me) cuniecs

Produced parts and assemblies quickly and efficiently within tolerances.

Recognized and reported potential project challenges and assisted with solutions.

Determined mnterials needed for daily shift and loaded vehicles with equipment and supplies.

Stocker , 10/2020 to 01/2021
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Operated manual and electric pallet jacks, safely relocating heavy merchandise on sakes floor for timely stocking.

Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to vendors.

Rotated stock correctly to prevent out-of-date products and removed aging items from main shelving to build special promotional displays.
Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to uncover and address inaccuracies.
Maintained accurate inventory records to provide data for use in audits and compketion of order requests

Checked packages and merchandise for darmge and notified vendors.

QUIS e ism aaicM Me HNUnor Tem eRe rece

Blocked and faced products on displays and shelves in accordance with company policy.

Moved and lifted heavy loads of merchandise using jack equipment.

Collaborated with backroom and receiving team, working night shifis to support inventory fulfillment goals.

Greeted customers and directed to requested products.

Helped customers locate desired items and transfer oversized items to vehicks.

Changed sales floor signs to show current pricing and support product promotions.
