OWNER’ FABRICATOR/ WELDER

Experience

Oop riorcOTM\(occy

October 2017 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Design, Plan, Construct, and market various type of welding projects for purchase such as Gate, Panels, Cattle Guards, Horse shoe art, and
Home DACcor.

© Fumiture and Antique restoration.

¢ Farmequipment repair.

Cm Wl lea ie etnies

Heavy Equipment Operator
August 2017 to October 2017 Company Name i City , State

© Operated Track hoe to excavate Live Gas lines from Atlanta GA to Chattanooga TN at marked Pls in order to test pipe density for
Anomnlies on the 24” Northwestem Georgia expansion project.

¢ Lowered in pipe, coordinating with other operators to compkte Tie-ends on Mountain.

© side.

© Project was ended due to Smart Pig coming apart inside the pipe.

eae miorcOra Wo cay
April 2016 to August 2017 Company Name 1% City, State

¢ Design, Plan, Construct, and market various type of welding projects for purchase such as Gate, Panels, Cattke Guards, Horse shoe art, and
Home DACcor.
¢ Fumiture and Antique restoration Farm equipment repair Mobile welding,

Construction Superintendent
May 2013 to April2016 Company Name 1% City , State

© Mentored, coached and trained 120 team members.

© Recruited, hired and trained 107 new employees for construction of pipelines and Comingle Facilities and compressor stations in the
Maverick Shale in South Texas.

PAS ninebraiinivacKe a equ Pi eaNlommlLcueb ee nanas ome aaei Rb ime) eKaaycana mise icen coin)

for Anadarko Oil and gas Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.

Planned and delegated daily operations including New installation crews, Maintenance roustabouts, Mechanics, Operators, welders, and

haul drivers Maintained a feet of 24 roustabout trucks, 3 heavy haul trucks, 3 water trucks, 1 Kill Truck, and 4 pull trucks attended daily

Consultant meetings at Anadarko, Chesapeake, EP, and stonegate to receive work schedule and planned vessel change outs and new

projects Attended Bid Meetings on all new projects that were not T&M then estimated and submitted Bid quotes Conduct daily Tailgate

edhe cons eniacrionen catice vom neck oma RCA minal etce

Laid offafier reduction in workforce for Anadarko Petroleum duc to oil prices.

lOishratonm gears!
July 2011 to May 2013 Company Name 14 City , State

Mentored junior team members, providing guidance on proper techniques and safety.

Received Daily duties from operations manger then delegated specific jobs out to special crews inspected all work complete by Smith
Crews and submitted daily reports to consultants and operations manager using Excel, Word, and Outlook Enforced all company policies
and safety regulations Filled out all proper permits prior to work beginning ie.

JSEA, Hotwork, Gas Monitoring, Trenching and Excavation permits, Lock Out Tag Out, Transfer Sheets, Hot Tap Permits, and confined
space permits before any work started Hauled equipment such as backhoes, Skid steers, Roller, Pipe, with pull Truck Operated Track hoe
Back hoe, Dozer, Roller, Maintainer, Trencher Man Lift.

© and Forklift to dig ditch, Expose existing live lines, remove contaminated soil.

¢ Build or blade roads and spread limestone.

Superintendent Welders Helper/Operator
October 2008 to July 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Assisted Weller to cut, fit, prep and weld out fabrication for tank batteries and facilities Cut, Buff, and grind bevels and bead on main Ine
to install mainline Pig Launchers and receivers Helped welder and crew prep pipe and fittings for tic ends and Hot Taps Throw Skids, sand
bags, install silt fence, run water pumps, ckan tracks, Spot for operators, string pipe, Spacing crew, Locate lines any work needing to be
done throughout the day was able to operate on and off until they let me stay on machinery.

Accomplishments

¢ High school diplorm Had to drop school due to Finances, Master Welder 2008 Tulsa Welding School & Technology Center Tua , OK,
United States Was top wekler 4 out ofS Phase compkted Before having to drop out of Schoo! and go to work because I did not qualify for
financial aid.
