INTERNATIONAL CODE COUNCIL (ICC) SPECIAL INSPECTOR AND CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS TECHNICIAN (CMT)
Obdjective

My objective is to obtain and secure a meaningfil position integrating my skills with the expertise of my co-workers, resulting ina successful
service provided to the client. Additionally, I am eager to gain knowledge through my own hard work and the tutelage of my superiors to carn
advancement within the organization.

als

© Proficient in Microsoft Windows, Word, Excel.
* General knowledge of GAAP that continues to grow through hard

« Natural kader who is team oriented with strong desire
Sea Eee ioe
« AAbk to communicate efléctively both verbally and in

Ad - _ .
A A Pare . Siar a CM Cem Ne Cone Dent C8 Oe
oi4 YeATS Progress aid seni ee ay © Productive worker in fast-paced, time-sensitive environment,
materials testing and inspection. rere nite ees
¢ Constant communication with contractors, craft, and co-workers in Parnes iat Pena who er ener tera
collaborative effort to complete task at hand. integrity and professionalism

schivor anes
International Code Council (ICC) Special Inspector and Construction Materials Technician (CMT) 03/2015 to Current
Company Name City , State

¢ ICC Special Inspector Reinforced Concrete Rebar and concrete placement inspections, and epoxy anchor bolt inspections.
© Concrete, Soils, and Asphalt Field Testing Technician. A

ICC Special Inspector and CMT Technician 11/2014 to 03/2015
Company Name City , State

ICC Special Inspector Reinforced Concrete Rebar and concrete placement inspections.

Concrete, and Soils Field Testing Technician.A

Giclee ecm ole O Nam reli eRee ln ern aeyAn ORG e

Input data in computer programs and present final results to clients in timely, cost-effective professional mamer.

ICC Special Inspector and CMT Technician 05/2014 to 11/2014
Company Name City , State

¢ ICC Special Inspector Reinforced Concrete Rebar and concrete placement mspections, and epoxy anchor bolt inspections.
© Concrete, Soils, and Asphalt Field Testing Technician. A

Construction Materials Testing Lab Manager/Lead Technician 06/2010 to 11/2013
Company Name City , State

Rebar and concrete placement inspections, and epoxy anchor bolt inspections.

SEcrUrraibeeamelcatsl Wel eReOcice (erm olce sect] Cm

Concrete, Soils, and Asphalt Field Testing TechnicianA

Grout cubes and prisivs, intermediate experience in Masonry.

Lab Testing Technician-Gradations, proctors, moisture content, -200 wash, specific gravity/absorption, concrete/grout breaks, sand
eric) auamracestl@ icaltien

© Input data in computer programs and present final results to clients in timely, cost-effective professional mamer.

Quality Control Inspector Level II 10/2007 to 01/2009
Company Name City , State

© URS-Washington Division - Eunice, NM-National Enrichrrent Facility QCI qualified in civil soils Il, civil concrete II, receipt inspection II
Bienaerlunece la

© Verify field operations to ensure compliance with specifications, plans, procedures, ASTMs, 10 CFR Part 50 Appendix B and ASME
standard NQA-1.

© PerformQC inspections on the batch plant, concrete, grout, and backfill operations.

© Receipt mspection of concrete constituents as batch plant imspector.

COW uetcon an PORtE PUERCO OAL EEL
Company Name City , State

¢ Hanford Nuckar Reservation-Vitrification Plant RPP-WITP.

Concrete, Soils, and Lab Materials Testing Teclmician Level II.

Cross-reference job site specifications and plans, ASTMs, and other industry standards to ensure proper testing and inspection ona 10
CER Part 50 and ASME NQA-I job site.

Sand-cones, Kelly ball drop, flow test, cast cylinders for CLSM.

Grout flow, cast cubes and prisms.
