CONSTRUCTION INSPECTOR

Professional Summary

Result-Driven Certified Construction Manager in Training with over 2 years of significant and progressive experience in construction industry.
Proven track record in ensuring project deliverables are brought to market ina timely manner. *Strong team keader with proven managerial
experience and skills cross fimetional terms including Subcontractors, Vendors and Suppliers. “Effective problem solver and decision making
skills, exceptional commitment to quality and customer satisfaction. Excellent presentation’ Commumication, negotiation and persuasion skills.
Core Qualifications

Primavera P6

Digitizer

Site safetyOSHA compliance
Microsoft Project

Phan Swift 9

QA/QC/Fiekd Engineering
PAWL O7.ND)

Revit (BIM)

NY Cocekse core esi]

Microsoft office

oem atid
Interpersonal’Communication

schivor anes
[Qvicneatoiicnecid
Noverber 2015 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Provided quality assurance services by performing orrsite inspections of material and workmanship as well as performed material testing in
accordance to the American Society for Testing and Material (ASTM) manuals for reinforcing bars as well as concrete.

Performed inspections on epoxy Anchor/Dowels and concrete field technician duties (Slump test, Temperature, Air content and Concrete
sampling).

Sleds PrreRicuedcckeonciivte ised mel AnenenaecR Oo reec len hele

Performed reinforcing steel inspections to ensure rebar meets requirements of approved drawings.

Performed in-plice density tests on various types of soil to determine compaction and moisture content.

Established onsite solutions to unforeseen issues found in the field.

Performed proctor, sieve and compressive strength tests with senior technician in laboratory.

Performed timely inspections reports to engineers and project manager to ensure work meets requirements set by the proper design
authority for each specific project.

Project Engineer
May 2015 to October 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

© Processed, tracked, ard distributed submittals and RFIs.

Managed document control process, including change order, subcontractor billings, field production tracking, purchasing, and contract
administration.

Coordinated project close-out documentation, including deficiency, warranties, maintenance and final payments.

Assisted with documentation of accidents, safety violations, unsafe conditions and activities.

Conducted quality control inspections of completed work.

Processed vendor invoices, reconciled all monthly subcontractor progress billings, and managed jobsite office.

Performed quantity take-offS derived froma thorough understanding of plans and specifications using Digitizer.

Pores edrin Gite Cae nilone ticle meen irMCm ude asker sicerelcea meee Ric ccm

Prepared project schedule in primavera at determined intervals to ensure jobs are being compkted on time.

Monitored project progress and performed variance analysis in comparison with baseline schedule.

Produced significant cost savings, potential cost avoidance, and preventive problem solving through numerous cost saving ideas, suggestions
and recommendations,

Ensured equipment and material were in accordance with contract drawings and specifications by monitoring and coordinating construction
activities,

Ensured site safety through comprehensive review of subcontractor safety program.

© Facilitated communication between the owner and contractor to ensure construction projects were completed on time and within budget.

Traffic Engineer
REA emer MAU REOe nen aN ay LONg

Asa traffic engineer was involved in collection and appraisal of data reports, surveys and investigations, conducting various traffic survey
BTA SCRE Big nena ins om

The main objective of this study is to check the feasibility of Outer Ring Road (ORR) from Shanirpet to Keesara and come up with
investment proposal based on fisture travel demands that would attempt to improve the traffic scenario in the city of Hyderabad.
Peed eCLancne cleric one aU Lemee)auliel ca eur ul BM Lo AIR cIME eB ecus ieneriben muri broc eR ORtcnd
roads and flyovers.
