CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summry 7
Construction/MasonryA offering extensive experience with heavy equipment operation. Willng and able to eam new skills. Dependable and hard-
working with more thanA. 5 years in the construction industry. Thrives ina fast-paced environment and works to compkte projects quickly and
efficiently.
Sania}

© Accurate measurements and estimates

¢ Residential construction

© Leadership

Ce occgutersbmeankveinad

¢ Tiling

Peon suraleipisanvan gear ier)

¢ Excellent driving record

¢ Strong communication skills

Cee Beniizeraniad

Friendly and hardworking

Probkmsolving

Matherntical aptitude

bidtien opted

Structural and architectural pre-cast concrete
4€<Driver of companies 26ft Flatbed Trucks

Accomplishments

Pee BKe mo ee ccrariCeonsnnat ee alee iam

Experience

TUE ROO rane

Construction Manager Company Name

Cero ea Lec RNy Ta ome mca Nm aoe mercer ameee brn labo
Installed, repaired and rebuilt tile, brick and stone surfaces.

Documented daily equipment inspections and submitted daily inspection forms to supervisor.
Performed daily maintenance to the machines

le rorhucccetimmanacionme aire antasesl ui es

Loaded proper mterials while abiding by all safety and legal standards.

PCO ES aco R ee Com RCC IML re CaOmIEL seme ee reTne mirc Rely antag
Oe Thee Rue aura ben ence On eeb arctic

Mixed and hid concrete to raise top of manhok to the street level

Completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.
PNichivecmipemo cen aeslcminla incom oe crire Reet

Cut materials to specified sizes for installation usmg power saws and tik cutters.

1

BI

01/2008 to 01/2011

Project Manager Company Name

Bichonenccr arm OMe epsom ome 1ve ks Con

Loaded proper weight requirements before Ieaving the pit.

Operated equipment safely and efficiently at all times.

Serviced and maintained vehicks and heavy equipment.

Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.

(OTe raced Tebsuou ack ves Om nccllacen cig me ntamc eT emi ken on

01/2005 to 01/2008

Warehouse Manager / Steel Tier

Tested machinery, equipment and parts to identify any defects.

Assembked and installed wiring, electrical and ekectronic components.

Asserbked and maintained physical structures using hand and power took.

Briefed new team menbers on procedures and project goals. Ordered supplies, tools and equipment.
Read manufacturer manuals, diagrams and specifications prior to repairing equipment.
Coordinated schedules with various construction departments in plumbing works for new and existing buildings.
Cleaned drains and plumbing fixtures.

Education

vane

Die) BNIB ue datreBsiuincabeel
eed

Bi-Lingual (English / Spanish)

Nails

NW berroko Moses]

Microsoft Excel

(Cholt ey eelcy
