DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT

Professional Summary

Real Estate / Development / Construction Executive Versatile executive with 38 years experience in the real estate and construction industries
possessing a corrbination of hands on technical experience coupled with strong organizational and leadership skills to manage project teams from
concept to completion. Honest and thoughtfill style results in loyal teams that work toward a common goal. Strategic thinker and planner with
analytical skills and proven aptitude to manage complex and numerous projects and coordinate the efforts of corporate departments, landlords,
designers, consultants, and contractors to tum over successful projects. Honest and pragmatic approach to contlict resolution and problemsolving,
Tnmense pursuit and tireless effort to produce successfill and timely results. Strong real estate aptitude allows for thorough Due Diligence and
market analysis, for contract, purchase and lease administration. Commercial and Residential project management - Development - Estimating -
Budget Preparation and Implementation - Profit & Loss responsibility - Value Engineering - Cost Control - Team Building - Employee training -
Site Selection -- Land Use Entitlement - Permitting - Design and Plan Review - Bidding and Negotiation - Purchase and Lease negotiation -
Purchase, Lease and Contract Administration Construction Manager familiar with preparing and negotiating contracts with clients and suppliers.
Tnnovative Construction Manager adept at finding engaging ways to motivate construction teams to exceed expectations and maintain high

Rio Trante cy

Skills

Work History
sy Eee keine vag
Director of Development Company Name a€“ City , State

© Managenent of multiple projects in Georgia and Florida ranging to 3/4 million square feet annually Management of construction of high end
pevUCe MB ace oUO RT bre lho koma e Rieko menicelemm re heli nucacp cine OM CUE ie lilo ta}
employees Management of Construction Managers, designers, consultants, contractors, Landlords Site analysis, purchase and lease
negotiation Due Diligence, entitlement processing, penmitting Reporting to corporate office and departments, project schedules, progress
and coordination of FF&E Led the company for projects completed and cost control Initiated the interior and exterior branding graphics.
Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.

Obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personel.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.
Digitally archived weekly progress and technical é€ocKnowledge Basea€ photographs ofall assigned projects.

Assisted the operations group with warranty service repairs.

06/1996 to 05/1999
Construction Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

© Management of multiple Motel projects throughout the United States, ranging to $4 million Management of 4 Construction Managers in field
operations Management of construction training seminars for employees, designers and contractors Site evaluation, coordination of design,
permitting, budgets, negotiation with contractors Reporting to corporate office and departments, project schedules, progress and
coordination of FF&E.

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

© Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.

© Obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

eT PACS Te
Construction Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

* Managenent of Landlords and General Contractors in the construction of approximately 45 retail stores per year throughout the
Southeastem United States.

Reporting to corporate office and departirents, project scheduks, progress and coordination of FF&E.

Coordinate with marketing, merchandising and tumover to operations.

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personel.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.
Oversaw the entire building tumover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management.

Conducted routine quality audits to ensure that work was progressing per the specifications and initiated corrective actions.

02/1989 to 12/1992
Construction Superintendent Company Name a€“ City , State

© Supervised construction and remodel of retail and restaurant projects, ranging $200 thousand - $4 million,
EE Duele wiattccn
