CONSTRUCTION DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

SS

Diverse Experience: Planning & Development, Construction, Project Development with technical experience using AutoCAD & GIS Systems.
Background & Qualifications are ten years of college credits combined with 15 years of work experience.

Experience

PLU ECR UPL 6

QO Sirat mat yore aercnicaGQen sai hy ALOU C IC!

¢ Provided professional guidance in constructing government housing in rural regions of South Affica, including developing, impkerenting and
administering methods of obtaining materials and costs, improved methods in regards to labor tasks in buikiing structures using primarily
fecipenratvearia

CMR Oiinnbritccenemorcrase ede Peny eer Snr Oniocb icles iiaeelciS tony onaicccbrclhrecRen OUP Ninesy

© Created maps, task lists, materials list, network contact logs, including vital daily interaction’ commumication with foreman and laborers alike.

03/2012 to 07/2016
Assistant General Manager Company Nan 1 City , State

© Administrate daily operations through effective kadership which includes making vital decisions allowing company to expand into new
pint coc

¢ Inform Board of Directors of the progress and potential road blocks that may hinder progress and provided recommendations that may
ensure revenue growth,

© Value the importance of networking with emphasis on enterprise to enterprise development.

06/2009 to 03/2012
Director of Planning & Development Company Name 1% City , State

CMO chile re oucM Mb Annee M yeh uneeeolbaennen bret eee caainl topcase ice

© Introduce to Tribal Council a different perspective in community development with statistics revealing impacts to commumity & probable
fimding source(s).

© Primary focuses within the planning realmare; new housing development, land-use process, facilities, business districts, municipalities &
environmental impacts.

01/2009 to 05/2009
Manager of Operations Company Nan i City , State

VO e sree MMOs CR TUrMeee iS AcoR ed neuciicm ud hla icc mnie eee bn etal Kosten en ralt
of the responsibility was to fulfill the needs and concems of the entire community and to do so in an expedient and professional manner.

06/2007 to 09/2008
Manager of Data Engineering Company Name 1% City , State

© Managed technical staff converted paper maps to digital formats targeting uranium deposits.

¢ Organized existing mps and developed exploration maps, ore-reserve maps and regional Jocation maps for the planning and extraction of
Tne

© Uranium Resources Inc.

¢ is moperation to provide alternative energy for future power plants throughout the United States.

06/2006 to 05/2007
iia Duincom Aer sce C neat £ ONES

SM EEEcoce nan baum den bucrouecgraresmioueulocedinceuisuberentaicsrav es recko ee yekec)
substance dam near Durango, Colorado.

¢ Assisted engineers and office managers with the company's multi-million dollar pay estimates on a monthly basis.

© Developed high-quality 3-D structural lift drawings using AutoCAD software and worked closely with Bureau of Reclamation's concrete
specifications and design being used to construct a large earthen dam

06/2003 to 03/2006
Natural Resource Planner/ AutoCAD Technician Company Name i City , State

¢ Established a new work station utilizing AutoCAD & ArcView software programs for the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe's Planning Departrent,
this allowed for better mapping system for community development purposes.

© Produced and compikd a comprehensive ten-year natural resource pln.

¢ Examined anmul reports and provided recommendations for fifty-three departments.

¢ Reviewed project specifications and offered insight for possible changes effecting community development.

¢ Oversaw department needs assessments in relation to departrental goals and objectives for fifty-three departments.

Education and Training
Master's : Business Management Colorado Tech University Business Management
