PROJECT MANGER/LEAD SUPER
Professional Summary

Profile: A proven track record of over 21 years of experience as a General Construction Project Manager. Across extensive career, have directed
& organized multi-million dollar Construction projects and renovations, optimized operations/profits for full scale projects, and overseen mult-
trade Construction tearrs. I have a broad repertoire of skills m project managerrent, estimating, planning, complex data & profit analysis,
resourcing, organizational networking/laison, professional development, ficklwork supervision and leadership. Project Management: Strong
background and professional versatility in the administration and oversight of complex and integrated Construction projects. I have directed
Construction on-time and on-budget ina variety of different environments including power plants, government, healthcare, housing and educational
(schools/universities/dormitory) settings. Approaching projects holistically, punctually and efficiently. Have the knowledge and skills needed to
guide projects at the per-Construction stage & beyond. I am meticulous and adaptive, troubleshooting field issues and design conflicts as and when
they occur. Commercial & Internal Relations Development: Articulate and collaborative, I privilege open and frequent communication as a means
for developing highly productive multi-trade teams. I amable to build and maintain viabk, trusting, relationships with Construction team members
(Le. Construction workers, architects and engineers) and commerciaVcorporate third parties (ie. Business owners and government officials) based
ona foundation of mutual respect, clear communication and skillfil negotiation‘counsel. Additionally, I ama team player who mentors and Ieads by
exampk. Seeking firther employment as Construction Manger

als
CREO Sur alone ccuruece maton att © Team Building / Leadership
© Procore Project Management © Project Coordination / Development
© Primavera Project Scheduling P2 * OSHA Reguhtion / Project Safety
* Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Project © Cost / Profit Analysis
Ce ckOnarlleicrmlicuadneicl PRO e Suen
© Troubleshooting/ Problem Solver * Project Planning and Development
* Quality Control / Inspection © Project supervision
Work History

Project Manger/Lead Super , 09/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

+ A: Spearheaded Construction and completion of $65 Million Honors Dollars Living Leaming Community. This is five-story, 153,670 SF.
Urban infill building, at Newark campus of Rutgers University. Facility provides 391 beds for students in variety of configurations including;
double occupancy rooms, studios, and one- and two-bedroom apartrents. It also includes classroom and academic support spaces,
25,000 SF of ground floor retail, and 5-story, precast concrete, 74,000 SF parking garage with 330 parking spaces

A: Preemptively planned work ahead and secured subcontractor commitment by period of two weeks

A: Accounted for precise allocation of resources so that subcontractors ahvays had sufficient material, equipment and manpower to perform
Cote nesg

A: Secured all necessary permits (c.g. Municipality penmits, sidewalk closures and utility permits) and approvals for shop drawings

RECN aver Ronse orovgrnranes reac nonaietRoviactkininl) cr acvnesrtercelene¢ Enamad eu enka cette Ry i
progressing construction project work

¢ A- When site logistic analysis revealed-need for Overhead Crane that was not accounted for in project plan budget. Utilized some ingenuity
and resourcefitness to adjust planning, I ultimately repurposed conventional, crawler, and stage cranes stationed at strategically designated
locations and carefilly directed material delivery between limited space of courtyard and adjacent city streets to execute construction of

lo urrcesine estes

A: Developed and routinely reviewed site conditions to enhance project task perfonmance, accessibility, and completion in timely fashion
PRE Dimrecntore rien nee nvel ornare nantentenn nism ehae acuerantlmogrr)aneeicliccn ence Cmercenrcrty |
carpenter to build shear wall ahead of steel and precast crane erection

¢ A- Accelerated work during Winter of 2018 by enclosing buikiing with tarp and temporary heat to allow interior construction to continue
prior to arrival of Exterior Island Building panels

A: Made provisions to have open bay for loading material and debris removal that was not included in scope of subcontractor bid
PATS n ele abiemsrtycieam eke locos on scliantcocc me roecsrcsiairtored ven chem

Pier che

A: Updated Architect and Engineer daily to engage with them troubkshooting project design deficiencies

A: Methodically rotated and divided trades safely on Exterior Work including following installations: Electric Vaults under sidewalk,
Transformers, pullmg cable, exterior stud framing, insulation and dens ghss, waterproofing exterior shbs, Exterior Brick, Exterior Aluminum
storefront, demolition of sidewalks and sidewalks and curb replacement

Construction Project Manager , 04/2016 to 08/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Construction and completion of IPIC- Dobbs Ferry Cinerms valued at 12 Million dollars-- including (8) Dine 4€“Sn Theaters, and
Restaurant between May 2016 and June 2017

Construction and completion of Leaming Experience valued at 3 Million dollars

(Aisha cceredccmuon cleo melt ee Wo ackOclom Mei mNB Lecce wl) es

Pr-construction Coordination and development of 20 Million dollar Meridian Housing Complex including (106) 4 story apartment units
above 2 story concrete Parking Garage
