CONSTRUCTION MANAGER / PROJECT COORDINATOR/ INSPECTOR

Tinea
To demonstrate my architectural and construction management skill, which wil help contribute to an organization's success.
aly
I NreOme Ua vee a @)ii comic!
A Sua ise
Company Name
Company Name
Experience
01/1995 to 01/2001
Leo Hrate Vos owe woo @ueciuaemmicenem Oonishi /AO hme

Maintained management information system to provide data essential to planning and control of project developrent.
Scheduled, monitored and reported on the progress of approximately 90 assigned projects.

Ensured adherence to time schedules and compliance with contracts requirements.

Responded to all contractors’ correspondence on behalf of the agency.

Monitored the contractor’ performance, quality and work progress.

Ensured compliance with plans and specification for construction projects.

OW oem Ob Nant Cmte onccciamaricen ominceentleacec kos ca ekeeneileice

Provided technical guidance to the developrrent staff.

Maintained accurate records and subsequent authorization of payments.

02/1989 to 02/1994
Resident Engineer/Construction Proj Mgr Company Name i City , State

Cr ee ee ee)

Nee P ured MO e@onnat mol nom lowe mniciraceeeriam aise ON bes eccelor keaton
Managed approximately 15-20 jobs simultaneously.

(hiaecmmicuedeckeentclaCnmien eect a

[Xvi reecRioa dveTCenecicbenmiedlntcein eben mr uicce i edtiice

Coordinated contractor work between local utility companies and City agencies.

Preto eine omer eee ineiceckeeclucrmeryier toe

Managed interpretation of blueprints and specifications for project contracts.

Established job specifications and established project goals and procedures.

Ensured projects' compliance with applicable New York City rules and reguhtions.

OTs E Per ence ken licen AS yLLCGe

OTS)
Architectural Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

Prepared construction documents and presentation drawings to support on-going projects.
¢ Supported all aspects of client service.

OTD S:3
General Office Assistance / Drafer Company Name 1% City , State

Assisted in development of bids and proposals presentations for clients’ review.
¢ Prepared construction documents to support on-going projects.

Education and Training

May 2016

Masters : Historic Preservation Pratt Institute Historic Preservation

Bachelor of Science : Architecture City College of New York - School of Architecture Architecture

Asbestos Supervisor Certificate Lead Inspector Certificate ATI - Asbestos & Lead Training Institute 114 City , State
Institute of Design 1% City , State Perspective and Rendering

Certificate International Design Seminar, Poltechnico of Milan, Italy Certificate Mechanics Institute 14 City , State
Activities and Honors

Professional Women in Construction (PWC)

ea ad
Bi-lingual in Spanish and English.
Skills

ADA, agency, blueprints, Bi, Construction Manager, contracts, client, clients, Excellent customer service, Fluent in English, English, Inspector,
op anvene nedtlem Vato @ ieee cC es ent ten ES Cte int oom CCN OM UICC elougiaie senrcraeie) (cud
mmnagemmnt, proposal, quality, Rendering, Spanish, specification, Supervisor, Team player, verbal communication skills, written
