ADMINISTRATIVE ASSOCIATE II, CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENT
Professional Overview

ee KE Beh oee en uiGly Passa ed ULE een Seo aL oe Ree Lr aCe ae ce Lam a baesc Le LalL
(loirerneeremucesl@ rat ome

Sumnnry of Skils
© Professional verbal and written communication © Deadline-oriented
Ce Syren taanc yet © Staff motivation
© Strong analytical and organizational skills © Tine mamgerent
* Excellent interpersonal skills * Professional and mature
© Professional phone manner and office etiquette © Strong probkemsoher
© Schedule managerent © Resourcefil
© Selfstarter © Strong interpersonal skills
© Enployee training and development ¢ Understands grammar
® Microsoft Office proficiency © Proofteading
© Meticulous attention to detail © Mail mamgement
© Results-oriented © Meeting planning
Po laelneucatt © Legal administrative support
© Spreadsheet development * Detailed meeting minutes
Aug oanan at acs

Pins pwecced le OOM COM n aera Une ARR OROnecna aot nia Nine OiN whe
4€¢Provide administrative and secretarial support to the Department Chair, students, faculty, industry advisory board members, and the public.
Hic eoac ena lon weCcicc Tice ucom Reel bunemieancrye rico e toe

&€¢Maintain documentations necessary to the Construction Management Departrent.

&€¢Manage calls to the nmin departrental phone number.

&€¢Maintain excellent customer service within the office for both students and parents.

4€¢Establish rapport with business professionals, representing the department and KSU ina professional manner.
4€¢Emuil, phone, stafffaculty and departmental communications, as well as contact with local public school educators and administration.
&€¢Generate purchases and payments.

4€¢Set-up courses and prerequisites in Banner, and help students at the time of registration.

4€¢ Assist project stafV faculty in preparation of institutes and workshops

&€¢Manage supply inventory.

&€¢Manage departmental records.

Hoy Comoe nes) ag

4€¢ Assist in organizing special events as needed throughout the year, including annual findraiser for the department.
&€¢Manage Department Chairs calendar.

&€¢Order catering needed for any departmental events or meetings.

FCO esl GP HIN ELOrecoR Omi eelinicn

4€¢Utilize programs such as Works, Owl Express, Owl Pay, and SAS for procurement needs for the department.
&€¢Organizes and submit payment requests to the SPSU Foundation via KSU.

&€¢Maintain ongoing list of those with door passes for new KSU door swipe process for department.

4€¢Provide information on the Construction Management program to prospective students and parents.

4€¢Handk all correspondence for department chair.

4€¢Assist faculty, students, and industry advisory board members to arrange intemships and job placement.
