SENIOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER,
Summary
Construction Manager successful at finding cost-effective solutions to the various challenges that arise during residential and commercial
eretiiE ate a
Highlights
© Permit processing © Baseline scheduks creation
* Buiking codes and reguhtions = ¢ +MS Office proficient
© Safe job site set-up Ci grrjcudueencnsy
© Site safety coordinator © Cost contro!
© Organized and detait-oriented = ¢ Superb management skills

Accomplishments

Managed a $ [Amount] project, while supervising a team of [Number] workers. Led the construction ofa new [Number] home construction
project. Trained and mentored over [Number] construction workers, general hborers and apprentices.

schivor anes

Senior Construction Project Manager , 08/2015 to 05/2016 Company Name i City , State

¢ Directed construction projects with budgets up to SSM working alongside USAF, USACE and NASA clints along with vendors,
consultants, and technical specialists.

© Prepared and provided schedule progress reports and analysis ona bi-monthly basis.

COU ee ellvs sium LeMay nou a MeetmeuPcdnrom NeuncoelmicedtisnananebusaesceLeneayiiboetnes

administration and application for payment requests.

Supervised civil infrastructure scope of work, including bot not limited to, structural foundation modification to existing piles, perimeter

footings, stem walls and new foundations for new structures and equipment along with installation electrical conduit and mechanical piping

ESS ante

Provided the supervision of various subcontractors including but not limited to, mechanical piping and HVAC equipment, high and low

voltage electrical systervs, fire protection facility equipment and civil inffastructure to coordinate and execute the construction of new

facilities.

(Ovicheat oe wojscm cl came PP PAO IR PU ERO ecliven iit

Operated as a project technical expert for assignments with budgets up to $15M required for the development and integration of all
activities associated with established and maintained ground systems along with baseline architecture for space flight.

© Completed design reviews and constructability assessments, along with project cost estimate summary reports.

Reviewed NASA contracted A/E designs and construction rough order of magnitude as well as coordinating the scope of work with
architects and engineers.

© Organized the development and coordination of multi-disciplined scope of work construction cost including conceptual estimates, equipment
and mnterial takeofls and bid proposals.

Focused on budget management and cost control, as well as timeline management to ensure client satisfaction.

Managed muttiple building tradesmen and various subcontractors including but not limited to, mechanical piping and HVAC equipment, high
and low voltage electrical systerrs, fire protection facility equipment, potable and waste water plurbing systems, coatings and corrosion
control along with civil infrastructure to coordinate and execute the construction of new facilities and modification to existing structures.

© Negotiated contracts and evahuted change order requests of vendors and subcontractors.

* Performed job-site walk-downs to verify progress of scheduled activities and analyzed possible subcontractor change orders and/or
schedule impacts.

Project Manager/Construction Engineer , 09/2009 to 12/2012 Company Name

Dice ech le coR nace then ORT SLOMAN BCC mbar accu me anor ena Rvoommeenclinn cman nen
technical specialists.

Contributed to the planning, scheduling of assignments, design, and cost engineering.

Completed design reviews and constructability assessments, along with project cost estimate summary reports.

Provided technical oversight to designers and technical support stafk

Executed the project scope of work with the use of various abilities such as, the preparation of conceptual drawings, life/safety plans and
contract drawings along with specifications and safety requirements for the construction of new buildings and/or modification to existing
boi oom

Provided the supervision of various contractors including but not limited to, mechanical equipment, high and low voltage electrical systervs,
fire protection facility equipment and civil infrastructure to coordinate and execute the construction of new buildings and industrial structures
along with modification to existing facilities.

Performed bid evaluations, responded to RFI(s), and reviewed shop drawings for approval to the general contractors and their
subcontractors.

Project Engineer V - Architect , 03/2003 to 09/2009 Company Name

© Lead project technical expert for projects with budgets up to $25M required for development and integration ofall design and construction
activities associated with established and maintained ground systems and baseline architecture for space flight.
