CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS FIELD REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
ese cnice Numer ecre piece Beal neuiclod Mares uMesesicc Rn ecard Bree Cl tntoe WotR cu Moar ans
within the Construction Materials Inspection and Testing industry. I possess the ability to solve compkex probkers ina fast-paced environment, by
using critical thinking and assertiveness. I have proven ability to self-direct, complete projects with limited supervision and grasp new concepts and
ideas effectively. I am talented in team buikiing, seeing opportunities, strategic planning and keadership development for effective strategy execution.
Tam bgial and purposefil in my approach to creating and delivering value. My personality is very even keeled, which provides me the ability to
acclimate to any environment. I will prove to be an asset to your company. I can assure you that my work experience and initiative will help me
achieve all goals expected of me. SPECIALITIES: Strong keadership, excellent commumication skills (verbal, written, media), competent, excellent
presentation, service-oriented, active listener, social perceptiveness, critical thinker, strong team phyer, detail-oriented, goal-oriented, motivated,
dutiful respect for compliance in all regulatory organizations.

Accomplishments

© Asphalt Paving Technician, Level 1: Florida Department of Transportation (May 2005) -Earthwork Construction Inspection: Florida
Department of Transportation (September 2005) - Asphalt Paving Technician, Levell B: Texas Department of Transportation (October
2008) - Soils &Flexible Base Technician, $102B: Texas Departrrent of Transportation (October 2007).

Experience
TARO @ts rane
Construction Materials Field Representative Company Name i City , State

¢ Performs ficld investigations, engineering analyses, construction monitoring Performs core sampling and soil analysis on surveying projects
Perforits field and lboratory testing on construction mterials Performs Post-Tension Stressing Observations and Inspections on Post-
Tensioned Shbs Perfons testing in the Field and Laboratory for sampling and inspection of Construction Materials to determine
lee reseeoR MUIR eel bes Lelicm

© Assists with the maintenance of laboratory and fiekd equipment and arranges for procurement of new equipment as needed.

¢ Assists with the calibration of Fiekd Equipment as needed Reviews architectural, civil, structural drawings and specifications for code
specifications and structural integrity Performs Fire Stop Systerrs, Fire Proofing Systems and Fire Rating Inspections Reviews project plans
and specifications to prepare and coordinate testing scope for various projects including, University of Texas System, City of Austin,
Leander ISD, Austin-Bergstrom Airport Aviation Authority, Texas Facilities Commission & Travis County Government.

01/2005 to 01/2006
Construction Materials Field Representative Company Name iM City , State

Performed compaction testing of phced fill, and asphalt.

Sampled soil, aggregate, concrete, grout, and hot-mixed asphalt.

Se ee RCA UO OM Ace ams eal benedict crcl mrcenelli MCU en carne cSuicme enor git hd
Ceca ee astm oc non acer hoxierp ib) ecatrans

CA sca ceb rena ons ein) com om “sme mums sd colCmne oasis Om nce DA

Ce Cero am ctnies bah cC LETS CLA hea Neem hadi eur MNO MUL comecice econ mr ersiniecatci Nabe sh

resistivity, sand equivalent, rice, Marshall Unit weight, oil content, and compressive strength of concrete and grout.

Attended and participated in professional association meetings and fimctions.

01/2003 to 01/2005
Construction Materials Field Representative F Construction Materials Field Representative Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Performed compaction testing of placed fill, sampled concrete and sampled hot-mixed asphalt Performed compaction tests on asphalt to
determine roll pattems, asphalt coring, sampled aggregates for asphalt mix design Performed Laboratory testing included sieve analysis,
plasticity index, proctor, specific gravity, sand calibration, rice and Marshall unit weight Performed field evaluation of project sites for
geotechnical evaluations including logging boring/test pivrock core explorations, soil classification and sampling and percohtion testing
(Qe teD cel emn muon Rupa bac asb ch niesinnea urine omic oanie Caciiaromicnceasorrcel
Reinforcing Steel Inspections on various types of structures.

Education and Training

July 2008

ite de cree OUiurelomcusronale sa oeMenaieGuianrace mi yneynan ans
Ree}

Ordinary Level University of London

Rails

cabks, calibration, inspection, Laboratory testing, logging, masonry, procurement, Proofing
