AREA MANAGER
Professional Summary

© Project Manager and Operations Manager with a proven record of success in overseeing all phases of mult- million-dollar construction and
PCR cea cuee Omueccrinenee te emcee te ance

* Experience includes: managing crews for utility inffastructure construction and improvements, preparing proposal, managing day-to-day
eretoncnr oe ciraterecas is aitrcoranarlrenmecnineten ce Wolosgeanarincka rer ice.y

© Strong credentials and a proven history of on-time, on-budget, and high-quality project completion. Recognized for project management
Ra PAE cate keon sotreacecermrrerie ned adar naa

© Recognized as troubkshooter and problem solver adept at conceptualizing/impkmenting solutions to accomplish project goals quickly and
efficiently with attention to continuous productivity improverrents.A

* Demonstrated expertise in the following areas: Construction Projects. Infrastructure Improvement Projects. Employee Supervision. Site
Safety(OSHA Compliance. QA/QC/Field Engineering, Change Order Managerrent. Budgeting and Cost Controls.
Bidding/Estimating/Proposals. Subcontractor/Crew Supervision Proficient in analyzing internal project controls and making
recommendations for process improvements.

A Adept at mumaging the array of administrative and financial responsibilities that large-scale projects require. Accountable for daily reports that
covers project status, responsibilities, and estimated time of project tasks. Led major infrastructure improvements on the nation’s communications
infrastructure for a variety of clients, including major system operators for telephone and cable TV to ensure timely completion of projects.
Managed several multi-million optical network improverrent projects for compliance with safety regulations and system mandates. Recognized as a
valuable Project Manager who aims to complete each and every assignment in an innovative, efficient, and cost-effective manner - striving for
excellence in all aspects of project work and assignments.

Skills

lets eumsou ed

Staff development

Controlling costs

BE lainey

Ecol eMOU erie be Rally
Ryioea oe ealite

Dare) ehecbioslteicy

Technical aptitude
Winilcskeslrpe aioe

[Con meraats

POS systems knowledge
Skilled problem solver
Opening and closing procedures

Work History
10/2014 to Current
Area Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

Resolved conflicts promptly to promote a positive environment for customers.

Miclecieres Mineo mavoeitnea etre nem ercee iu ol Wem eerie) Caos t tem

Dedicated to expanding client bases by buikling sting relationships.

FNS yee Leeb RMAC eR O TL Ra ibs ac reEsTe em Ky ote

kote genettoskuaelabeluilmcaihe mee Oe renee ee trate

Strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal staffing levels at all times.

Mice Cee iecen tM EPRor sy nace

Improved the the WIP and reduced the amount by 73% and brought in the WIP to 30-60 days ftom 511 Days.
Otro aVouee ERY Kenic aNE RnB ecirerw.N

01/2014 to Current
Corporate Senior Safety Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

© Providing Safety training for 15 Offices in 5 States across the south east Maintaining Intelex data base for training and Incidents Purchasing
of Safety related equipment for offices Investigations of Workers Comp chims, Auto Accidents, and General Liability darages Completion
of JSO's in the field to ensure crews are following company procedures.

01/2013 to 09/2014
Director Of Projects Company Name a€“ City , State

© Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies.

© Refined the projects that the company had that was is in jeopardy of loosing the contracts and bonds.

* Worked with the inspection company to get approvals for work completed and to be able to invoice compkted jobs.
¢ Managed the customers issues to complete the time sensitive project within the contractal time lines to avoid LD’s.A
