CONCRETE CONSTRUCTION
Summary
A highly experienced professional who possess the required level of retail management know how needed to inspire, lead, develop and motivate
staff There by helping them to achieve outstanding results through passion, innovation and support. Key qualities include innovation in product
range and responsiveness to market trends, as well as being able to give superb product knowledge and training to junior staff'so they can deliver
industry leading advice and service to customers. Also having a real passion for retailing, with a strong desire to exceed customer expectations.
Currently looking for a suitable position with an exciting retailer who promotes from within and rewards achievers.
Highlights

© Professional

* Familiar witha computerized warehouse system * Demonstrating integrity and respect to senior managers at all times.
© Able to work at elevated heights up to 30 feet. Cee uaa
© Maintaining a clean, organized and safe work environment. © Physically fit and able to work in hot or cold environments.
* Ability to organize and prioritize job tasks and requirements. © Possessing math proficiency and strong commumication skills.
© Establishing safety procedures. © Excellent organizational, time management and customer relations skils.
* Accurately interpreting mstructions.
Accomplishments
Over Exceeding Award

Successfilly completed the company’s rigorous employee development program
Commended for having a perfect attendance for 10 months.

Promoted to supervisorA after a yearA of employment.

schivor anes

CO ANE O NAB oCRAeve ea Mercueace kik: UBER Ocal
Company Name City , State RETAIL FLOOR MANAGER 01/2014 to 01/2015

¢ Having overall accountability for growing the sales and profitability throughout each area of the store.
Managing tears to deliver proper merchandising and compliance throughout the operation, as well as delivering excellent standards of
foro mcca cee

Duties: Driving and maximizing the sales and profitability of the store to achieve growth.

Monitoring and review staffand store performance on a regular basis.

Driving saks through maximizing team performance.

Organizing, preparing and arranging promotional materials and displays.

Maximizing sales through effective merchandising,

Leading by example in all aspects of the rok.

een NUm CL UMSU ea ence eRe TCI HEM

Maintaining accurate statistical and financial records.

Creating a combination of real value for money and outstanding customer service.

Company Name City , State Supervisor 01/2005 to 01/2014

Maintaining optimal stock levels to ensure timely avaihbility of products.
Managing an Inventory team comprising of Shift Managers and team keaders.
Setting operational standards for all staff to follow.

Managing excess and ageing stock.

Reviewing service levels on a continuous basis.

DOSS ete cutee oe CIO MMU Ia Rcoc Es oe @ate eB caeeleal eB inci cela
Minimizing exposure to obsolete and excess stock.

Putting forward recommendations for operational policy, procedures and goab.
IO elinurtremersuciines ccreCt each Us Weenie ah Zekeclae

Recruiting, hiring and managing a team of Inventory Counters.

Maintaining effective business relationships with customers.

Ur ecantinea leone eInemiedl cece ovat em itt siiel ice

Using scanning terminal, and professional fixed asset tracking software.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Managerrent A methodical approach to figures and reporting.
FR Eireann nea nae ee ial et i ecta yeslaL ecm

(eosin ban rR aCe laem elcey cece

Knowledge of demand and supply planning,

Excellent numerical and logical analytics skills.

FACS aCemaseeP EP He RK celine ue out wee ele eretccl Leen
Understanding and following work rules and procedures.

Company Name City , State WAREHOUSE WORKER 01/2004 to 01/2007

CeO orlineg nna islaedpirelimeoe hiner eeeatcl vaca cuaieeg esl cten ace ce
PV Oneenlecarm igh laeme colseecl de reememiiagll ae ied
¢ Packaging merchandise for shipment.
