CONSTRUCTION SUPERINTENDENT
Professional Summary

More than 26 years in construction supervision including accurate takeofls, estimating, budgeting, contracting, Purchasing and invoicing.
Experience in fill on-site construction management and land development; effectively schedule, monitor and inspect all work ftom mobilization to
compktion. Work with architects, engineers, developers, contractors, inspectors, city officials, designers. Experienced in all phases of buiding
commercial and residential. Veteran Superintendent well-versed in preparing and interpreting graphs, charts and maps to create practical schedules

for new construction projects.
Skills
, nueluenan Nea Pe Corereract sea enh esac et]
Paseo ire ol Sener
: en « Construction Scheduling experienced in P3, sure track
Parad? mn ¢ Commercial construction
ort See
PRRs nrcatcnzerer anes Ae Ser ckoe sy
* Works well independently Eee a icscss
Work History

QShratomiencnier lamers wm Onesie
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Assisted in budgeting, bidding and the award of'subcontractors.

Scheduled subcontractors, consultants, and vendors to ensure timely completion of projects.

Coordinated required inspections with local jurisdictions.

Coordinated required inspections with local jurisdictions.

Followed standards and procedures to maintain safe work environment.

Operated wide variety of equipment including power saws, sanders, grinders, cranes drill press, forklift and basic hand tools.
Followed company procedures to maintain work enviroment in a neat and orderly condition.

Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.

Impkmented changes requested by designers, owners or inspectors.

Accurately read, understood, and carried out written instructions.

Owner -Operator , 04/2006 to 05/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Responsible for job-site performance and contract completion in accordance with the contract documents for Commercial Tenant
ib elcnnarranlcy

Work in the foreclosure markets with the Leading Banks and Local Brokers.

Manage and Maintained up to 1250 homes, for a fiscal year.

Review plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

Coordinate utility service providers per project schedules.

Obtain building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

Conduct weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical
ben

Perform regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel.

Digitally archive weekly progress and technical photographs ofall assigned projects.

Prepare and followed through on all required punch Ists.

Oversee the entire building tumover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management.

Prepare regular interval progress reports.

Pm revei tic Arbon m elena leu Celebs neal ere RULe marie an

Scheduk all contractors and mmterials deliveries.

Pichubns ereekuenuniatnedtertonb ee Kemsieke na ilal edie

Project Manager/Superintendent , 07/2002 to 12/2005
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Responsible for all contracts for Saint Agnes Medical Center North Wing Expansion.

Handkd all payment application and change orders.

Scheduled and monitored all prime trade contractor's meetings; coordinated submittals and substitution requests.

Maintain budgets, process invoices and control overhead costs.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
critical issues.

Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personel.

Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.
