CONCRETE LABORER/FINISHER/OPERATOR
Professional Summary

Versatike Concrete Laborer accustomed to working in various enviroments and taking on multiple tasks. Exceptional work ethic, stamina and
reliability. Offering many years history of construction experience, excellent attendance record and reputation for reliability. Hardworking Concrete
Laborer adept at completing tasks quickly and correctly to maximize team productivity and job efficiency. Knowledgeabk about mixing, pouring
and smoothing concrete on-site as well as how to work with pre-cast pieces. Focused Concrete Laborer with strong attention to detail,
commitrent to safety and in any environment. Bringing understanding of appropriate protective measures, correct equipment operation and how to
eflectively contribute to team success through dedicated and responsible work.

Work History
Concrete Laborer/Finisher/Operator , 03/2020 - 04/2021 Company Narr , City , State

Measured precise amounts of concrete and verified levelness to improve quality of finished product.
Installed rebar and molded expansion joints and edges for concrete projects.

Operated equipment such as forklifis safely to efficiently compkte site work.

Domeoiirosbremesstictme ckenpeca oman ratcecs

Shoveled materials such as dirt, gravel and asphalt.

Leveled, smoothed and finished surfaces of poured concrete for construction projects.

Adhered to safety and reporting procedures.

Wore correct clothing and protective equipment for jobs.

Monitored inventory of key tools and materials used at each project site to provide consistent availability.
Reviewed all project documentation and blueprints to prioritize and schedule job tasks.

Engaged with customers and subcontractors and provided timelines for project completion.

Utilized the crane and jackhammer while observing manufacturer's safety procedures and corporate standards.
Applied concrete fabrication techniques to achieve tasks.

Io hee mi Coobtremrehccm orrcmuelciincalon OMAR veri ece

Completed physically demanding tasks such as lifting up to 250 pounds to move job materials.
Maintained clean, safe worksite.

Mixed, spread and patched concrete to specifications for all assigned projects.

Concrete Construction Laborer , 01/2015 - 03/2020 Company Nan , City, State

Installed rebar and molded expansion joints and edges for concrete projects.

Measured precise amounts of concrete and verified levelness to improve quality of finished product.
Operated equipment such as forklifis safely to efficiently compkte site work.

Shoveled materials such as dirt, gravel and asphalt.

Wore correct clothing and protective equipment for jobs.

Leveled, smoothed and finished surfaces of poured concrete for construction projects.
Domeoiirosbremesstictme ckenpeca oman ratcecs

O}Werletkecinein ame a ream Okc aekuatrana

Assisted foreman and driver with positioning of truck and moved discharge chute to guide concrete into fons.
Adhered to safety and reporting procedures.

Engaged with customers and subcontractors and provided timelines for project completion.

Reviewed all project documentation and blueprints to prioritize and schedule job tasks.

Monitored inventory of key tools and materials used at each project site to provide consistent availability.
Set forming materials to prepare for pouring of concrete.

Mixed, spread and patched concrete to specifications for projects.

Lead Dishwasher , 09/2003 - 01/2015 Company Namr , City , State

Washed and sanitized dirty dishes by hand and by using dishwasher.

Efficiently loaded and unloaded dishwashers, cleaning by hand large pots or [Type] items used often by kitchen stafE
Stepped into additional roles during busy times to boost coverage of important stations.

Helped team meet expected demands by restocking work areas throughout restaurant such as server stations, salad bars and supply
cupboards.

Kept kitchen areas neat and clean by removing trash and organizing supplies.

Troubleshot equipment malfimctions and completed minor repairs to keep equipment functioning,

Washed equipment, surfaces, reffigerators and other areas and applied sanitizing chemicab.

Kept work area clan, dry and free of debris to prevent incidents and accidents.

Worked with chemicals such as detergent, rinse agents and sanitizers to protect customer health.

Maintained proper temperatures, behaviors and controls to meet or exceed health department standards.

Oem rcoinietdaae cm ranelecdeneenticeilies Lemon eimnubies ecb eisiunee atte

Increased machine efficiency by scraping and pre-washing dishes.

Assisted with kitchen prep work to help operations run smoothly and meet customer needs.

Completed extra cleaning work on garbage cans, racks, dry storage areas and other fixtures to keep kitchen spotkss.
