LEAD CONSTRUCTION MANAGER / REGIONAL QUALITY MANAGER
Si
Proactive Project Manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. Successfil in creating effective communication
between personnel, general contractors and the management team
bs hranianie
© MS Office proficient

PeOesiacbiekecciigneds(( MMS Louie liber
© Superb managenent skills © Power and hand tool operation
© Project budgeting © Residential construction specialist
* Buikling codes and reguhtions = ¢ =Cost contro!
© Permit processing © Baseline scheduks creation
© Safe job site set-up
schivor anes
11/2010 to 03/2016

Lead Construction Manager / Regional Quality Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Software/Databases: MS Office, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, Microsoft Project, Anritsu Software, Adobe Pro,
Siterra, Remedy, Visio, Quick Base, Documentum Operating Systems: MS Windows / Mac OSX Methodologies: Operations
Managenent, Homcowners/Property Management, Project Management, Business Analysis, Inventory Management Processes
Accountable for managing the daily field construction activities for the AT&T Turf- LTE project in New Jersey /Staten Island and San
Diego Markets Completed 1000+ LTE and NSB site buikis ensuring scope of work compliance, safety, quality, schedule, implementation
and customer satisfaction Committed to both NSB and LTE sites on the team and regarded by the teamas one of most experienced
COSEAb ena a ate

Continually provided guidance and training to multiple general contractors and OCI construction managers related to the LTE scope of
work and AT&T specifications.

Identified opportunities for improvement with project scope and methods of procedure.

Impkmment changes and processes to improve construction efficiency and quality.

¢ Enforced our high quality expectations with the contractors and team by co-creating a QA punch list consisting of over 600 items to be
checked and verified on each site.

This list replaced the AT&T national standard ND-51 compliance checklist on Black & Veatch LTE sites and resulted in a formal
submission to AT&T Wireless from the National Quality Manager for approval to be implemented nationwide.

01/2007 to 11/2010
Owner / General Contractor Company Name 1 City , State

© Supervised construction for over 300 Projects in New York, New Jersey and Pennsytvania and managed a construction team of up to 20
people including Employees, Subcontractors, Architects and Engineers.

Worked closely through weekly cross-fimctional meetings with Engineering, Subcontractors, Employees, Homeowners and Property
Management.

* Assigned action items and tracked required deliverabks and task completion to maintain project deadlines.

Key contributor to the designs and revisions of construction details throughout the construction phase for standardization of design
specifications and creation of construction task order and tracker templates.

* Continuously monitored working environment, production and quality to effectively and safely increase revenue, efficiency and Profitability.
Often answered construction, design and logistics questions and resolved numerous project issues,.

PURO RUS PAUtET
Specialty Manager Company Name i City , State

© Supervise Associates in the selling effort, ensuring the store's in-stock position and maintaining an appealing and organized store

By cl haem

Key accountability: staffing and scheduling, identifying and resolving stock deficiencies, supervisor associates in sellmg behaviors, resolving
customer issues and concems and supporting service needs for both.

© Supervising Store Associates to include interviewing, hiring, motivating, coaching, training, developing and commumicating to associates.

© Provided support for Microsoft Client and Server systems.

© Performance management process, to include semi-annual review of associate performance and how to execute the associate disciplinary
RCCCRUL SER aNeCHINA

Operations Management to include supervision of front end processes involving sakes and retum transactions, as well as special services and

boy ecitie) 10)

01/2001 to 01/2006
System Administrator Company Name iA City , State

© Provided support for Microsoft Client and Server systems.
© Installed and supported network printing devices, upgrades and repairs hardware.
* Maintained user and group policies, Active directory, security procedures, VPN and client requested back-up procedures.
