PERSONAL ASSISTANT/INTERN TO DEPUTY MINISTER OF CONSTRUCTION AND HOUSING- SIERRA, E. A.
Summary

Executive administrative support professional offering versatile office management, planning and research skills. Committed to quality performance,
cognitive thinking and management of organizational goals.

Seeking a position of Development or Executive Assistant where my skills in identifying project strategies and locations are utilized for mutual
growth and success. Particularly wish to apply my extensive research skills and customer service experience ina dynamic real estate setting,

Highlights
CE onebelcrmaseileneRentr ities oid : aleeeulatetied ee a
© Articulate and welk-spoken ar ee na —
© Professional and mature arene nen an
CRW cbalniritcn bem eneat nee ane aired
: panera ¢ Business correspondence
5 A a © Executive presentation development
© Spanish (advanced reading & writing) ae cn rere te
ca]
Accomplishments

Awarded a bonus in recognition of munaging the addition of more than 50 staff members.

Planned corporate meetings, lunches and special events for groups of 50+ employees.

Supported Deputy Minister (Russian Federation) through personal document management, calendar organization and collateral preparation
es ieqinompceaent at melita) om

Helped manage and coordinate installation ofa roadway and parking lot project within an entire commercial development.

Wrote and produced a series of 10 audio and print stories for "PRISM" radio broadcast investigating economic development trends in the
Washington, D.C. Metropolitan area (INTL TV, Services, Inc.)

¢ Eamed "Dean's List" between 2012 and 2014.

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Personal Assistant/Intem to Deputy Minister of Construction and Housing- Sierra, E. A. 10/2014 to 12/2014
Organized files, developed spreadsheets and reports.

Managed the day-to-day calendar for the DM.

Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel fimctions and calculations to develop budget reports and lists.

Created PowerPoint presentations used for local construction projects.

Handled some media and public relations inquiries.

Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.

Planned travel arrangerments for 10 executives and government official.

Researching and analyzed current economic trends for urban mixed-use development.

Company Name City , State Executive Assistant to Director of Operations & CEO 05/2011 to 06/2014

Managed the CEO's complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinated the pre-planning of trips.
Managed external contacts for CEO and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.

Created expense reports, budgets and filing systens.

Conducted research to prepare, gather and proof briefing materials, agendas and decks for all executive-level meetings.
Processed travel expenses and reirbursements.

Assisted with team building initiatives and overall support for maintenance of organizational culture and employee morak.
Supported the hurmn resources department in the annual employee review process to manage performance merit increases.
Directed administrative fictions for the directors, principals, consultants and key managers.

Transkited and edited Russian and Spanish news media into English.
