FACILITIES CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summary

Highly motivated professional responsible for managing overall construction projects and buikding maintenance. Extensive commercial construction
experience, from initial concept, design, and throughout construction. Responsible for handling organizational fimctions and building sustainability
and environmental considerations. Outstanding interpersonal skills, communication, negotiation, and extensive experience interacting with all levels
de iirat eps eieccy ts Me Di eueeericcOU LM GlecR hi BILiinia Zi Lod Mr eC mle Ucns tata arent cmetueRanuLoasnemiritsy
throughout Nebraska, general contractors, and subcontractors on all size of projects from multi-million dollar facilities to roof repairs. Provide
strategic planning and implementation of construction. Responsive to challenges dealing with emergency situations and problems that arise on any
construction site. Admired for the ability to make any task an opportunity to showcase the team involved. Analytical thinker, with attention to detail
and high expectations, which are of the utmost importance to provide a quality product to any customer.

schivor anes

Soli bee@ercneatencleiies

REI gala eR Garay scl aN cli cht a OLN mECIT| Ce

¢ Sokly responsibk for capital construction project management up to $35 Million, including the new military headquarters building in Lincoln,
Nee

Manage Architects, Engineers, General Contractors and Subcontractors.

Responsible for following Army regulations and guidelines in building design.

Uhltimately responsible for all inspections of buikiings supporting state and federal military operations.

Solely responsible for the coordination and design, construction and maintenance of the Nebraska National Guards 2500 Square Foot Data
Center, which was designed to TIA/EIA standards, integrated climate controls, triple redundant HVAC, dual 200Kw UPS systerrs,
750KVA energency power generator and chemical fire suppression.

© Responsible for overseeing all IT equipment and infrastructure.

Instrumental in the implementation of statewide life safety systems designed to shut down HVAC systems in the event ofa biological attack
ina buikding and provide preprogrammed audible direction in the event ofany form of emergency from fire and tornados to terrorist attacks.
© Primary coordinator ofspace management, furniture planning, procurement, and installation.

Cross coordination with Master Planning, Environmental, Financial, and Facility Management.

Briefings to Senior Construction and Facilities Officer to facilitate program updates to The Adjutant General and Govemor of the State of
Nebraska Additional responsibilities include maintaining the CAD standards and managing as-built drawings for over 350 buildings at 48
eer bee Cm

Yrhee@ Uo snae meting
January 2002 to January 2005 Company Name i City , State

Octane bebo ecrsccue ening nceyca ceremony (bre lca

Managed all aspects of commercial construction projects.

Supervised field superintendents and associated crews.

Rio) ey sreceicle os OMe HUnaL coccCHIN AUST MCS oath icR emetic iiretn

Established detailed project schedules and updated 2 week look ahead schedules with input from superintendents.
Conducted weekly job site inspections and progress meetings.

urecanetg ee caecniicr Ira bares ner Lena Oke uns ics

Highly skilled in coordinating subcontractors, suppliers, and owner supplied materials.

Solely responsible for processing project submittals and architectural requests for information.
In charge of pricing, reviewing, processing and tracking change orders.

[OWI cece rb ea cance Reccorniritetd ey ecm

Proficient in reviewing architectural plans and developing project estimates.

Office Manager and Assistant Party Chief
January 2000 to January 2002 Company Nae i City , State

Managed survey crews.

I aeeleiteoem ele Reitla tm

Processed billing statements.

[Keo imet Pla teneccyuie rowel Kae) Occ

Provided field work and drafting for topographical surveys, boundary surveys, improvement location reports, and elevation certificates.
Researched and analyzed various county phts.

Provided survey documentation to appropriate banking institutions and insurance companies.

Compiled construction staking for commercial and residential construction sites.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Construction Management University of Nebraska i City , State Construction Management

Pre-Engineering Studies Peru State College 4 State , Peru Pre-Engineering Studies

als

PNA eci Cnm ee oO UP Mode MCeHUNLeM ment nem cl .we gcd) eR CAGMB ITE comm raul om ales CMtT Sono ee one
procurenent, progress, project management, safety
