PLANT PROTECTION AND QUARANTINE TECHNICIAN
Summary

Environmental Biologist and experienced researcher with expertise in data collection and study. Analytical and detail-oriented.

Highlights
© Certificate study in Wetlands
Identification and Delineation © Knowledgeable about invasive insects and plant hosts
* Proficient in Microsoft Office suite © Undergraduate thesis study "Species Diversity of Lepidoptera in Oak Hickory and Northern
© Excellent verbal and written Hardwood Forests of Luzeme County, PA
communication skills

Accomplishments

* Keystone College Academic Honor Award -Dean!s List Spring 2011 and Fall 2008
¢ Mikired Wrigky Ryder Scholarship Fall 2009 and Spring 2010
¢ Joseph Sirotnak '66, Esq., Memorial Scholarship Fall 2007 and Spring 2009

schivor anes
Plant Protection and Quarantine Technician
May 2011 to August 2011 Company Name 1 City , State

Regional specialist independently conducting Asian Long-Homed Beetle and Emerald Ash Borer ground based visual surveys in eight northeastem
IWant mast bem

TInplemented PPQ standards which safeguards agriculture and natural resources from risks associated with plant pests to ensure an abundant,
high-quality forest canopy.

Enployed industry standards effectively collecting forest and insect field data and reporting results in a timely manner.

Forest Insect Pest Aide I

WEN PAU ROP NUP O RO ein a NCP A OSS 1e
Forest Insect Pest Aide

May 2008 to August 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

Emerald Ash Borer, Asian Longhom Beetk, Sirex Wood wasp and apiarian surveys in Lackawanna County, PA (2008) and 10 northeastern
Pennsylvania counties (2009).

FCCP Eero haa cRliciuened bo nelce a marine eet am nloneie Geno nnty eee ua @ Orne mcitioae yt am ay a Cool)
panel and purple panel insect traps.

Operated and maintained PDA owned 4x4 pickup truck and Panasonic Toughbook computer with Global Mapper and Microsoft Office
Rey iiaitm

Biotin clin Woncey minis ances
May 2007 to August 2007 Company Name 1 City , State

Trail maintenance of Keystone College's 160-acre Woodland Campus and Lake Manataka Environmental Field Station, hazardous tree removal
Pine Bieanesen aa cca

Provided field support at Watershed Explorers Workshop performing water quality monitoring of local lakes and streams utilizing Secchi depth,
Kon ecnemeeb rahi SMosinakecehb ce lemecnlins ier alot Mobs tLacrires bet Lacs

Enploying methods of electro fishing, seining and kick nets; collection and identification of macrophytes.

Flammulkted Owl Research Lab Technician
September 1998 to January 1999 Company Name 1% City , State

Laboratory analysis and documentation of Flammukted Owl prey delivery video, operating video editing equipment. Field data analysis of nest site
foraging habits to determine regional insectivorous dietary selection, consumption, prey density and diversity.

Organized insect collections with stereomicroscope, and invertebrate field guide.
Analysis of insect energy content, utilizing caloric centrifiige, to determine caloric requirements of individual nests.
Results provided support of undergraduate independent study at the University of Nevada-Reno and David P. Arsenault's unpublished thesis for
