PATIENT ACCESS REP
Summary

Dependable Computer Application Analyst, with comprehensive experiences diagnosing and troubleshooting Network, hardware and desktop
issues; tracking and evaluating IT infrastructure incidents; and diverse industry experience in health care and govemment. Expertise includes
systems applications, technical helpdesk experience, information protection analysis, On-call experiences and troubkeshooting in distributed mult-
tier environments. Advanced skills using Epic medical software to register patient and train doctors and nurses on inputting medical information into
the Epic system

Accomplishnents

© Epic Pelican Project team member for LSU Medical Science Center .
¢ Domnin systemat FMOL Health System combined

¢ Worked with the Epic software Go-Live team to troubleshoot

© Acted as the kad Application Analyst for LSU Medical Science

Experience
Patient Access Rep 03/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

Responsibke for obtaining complete and accurate demographic
Enters data in computer thoroughly on patients...

Notifies patients ofco-payments, deductibles or deposits.
Train new employees on how to navigate Epic software.

Geek Squad Consultation Agent 06/2014 to 03/2015 Company Name City , State

Diagnosed and Resolved clients computer problems
Upgraded hardware/software on clients computers
Knowledge and skills of Microsoft Operating Systems.
Removed viruses and malware from clients computers

Technical Support Specialist 09/2013 to 12/2013 Company Narre City , State

Demonstrated advanced product knowledge with AT&T products.
Open and mamage trouble ticket system for all issues.

eT CCuaReoinCcutcreBineanelmOikeesscernc cesT ast Ett comm

FeV he eRST MOK CCBI aan armel oet ecm

EHR Application Analyst 10/2011 to 03/2012 Company Name City, State

© Worked closely with the medical staffto assure Epic access.

¢ Supported End users locally and remotely with technical issue.
CMA once RV ele Oo mie nea cole IeeRSHViG COR sh cnrun esis) om
© Troubleshoot any issues that arise, assured all interfaces work.

Computer Analyst 02/2009 to 12/2011 Company Name City , State

¢ Provided primary technical support to over 5,000 staf

© Trained employees and updated new training docurentation.
¢ Setup new accounts for the doctors and employees.

¢ Strong clinical back ground using Electronic Medical Records

Computer Asst/Functional Adm 06/2001 to 03/2007 Company Name City , State

¢ Resolved computer desktop and laptops issues.

© Knowledge and skills using Remedy and FootPrints.

¢ Led the team moming meeting to update IT management team.
¢ Recommended new software to management as needed.

baleen)
Bachelor of Science : Computer Information Systems Telecommunication Systems Support 2008 Tulane University City , State , USA
Associate of Science : Computer Network Engineering 2002 Delgado Community College City , State , USA
WTA
CMO iccb oR UL AAA carl) Bs uel eBcoiayid
Technical Skills

System Software: Adobe Dreamweaver, Skills monitoring daily production runs, for technical support, (ic., disc backups, database verifications,
