GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Profile

NSMICM Ch ara EN LOM a CuUBLoedmece TM ernem aid onmaraned
Areas of Expertise

© Dairy Nutrition

© Food Safety

¢ Feed supplementation strategies

Professional Experience
Graduate Research Assistant 07/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

Ongoing Researches
-Effect of prototype sequestering agents on performance and mik aflatoxin M1 concentrations of dairy cows fed aflatoxin Bl-contaminated diets.

Bil ecollcuauecd cub lute Gao cot in oreemaon cote ceiietan cited sincacsiinnuisbkeoncoceuilitlnag
probiotic effects on ruminants

-An in-vitro study on the use of tropical plants and essential oils in mitigating methanogenesis in ruminant.

Assistant Lecturer 08/2010 to 06/2013 Company Nanx City , State

-Instructed a chss of 156 students in animal feed and feeding course

-Lectured and commumicated effectively with students from diverse backgroups

Somat none OR scm Lame creme oeTCe NCE nem es] ROE CM NAH) cg eer L ees

prairestb en)
PhD. : Ruminant Nutrition 2017 University of Florida City , State, USA

PAWL)
Seam gol sn emu Celera wi S RG e cnc

-Certificate of outstanding academic achievement, University of Florida International Center

Master of Science : Monogastric Nutrition 2011 University of Agriculture City , State , Nigeria
PWT)

-University of Agriculture Graduate Fellowship

-Postgraduate Tuition Scholarship for First Class Students in the University

-Dufil Prima Schloarship for postgraduate students in Nutrition

Bachelor of Agriculture : Animal Nutrition 2009 University of Agriculture, Abeokuta City , State , Nigeria
PASI Gl

Academic achieverrent award for graduating with a First class...4.59 out of 5.00.

Affiliations

Nigerian Society of Animal Production

Anrrican Society of Animal Science

Publications

Peer-reviewed Publications

-C. M. Huisden, N. J. Szabo, I.M. Ogunade and A. T. Adesogan (2014). Mucuna pruriens detoxification: 1. Effects of ensiling duration and
partick size. Animal Feed Science and Technology. (IN PRESS).
