ADMINISTRATION OFFICE ASSISTANT

Summary

Enthusiastic student-teacher with superb keadership and communication skills. Easily cultivates trusting and productive relationships with students,
parents, teachers administration, and others. Effective at providing quality instruction and fostering a positive working environment with excellent
interpersonal and organization skils.

Pane

¢ Communication: Speaks effectively, articulate, concise, listens attentively, can think on my feet,
feels confident talking to peopk, persuades others, provides feedbacks, openly expresses ideas
Interpersonal: Motivates others, understands others, works well with others, supportive,

olor uemne nu cMmn Bleep esses oll iNg ¢ Calmunder pressure
© Management: Leads others, makes decisions, takes charge or initiative, can teach or mentor others —«_- Decisive
¢ Organizational: Punctual, multi-task, meets deadlines, sets goals, manages projects ¢ Curriculumdevelopnent
PRR oem Voconey eV Laeie@iines wiuriicl (OKC YOM uc eet odg Al) sa MMO utili tere ian’
work with several operating systems knowledge
© Attention to Detail: Produces work that is neat and attractive, ensures that tasks are all done CM crrnomed denice Bs (alsin
¢ Flexible: Willing to try new things, able to work on scheduk, interested in improving efficiency on Hands and Family Homekss
BT An Gd Shelter

Accomplishments

Rota High School, 2009-2013: Class Valedictorian, National Honor Society President, Youth Advisory President, Anti-Bullying Campaign
President, Take Action Youth Advocacy Member, Junior Achieverrent Program Public Relations Officer, Army JROTC Company
Commander, Won Most Outstanding Fennle Graduate, and Leadership Award

Founded and ed a comprehensive after school enrichment programat Rota Ekementary School: "The Reading Bridge Project"

University of Portland Student, Class of 2017. Elementary Education Major. Army ROTC, and Kappa Delta Pi (Education) Honor Society
Officer.

Led 3 Summer Canp Programs, and student teach in 3 schools at the Portland District

Experience
Adiministration Office Assistant 06/2010 to 08/2010 Company Name City , State

(Summer Job) Worked with the Director of the Cultural Affairs department in filing papers, answering phone calls, assisting on historic
preservation projects, working with clients, and educating young students about the importance of preserving the island's culture and language. 2.
Departrent of Public Safety (Rota, M.P., 96951, Songsong Village, District 3, CNMI)

Administration Office Assistant and Public Safety Trainee 07/201 1 to 08/2011 Company Nanx City , State

Assisted on paper works with public safety, arranged meetings, answered phone call, filed paper works, assisted on traffic, worked with police
Cyiiomonpcclm otk oculotenPiiunichom lite cetetnmlbe Tne B orn mci a cerlgvelloe iid Oh tee aera kOe ticamtues ae
with fire department on fire safety ruks. 3. Northem Marianas College Intemship Program (Rota, M.P., 96951, Highway, CNMI)

Nutrition and Agriculture Intemship Trainee 07/2012 to 08/2012 Company Nan City, State

(Internship Program) Trained under the nutritional program with food safety and healthy diet, assisted on presentations for children about nutrition,
mde healthy ice creamand beef jerky to distribute to the community, taught the community about different types of healthy cooking methods,
went around the island to visit farmers who are having probes with crops, educating farmers as to how to maintain their soil, studying the
different diseases of plants and ways to identify symptoms, presented the importance of agriculture to the commumity. 4. Cooperative Education
Program Workforce (Rota High School, M.P., 96951, Songsong Village, CNMI) Teacher Aide for High School students

COOP Program Trainee 02/2013 to 09/2013 Company Name City , State

Assisted in tutoring students who are below average, worked with teachers on projects and plans to help improve both math and English
departments, made assignments to help students practice their skills, made educational games, worked with SPED students, assisted on
parent/teacher meetings, and joined hand in hand with teachers and staff to evaluate the progress of students throughout the school year.

Student Activities Office Assistant 08/2013 to 12/2014 Company Nan City, State

Helped organized activities in the University's Campus. Worked with other Universities to create combined events. Assisted clubs and
Cetiia Coie ese Co imi bem ue tuKcoumegeerenentcy

Education
