SENIOR FIELD APPLICATION SPECIALIST
Summary
Senior Field Application Specialist with extensive customer training experience for a large, intemational, biotech company. An expert on multiple In
Vitro Diagnostic systems and microbial methodologés, all utilized by laboratories in the pursuit of food science, environmental testing,
phanmceutical development, pharmaceutical research, veterinary care, blood banking, clinical research and clinical diagnostics.

Education and Training

2007 Bachelor of Science : Metropolitan State University of Denver - Microbiology and Mokculhr Biology City , State , USA Microbiology and
Mokcular Biology

Experience

Senior Field Application Specialist 06/2014 1% 06/2016 Company Narre City , State

© Responsible for first line of customer support and troubleshooting both onsite and remotely.

¢ Provided proficient and timely instrument training, validation and implementation for bio health care customers on the use ofall Biomerieux
phtforrs and assays; Immunoassay, microbial Identification, microbial resistance, mass spectrometry MALDI-TOF, sterility, microbial
enumeration, DNA/RNA extraction, DNA strain typing, media management, and blood banking,

Strictly adhered to government guidelines and regulations.

Aided the marketing, engineering and sales groups to increase offerings and solutions.

Remnined the technical expert on all products.

Organized and managed a large territory through proper reporting and proof of accountability.

Ficki Application Specialist 01/2008 14 06/2014 Company Name City, State

Responsibke for first line of customer support and troubleshooting both onsite and remotely.

Provided proficient and timely instrument training, validation and impkementation for industrial micro customers on the use ofall Biomerieux
platforms and assays; Immunoassay, microbial Identification, microbial resistance, mass spectrometry MALDI-TOF, sterility, microbial
enumeration, DNA/RNA extraction, DNA strain typing, media management, and blood banking,

Strictly adhered to goverment guidelines and regulations.

Aided the marketing, engineering and sales groups to increase offerings and solutions.

Remnined the technical expert on all products.

Organized and managed a large territory through proper reporting and proof of accountability.

2013 Field Application Specialist of the Year.

2008 Field Application Specialist of the Year.

National Trainer VITEK Mass Spectrometer MALDI-TOF.

Validated TEMPO for the USDA MDP program.

Developed and implemented new trainmg materials and guidelines.

Lead trainer of the Diversilab DNA strain typing System, and lead molecular support.

Designed Biomerieux training and certification for the Food Emergency Response Network.

Lab Technician 01/2007 i 12/2007 Company Name City, State

¢ Hired to work ona Federal fimded program testing produce for human pathogens.
¢ Utilized several in vitro diagnostic systems, DNA Extraction and Amplification, and minimal Chemistry GC/MS.

Teaching Assistan/ Research Assistant 01/2005 i% 01/2007 Company Name City , State

© Cell and Mokcular Teaching and Research Assistant.

© Responsible for materials used in Iectures and practical work.
¢ Led ketures, graded papers.

¢ Assisted in Cell and Molecular Research.

Skils
banking, Chemistry, customer support, DNA, GC, government, marketing, materials, Network, reporting, Research, sales, Teaching, Trainer,
training materials, troubleshooting, typing, validation
