GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Dedicated professional with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated in ten years of experience in the agricultural
sector, specifically in the Research and Development division with an extensive knowledge of biological control in the field of Entomology

Core Qualifications
* Background in biological control using member from the Coleopteran fanily of « Area wide surveys and data collection for
picocd ireues ai)
© Expert in data analysis * Data presentation
© Experimental desigvimplementation
Accomplishments

© Successfilly determine the biology, reproduction and the effect of chemicals on the Thalassa montezumae , a predatory beetle of the new
invasive scale insect Phalacrococcus howertoni in South Florida.

Integrated Pest Management Workshop Identification of Scales Mealybugs and Natural enemies.

Identification of Mites of economic importance to the Caribbean and their Natural enemies Training Seminar on Management of Protected
leniiateene acaa

© Identification of Nematodes for Professional Consultants Green house training course.

schivor anes
Company Name City , State GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT 01/2013 to 04/2016

¢ Assist with various research project in the Center of Biological control lab.
© Developing a potential biological contro! for Croton Scales ( Phalacrococcus howertoni ).
* Maintain culture of Croton scales and Thalassa montezumae under green house and laboratory conditions,.

Company Name City PLANT PROTECTION OFFICER - Entomology 10/2011 to 12/2012

* Rear Parasitoids wasp ( Anagyrus kamali) and release in areas affected by the Pink Hibiscus Mealy bug ( Maconellicoccus hirsutus )
with 95% success rate and determined parasitism levels at each site.

Record data.

Maintain cultures of Pink Hibiscus Mealybug and Anagyrus Kamali at rearing facility.

Develop solutions for pest problems in yam ( Dioscorea spp .) in Jamaica

Establish and conduct fickl evaluations with treatments against yam nematodes.

Develop Citrus Greening Management Programme in Jarmica in collaboration with Food and Agriculture Organization and Government of
Jamaica Components.

Assist in the Island wide survey for incidence of citrus greening and parasitism levels of Tamarixia radiate .

Assist the monitoring programme for the Area-wide Integrated Management Systems (AIMS) for Citrus greening in citrus orchards.
Develop management program for the Beet Army Wom Spodoptera exigna ) and monitoring of fanms in affected parishes.

Establish & maintain Beet Army Worm culture in the laboratory.

Conduct insecticide efficacy trial

Impknent Integrated Pest Management of major pests of crops under Protective Cultivation in Jamaica

Data generated on temperature, humidity and pest status in greenhouse crop.

Company Name City FIELD AND LAB RESEARCH ASSISTANT 12/2002 to 10/2011

Receive diagnostic samples from extension officers and fanrers.

Prepare sampks for diagnostics.

Rear and preserved specimens as necessary.

Establish experimental plots.

Visit field for prescribed observations and data collection as was set out in proposal.

Monitor on and off station experimental plots for infestations.

Maintain inventory list, materials and lab space.

Work on all research projects in the unit.

Assist in Crop and Plant Protection Unit Integrated Pest Management Systems developing on several crops threshold base pesticides.
Population dynamic study on Red Palm Mites and Broad Mites.

brairestbeny
Master of Science : Entomology - Qualifying 2016 Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University , City, State , United States
Bachelor of Science : Environmental Science 2011 Knox Community College , City , Jamaica

Associate of Science : General Agriculture 2006 College of Agriculture Science and Education , City , Jamaica
