FINANCIAL INSTITUTION EXAMINER
Summary
Commissioned bank examiner with over five years of experience with the FDIC. Strong analytical skills and technical background in credit review,
financial statement analysis, and intermediate accounting work. In-depth knowledge and experience in interpreting and applying banking ruks and
regulations. Recognized for high-quality team contributions during exarrinations of numerous financial institutions, including large, complex, and
troubled institutions.

Highlights

Well-versed in ETS ALERT (FDIC's proprietary loan review software) and MS Office software, including frequent use of PowerPoint for
presentations and MS Excel for data manipulation (ex. pivot tabks, charts, etc.) *Basic experience in SPSS, Bloomberg, and QuickBooks
schivor anes

FINANCIAL INSTITUTION EXAMINER 01/2010 to Current Company Narre City , State

Dette ec a EleyuC Laue io a 7c eI Auoe

* Colkborate with examiners, specialists, and assistants to evaluate the saféty and soundness of operations for over 70 insured depository
PCT CO RUMI DR one Rea tcl PMoMmoy CHR GUO NAB INU ecco acen Lore ki emer CoE Opp col mce licen ay

© Assess the asset quality, asset and lability management strategies, the adequacy of capital, earnings performance, and the budgetary process

Blaine) ete

Hold formal exit meetings with senior management and board meetings with the directorate to discuss examination findings and obtain

commitment for corrective action.

© Facilitate the training of less-tenured employees through designated on-the-job training assignments.

Credit Review Experience: Evaluate the asset quality ofan institution through review of Joan files and assign loan classifications.

Focus on reviewing commercial credits (ie., commercial mortgages, C&I loans, working capital lines), large participations, and specialized

Parahieg eeurstt ice

¢ Assess borrowers’ capacity to repay; protection; performance; and the adequacy of underwriting, credit administration practices, and
Peers em Tenn ailpeciorerucurerwarl Pace cesar e

« Analyze financial statements, tax retums, and other financial documents of borrowers, guarantors, and related entities to assess risk and

creditworthiness on a global basis.

Ensure that financial information is timely, complete, and enable mangement to accurately measure for compliance with performance

onesie

Discuss concems with loan officers and management regarding specific loans, file documentation, and any regulatory compliance issues.

Cite apparent violations of law and regulations as necessary and prepare formal loan write-ups, technical schedules, and an overall

PLC Crea Lecce a iMeN aL act UCoen em Las eb elLekeclert sei

Significant Assignments: Nov.

© 2013 - Served as acting examiner-in-charge ofan examination ofa $700 million bank, which resulted in the downgrade of $10 million in

Joans ftom Special Mention to Substandard, and the citation ofan apparent violation of regulatory appraisal requirements, and identification

of the lack ofan impairment analysis for a restructured trouble debt.

12/2014

¢ Supervised the activities of loan review team as asset manager at a $4.4 billion mutual savings institution in which the asset quality rating was
upgraded due to an improverent in adversely classified loans, despite identified criticisms of the allowance methodology and
recommendations to improve monitoring of lending policy exceptions.

Noe

© 2015 - Designated as one of the national training instructors for division-wide rollout of new proprietary Examination Tool Suites (ETS) loan
PA amr ee RescT rece Anite

In addition, designed and developed original training material to refresh examiners' knowledge of loan review software for presentation in
two field offices.

© Certifications & Awards: FINRA Series 91 (Mar.

2014) - FDIC Safety and Soundness Technical Evaluation STAR Award (Oct.

2014) - Strong teamwork, technical knowledge, and high-quality contributions to loan review team at examination ofa troubled institution,
including identifying loan downgrades STAR Award (Jul

2015) - Outstanding performance during the examination ofa complex institution under a regulatory enforcement action, including identifying
and citing over 170 apparent violations.

OSU SOLU 0 een ina nniine

© STUDENT INTERN, Rural Electric Infrastructure Loan & Loan Guarantee Program Processed Joan applications from rural electric utility
Cosme nIniecmTusm ea ectincRUn aa Lee Lait em

Performed credit analyses, ensuring that regulatory minimus for certain financial ratios were met.

* Assessed loan feasibility through a detailed review of 10-year forecasted cash flows and sensitivity analyses, and examined borrowers’
three-year historical financial statements to monitor performance trends.

oe renecm enn el aOR beeen ious ccna EB UU Eee cnnemincicicon ange cease pence ib 0)
appropriated fimds for new construction and storm damage repairs.

Education
May 2010 UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, COLLEGE PARK
