BUDGET ANALYST SERIES 0560
Siena

Accounting Skills A

er REO Cpielbea Pecan nue nai Rec om om iisteeb ice) Kearns Rorcnuceas cng ras (eninih eed

I ere cee ea ones moe e eeee cg yews tm

Ability to interpret accounting related rulings, regulations, directives and bulktins to develop sound conclusions, recommendations and applications
to specific inquires and situations.

Flexible Budget Analyst who adapts seamessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies.

Ability to communicate verbally and in writing in order to develop and deliver presentations, briefings and/ or training sessions.

Parana

Cie shenaaneslis

Pap tcoliclom ohcos kia

Calm under pressure

Stafftrainng

Cy
© Cost Benefit Analysis (CBAs) * Sound judgment
e

¢ Financial reporting expert

Self motivated professional

Experience
Budget Analyst Series 0560 Jul 2007 to Current
Company Name 1% City , State

(This is a federal job)

Hours per week: 40

Pay Plan: GS

Grade: 11/12

Ae) cos ilo mocmom cca mane eee (Ro ccantnd eeu rleaiceb anne Rob e(cum i toncccchey MAR oBredl ye 0) ice

Give sound conclusion when developing and executing yearly business plan by, conducting research, assembling and analyzing facts to set
oT pam CHIN m Ke elie uete (omen ec nett ecm

Provide monthly budget briefings to department heads on monthly expenditures, workload counts and make recommendations for any
erineRemtei insu nana

Handk compkx issues on unknown budget requirements, providing in-depth evaluations and provide executive keadership team assistance
in making sound business decisions.

Manage the following accounts. Payroll, staffing supplies, equipment, travel. rent and commumications, depreciation and contractual services
for current fiscal year and out-years.

Subject matter expert in managing find control points and obligating finds as needed to meet budgetary requirements, in accordance with
franchise finds and government-wide fiscal dept collection, procedures, standards, regulations and policies.

Process all financial documents in the Integrated Funds Distribution Control Point (IFCAP) system.
Review, analyze and reconcile find expenditures with in control points ona regular basis, to ensure proper use of finds in other areas.

Dremorl Roars awame ceca Cearl Mb enoeipeemectcineeleriiae aa ara
