NATURAL RESOURCE SPECIALIST GS-12/5
Position Applying

Realty Specialist (Generalist)

pPotinaneee ior ey

Boa eyem sitncs Kee (heist Pav nties

Rocky Mountain Region, Division of Real Estate Services
Announcement Number: STIMP-10879339-20-CW

Objective

Ca CIN cco la CoCo Ries Ge Buicc eon Pl ESC LE clon acs A Asa professional it has always been my
Pest Ee Buc Orso En gua cus ocr Gus Wem nie snake IMU re Neb s ree MUP ater oe Eealon ered neat one et
Pricer ee ReneS coe eco W BTC Cee ices cee ceac cule R Rear aes cuncBienngcduelLora cine
professional experiences in the Natural Resources field. A I am knowkedgeable in conservation practices, BIA Agriculture and Range Management
Policies, Procedures and Practices. A I am familiar with the Crow Land Use beak Wind River Reservations Grazing Resolution, Northem
Cheyenne's grazing laws and the Three Affiliated Tribes Grazing Resolution. A Through my experience I am very Per cc AP eto
Federal Regulations 162 and 166. I feel I have established or improved management practices for the Agencies I have served. A I amdevoted to
Try organization and am committed to the Indian Trust Land Owners and Tribes during my tenure with the Federal Agencies I have served.
Education

2004

Montana State University-Bozeman

CORI Aiee enema an eed

Bachelor of Science

2001

Little Bighom Colkege

City , State Natural Resources

Fess R ace aned

1992

Psrncrriny Sraescar ey

(Or WRC

High Schoo! Diplom

Experience

January 2013 to Current

Company Name City , State Natural Resource Specialist GS-12/5

T manage approximtely 98 range units, which consists of tribal, allotted, government tracts and taken area. Duties require me calculate Animal
Unit Months (AUMs), determine accurate acreage, establish conservation plans, mvoice, modify and adjust yearly rental rate in TAAMs, issue 10-
day show cause ktters for non-paymet and cancellation ketters should it be necessary. I am required to work cooperatively with the Tribal Natural
Resource staff, members of the Natural Resource Committee and Mandan, Hiidaatsa, Arikara Tribal Council. I am required to provide technical
assistance as requested to the Three Affiliated Tribes, updating or amending Grazing/Natural Resource Resolutions, assist in noxious weed
projects, determining taken area acres (Non-Trust on-off acres). Most recently, worked ina partnership with the Tribe under a 93-638 contract
to complete rangeland inventory providing technical assistance in grazing study. The competed inventory determined accurate range unit
boundaries and allotments, updated stocking rates, Animal Unit Months (AUMs) and identified noxious weed infested areas. This prepared for a
new pemnit period required updating grazing resolution, sending out over 18,000 Authorities to Grant Grazing Prividges to individual Indian interest
owners, application and allocation process. Establish 5 year range unit permits once allocated. Prepare and write notices for non-compliance, non-
payment, trespass livestock, 180-day notice of removal of allotment from range unit and other notices to permittees, land owners and the tribe. I
direct staff in inspecting, sending notices and taking corrective action on trespass livestock on the range units and farm and pasture leases.
Currently, there are 700 producing wells on Fort Berthok, approximately 400 are in the range unit or farmand pasture kases, I am responsible in
identifying, planning and withdrawing oil & gas right-of-way from existing surface keases. Responsible for sending 180 day notice and withdrawing
individual allotments (by majority consent) from range units. Investigate, determine trespass, take corrective action and assess penalties on oil or
salt water spills on trust property. Assist with oil and gas/environmental mitigation. Locate and investigate trespass scoria pits, water depots,
pipeline - take corrective action and assess as necessary. Mediate, consult and give recommendations when there is a dispute or conflict within the
Page c esp eee cen be mie uc UT Kom NOE cet eke keen com weer hOcnecs iP ecdineel anmance Obata raty
using ArcGIS 10.5.1 and in the field. Determine idle farm and pasture tracts using TAAMs query and assist realty staffin advertising. Assist realty
staffin meeting deadlines when necessary. Determine and locate current and potential homesite kases. Review acquisition and disposal
conveyance documents for accuracy. Assist Acquistion and Disposal staff with estate planning, land exchange or gift conveyances. Respond to
data calls from the regional office and central office, gather and compile docurrentation when in litigation thoroughly and promptly as requested.
Provide documentation/packets for Appeals as requested by Solicitor. Assigned as alternative coordinator for the Agency Freedom of Information
Act (FOIA), this requires me to gather documents, files and correspondences. Monitor TAAMs lockbox system for pending payments and

ON STS On een aes PGS sO OREN ca con kiteceeULed Ob anclbcenecninl MT earcomie be icoaae hea OP tors Ach achat
acting as Superintendent. Other supervisory duties include updating position descriptions and rating performance appraisak. Take corrective action
on insubordinate, non-performing and/or misconduct employee(s), should it be necessary. Act as Superintendent in her absence.
