JAMAICA- APICULTURE EXTENSION SPECIALIST

Sumnnry of Skils

Physical Planning and Land Management

IO cee Nose Lape stim

Land Use Planning

Geographic Information System (GIS)

Strong organizational and planning skills.

Strong leadership qualities with flexibility, Able to work alone, as team member, or as supervisor.

Skilled in communications, both written and verbal.

Document creation and information management. Leadership Activities: Director of Sports - Students Union, University of Technology,
Jammica (2008-2009) University of Technology Student Union Award for Exemplary Service as Director of Sports (2008-2009)

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Urban and Regjonal Planning University of Technology University of Technology, Jarmaica Bachelor of Science (BSc) in
Urban and Regional Planning

High Schoo! Diplomm Campion College Campion College, Jamaica High School Diploma

Certificate of Education : (GCE), Advanced Level Subjects Four General Certificate of Education (GCE), Advanced Level Subjects Seven
Caribbean Examination Council (CXC) Subjects

Professional Experience

ALiiLesew eve aiiilnem oor ei mynou ele Pee Oreneced

Company Name

The assessinent and management of government owned apiaries in a region of three parishes

Inspection and monitoring of apiaries owned by both the government and bee keepers

Training and developrrent of bee keepers - how many bee keepers?

The identification of areas for research and liniise between researchers and beekeepers how did you identify these areas and how did this
help the business operations or grow business?

* Project conceptualization and impleentation- preparing project proposals for group submission to enable grants to the beekeeping industry
¢ Supervises and monitors activities on group projects and community groups - what did you do?

© Prepare reports on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis outlning all activities carried out for the period

Jarmaica- Planning Technician 07/2012 to 08/2012
Company Name

* Member of the planning team assigned to the Portmore Development Plan Project. Conducting land use surveys in designated special areas
of the development order region.

Serving as team keader - what does leader do?

Composed and submitted weekly progress reports to project supervisor, identifying any anomalies

Acting as a linison to the community; informing community members as to the nature of the development order project and briefing them on
the upcoming community consultations.

Input of land use data into Geographic Information System (GIS).

Generation of land use maps for designated special areas using geographic information system (GIS).

National Environment and Planning Agency, Jamaica- Planning Technician 06/2011 to 12/2011

Conducting land use surveys in designated special areas of the development order region.

Serving as team keader for an assigned team

Composing and submitting weekly reports to project supervisor on work undertaken each week.

Acting as a linison to the community; informing community members as to the nature of the development order project and briefing them on
the upcoming community consultations.

© Input of land use data into Geographic Information System (GIS).

© Generation of land use maps for designated special areas using geographic information system (GIS).

PG ere et b |
Company Name
National Environment and Planning Agency, Jamaica- Planning Technician 06/2010 to 08/2010

© Conducting land use surveys in designated special areas of the development order region.

© Composing and submitting weekly reports to project supervisor on work undertaken each week.

* Acting as a liaison to the community; informing community members as to the nature of the development order project and briefing them on
the planned community consultations.

01/2010 to 01/2010

Company Name

Jarraica- Planning Intern 08/2008 to 10/2008
Company Name
