PROJECT(S) MANAGER
Professional Overview

A Medical Anthropologist who is driven by a fimdamental interest in human health and welfare froma sociocultural perspective. Ms. Kazaryan is
prepared to use her strong research and project managerrent skills to develop, impkement, evaluate, direct, and monitor public service projects for
[vee icolout ET Neesoube Meee rene Rte cuce

Core Qualifications

© Qualitative/Quantitative Mixed Method
Research/Analysis/Consuttation, Ethnography, Interviews and
Interactional Analysis, Literature Review and Content Analysis,
Peete am aes Oa om Oi uemree Cay uel Lelia
Diaspora

© Project Management, Compliance, Monitoring and Evaluation,
Quality Management and Assurance, Program
Planning/Developrent/Implermentation (Technical and Nor-
Technical), Report Writing and Presentation, & Public Speaking

brairestbeny
Master of Science & Philosophy , Medical Anthropology 2015 University of Oxford - City, State , UK

PRReSo ne sic t alm Ohm rene Lente waver etl cl
¢ Advisor: Elisabeth Hsu, University of Oxford, Medical Anthropology Professor and Fellow of Green Templeton College, Oxford

Bachelor of Arts , Anthropology 2012 University of California, Berkeley - City , State, USA

© *Academic Honors in Anthropology, Distinction in General Scholarship*
* Advisor: Aiwa Ong, UC Berkeley Department of Anthropology
¢ Reader: Santoukht Mikaelian, UC Berkeley Department of Slavic Languages and Literatures

Associate of Arts , Honors General Education 2010 Glendale Community College - City , State , USA

© *Academic and Dean's Honor Roll*
* Advisor: Michael Hamett, GCC Scholars Program Director

schivor anes
Project(s) Manager Jan 2015 to Current
Company Name - City , State

Within the first few weeks, produced the company Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity Plan in coordination with the Pharmacy Manager and
the Phanmacist in Charge. Currently manage monitoring and evaluation activities within all pharmacy departrents via [review of] internal audits.
Ensure compliance with all applicable state and federal standards as outlined by the National Association of Boards of Phanmacy (NABP).
Supervise the current Compliance Officer in order to accomplish Verified Intermet Pharmacy Practice Sites (VIPPS) accreditation. Deal with all
public relations matters. Goal is to create not only an ethical, compliant, and safé working environment, but also ensure the same integrity is
represented in the healthcare services provided.

Consultant Sep 2015 to Dec 2015
Company Name - City , State

Provided methodological training directly to the Monitoring and Evaluation Department. This included lessons in ethnography, interactional analysis,
content analysis, grounded theory, open ended interviews, and systematic review of research literature. Actively participated ina number of private
consultations, public conferences, and key cooperation workshops with delegates from the World Health Organization (WHO), The World Trade
Organization (WTO), The Work Bank, The Food and Agriculture Organizations of the United Nations (FAO), and all Eurasian Economic Union
(EEU) nation states and their respective ministries from the health and agriculture sectors.

Compliance Officer Sep 2012 to Aug 2013
Company Name - City , State

Designed a comprehensive policy and procedure company manual for employees, patients, and sharehokders. Reviewed patient-phanmcist
consultations, internal audits, and dealt with all compliance and ethics related issues. Accomplished accreditation by the Utilization Review
Accreditation Commission (URAC) for the company. Built strategic pharmaceutical alliances resulting in signed contracts with major drug
mnufacturingcompanies to allow for the dispensing of new and/or limited distribution cancer treatments. Licensed the phanmacy in 24 US. states
Tere a nmin ere Ono Tem

Collections Management Assistant Aug 2011 to Jun 2012
Company Name - City , State

Ne etPor sua me bcocrieORiLaUonacame a eGo cutee oiuraa@e OB oorc cen econ Pailin OAM coats iecceL any
students, interns, and volunteers regularly as they worked with valuable and fragile artifacts, including human skeletal remains. Organized the
