GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Summary
Dedicated professional with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated in ten years of experience in the agricultural

sector, specifically in the Research and Development division with an extensive knowkdge of Biological contro! and identification of insect in the
rai kee satenre oa

Fareed
Team player
Background in biological control using member from the Cokopteran family of insect
Serene KeGlemrsl Ns)
PORN are Rea Kue) leute bom iecealcaty
Pala B ecco tety
Experiental desigvimplementation

Accomplishments

etic Cannaibae Lenmcomsa ate m ita hea ca banc) Sel bW Peete acre ICN a mac Realy ear civminN sind
scale insect Phalacrococcus howertoni in South Florida.

Integrated Pest Management Workshop Identification of Scales Mealybugs and Natural enemies.
Ciel GURU cecnienn cmon aellncnenenram Nine arate)
Training Seminar on Management of Protected Cultivation Insect.

Identification of Nematodes for Professional Consultants

Occhio rstelteeeetnien

Sonate
Company Name City , State GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT 01/2013 to 12/2015

¢ Assist with various research project in the Center of Biological control kb.

* Developing a potential biological control for Croton Scales (Phalacrococcus howertoni).
SAE bene cea S ele) nei CUM on aan emcee belies O lnc amuse beice

Company Name City , State PLANT PROTECTION OFFICER - Entomology 10/2011 to 12/2012

Rear Parasitoids wasp ( Anagyrus kamali ) and release in areas affected by the Pink Hibiscus Mealy bug ( Maconellicoccus hirsttus)
Ray Ritenccsr cane Reacarinac gets ase gcse ES Cm

Record and analyze data

EW aTEL Len coke 8 an as le cutcS IY cal ENO eG UR AE ce tees Hal

Develop solutions for pest problems in yam (Dioscorea spp.) in Jamnica Establish and conduct field evaluations with treatments against yam
Peottsl ees

Pere ONTO cca HoaleuoucN eR Lcbutselaecicomlibinec rine curanink@ edict mre ken enaem
Jamaica Components,

SSS NIT ane CEU NN Om ba Core U CoN SP Ue cn Meee meTCRTSHD Stake WPT eA Oe

Assist the monitoring programme for the Area-wide Integrated Management Systems (AIMS) for Citrus greening in citrus orchards.

Die eB LaEnsOeuclun Oa eS come A OL AAO Ou EROS EIB eni eee spi bti tod cept ae

Establish & maintain Beet Anny Worm culture in the laboratory.

[Qe rrscente nai vena anal

Impkrrent Integrated Pest Management of major pests of crops under Protective Cultivation in Jamaica

Palnwucranl cee mar marie Mn Meee CUR Pu coannetcckacs

Company Name City , State FIELD AND LAB RESEARCH ASSISTANT 12/2002 to 10/2011

Received diagnostic sampks from extension officers and farmers.

Prepared samples for diagnostics.

Identification of insect specimen in the plant clinic

ics Es eB iecaahee Boned pone pancscti a

Established experimental plots.

Visited field for prescribed observations and data collection as was set out in proposak.
NWO oecRen ere Recrlbononcnennl ech Om nccr item

Maintained inventory list, materials and lab space.

Worked onall research projects in the unit.
