PUD DN Ey
[etcas veel

Creative Marketing Professional with an MBA secking a new chalkenge afer many years as a stay at home mony broad-based background in
highly competitive and dynamic organizations. Recognized as a decisive kader and excellent team player.

Nitireran gees) alls
ORR hes
multi-tasker
¢ Focused on
Pars iey
A proven professional, experienced in sakes, marketing, management, and business development. Public and Private Sector Paticiataceyty
experience with valuable network of contacts; Excellent communication and public rehtion skills; event planning & public © Training and
speaking experience; Presented an Intemational Honor Award by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural development
Service for outstanding kadership and commitirent to the promotion of U.S. agricultural trade worldwide, May 1998. ¢ Marketing
ad
© Team
management
© Deadline-
ranted
Accomplishments

RC yt or aL cee ELC UCC LCN CUM Dnt enorme Urol enb MOR Ce Omen narareck it}
valuable network of contacts; Excellent communication and public relation skills; event planning & public speaking experience; Presented an
International Honor Award by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service for outstanding eadership and commitment
to the promotion of U.S. agricultural trade workiwide, May 1998

Awarded Contract with Southem U. S. Trade Association to implement a CanadiaUS Trade Mission, arranged and conducted
conferences, handled guests transportation, assembled media kits and press rekases: Master of Ceremony for several of the conferences
EIR ee econMbe Reenter praca tie

GA's International Trade Division was recognized as a State Model of Excellence by the Small Business Administration at a Vision 2000
conference, Washington, DC 1998

Major: International Business, Honors Graduate; MBA Studies Abroad (Germany) - July 1991

CRC ceyu sR Oo) cue Seite Os. elnetR Oleic)

County Coordinator for two successfill Gubermtorial campaigns; Honored as an "Admiral of the Georgia Navy”

Named Outstanding Young Women of America - '91

Executive Board for the University of Georgia's Center for International Agriculture 96- present

State 4-H Volunteer- Judge for State Competitions '94-'99

GA Council of International Visitors - Host and Member of the Business Women's Council '93 -present

Member of the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce

Board of Directors, Refugee Womrn's Association of Metro Athnta '95-96

SHUG ee mC RUA LeN TBAT abe oe)

PAO MNCOnrc BEB arslceiaM EclcMNn ecoan

Georgia Economic Developer's Trade Committee '97-'99

Honored by Kennesaw State University for work on international training programs '97

Junior League of DeKalb County '93-99; Junior League of Ann Arbor 99-present

Alummi Advisor to Georgia State University’s Delta Sigma Pi Business Fratemity '88

ilecrenpomar anes
res lang
August 1999 to January 2002 Company Name 1% City , State

© Provide contract services to organizations through implementation of global business strategies: identifying new business opportunities,
conducting market research, market promotions, trade show representation, and product demonstrations.

¢ Awarded Contract with Southem U. S. Trade Association to impkment a CanadiawUS Trade Mission, arranged and conducted
conferences, handled guests transportation, assembled media kits and press rekases: Master of Ceremony for several of the conferences
BP itece econmibereenbucaeacenal pre canes

¢ Negotiated on behalf of buyer/sellers for several rge bulk commodity export transactions

Director, International Trade Division

Novenber 1996 to August 1999 Company Name 1% City , State Atlanta, GA and Brussels, Belgium
Supervised maintenance of intermational trade database and export trade lead program

January 1998 to January 1998 Company Name 1% City , State

© was recognized as a State Model of Excellence by the Small Business Administration at a Vision 2000 conference, Washington, DC 1998
Provided strategic direction, management, budgetary allocation, traming, & staffing of Atlanta and Brussels offices
