CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER

Executive Profile

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Experienced, performance-driven executive with a record of providing kadership in strategic planning, program design
and implerentation, performance measurement and employee engagement. Action-driven senior management executive with 10+ years of
measurabk results - improving operations, building collaborative relationships, developing high performing staff and effectively managing budgets.
Visionary keader and change-agent who consistently spends time with employees to encourage karning and promote continuous improvement that
results in value-added customer service. Tactfill and diplomatic representative who is respected for the ability to engage and develop strong
working relationships with diverse constituencies. Executive with broad cross-fimetional leadership experience across all core business fimetions
including strategy, human resources, finance, marketing, and technology. Effective communicator and relationship-builder who gathers and shares
informtion effectively across all management, department, and discipline levels and fosters collaborative spirit, consistently achieving excellent
results. Strategic Planning * Change Management * Performance Managerrent Diversity & Inclusion * Employee Engagement * Training &
Mentoring * Budget Planning Continuous Improvement * Team Building * Strategic Partnerships * Communication Customer Experience *
Financial Management * Leadership * Facility Management

Professional Experience

On Neen er cn eM ERO LOU ne@heetleructlinke ica

lena El CG

© Serving as Chief of Staff, direct the overall strategic planning and implementation, policy development, organizational development, and
resource allocation (fiscal, administrative, and staff) for the School of Information.

Led effort to transition key finance and human resource functions to a shared services center.

Initiated strategies to improve diversity of applicant pools for staff positions achieving a 15% increase in applications from under-
represented minorities.

Initiated organizational review and development ofa five-year strategic human capital plan.

Originated changes to annual goal setting process to facilitate coordination and collaboration among functional units and improve alignment
Wanner ee el ESHe@Lecl CRE Leroob ee) eh e leet ed] om

Oversaw build out and occupation ofnew facilities to accommodate growth in programms and services.

¢ Serve as member of American Library Association Accreditation Task Force.

Company Name November 2012 to September 2013 Director of Strategy and Business Performance
lena El CG

© Drive the use of performance metrics, process improverrent and employee engagement for structural reform, innovation and better customer

oso

Oeil coneisioii ee michel weir oasis vince rc cca ar eaten ineRcellnitia na limiauslethe Roars sect eni tam

Directed implementation of transformational change projects including departrent-wide inspection process improverment project.

All projects delivered on schedule and within budget and scope.

Developed the vision, strategies and standards for the departrrent's Voice of the Customer program

Led performance measurement, employee engagement, process improverrent and change management efforts with a focus on enabling

innovation, reducing waste and improving customer service.

© Initiated creation of'a recruitment and selection model to improve diversity of applicant pool and recruit talented people that fit the
Glowsicrenkearcae li am ebcee mele (Ccem

* Led implementation of Salesforce CRM to track and manage economic developrrent relationships and activity.

Company Name April 2012 to November 2012 Director
lena El CG

© Set the strategic direction and led implementation of statewide service and process optimization efforts.

© Identified best practices and tools for assessing process improverrent projects, eliminating waste and streamlining services.
* Hand-picked by Govemor’s Office to support Michigan's Good Government Center of Excellence.

© Led developrent of vision, strategies and standards for service and process optimization efforts.

CREE eb one eeenecconecro nme em ne can Bn imiusieniacerd tats es eis) CUCM

© Developed training program leading to 54 employees eaming Lean Green Belt Certificates.

Company Name September 2009 to Noverrber 2012 Business Resource & Technology Manager
lena El CG

© Directed the development, implementation and ongoing delivery of business process improverrent, performance measurement and
technology initiatives,

Envisioned and developed the strategy to drive performance measurement in each business unit.

Facilitated process improverrent, strategic planning and focus group events for multiple state agencies.

Led strategic effort to reduce cost by integrating and modemizing IT systems.

OitTeee ececE Cenc as Inc CSRU UU Bic iui ccna

Oi na Nch relent Ane Rec Lanl Bu iiitLes
lena El CG

© Plan, organize, and manage operations of the Upper Peninsula State Fair including administrative oversight for the operation of MDARD's
