ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AP - (CREDITORS) SUPERVISOR,
Summary

Selfmotivated Accounts Payable Specialist offerings a strong work ethic and determination to compkte tasks ina timely manner. Accurate and
detail-oriented with extensive accounts and clerical knowledge.

Highlights
* Accounts payable professional
© Strong communication skills
© Expert in customer relations
Pee Sica uauenesrrarazeny end

© Attention to detail
* Resolve outstanding issues timely
© Develop and impkment systems, policies and procedures

Accomplishments

Reduced credit card expenses processed on it-house system from ZAR 2.2 million to ZAR 4.96
Reduced the unresolved queries on accounts from 48 months to 30 days

Negotiated carly settlement discounts with vendors

schivor anes
Accounts Payable AP - (Creditors) Supervisor
March 2013 to December 2015 Company Name i% City , State

© Full fimction AP (creditors) supervision - mamging AP staff office.

Carter oe lmensielsceceairenscetogchin eae eines casuus nice Otel MeN ee Snel ecceine inlet @Omec\iinUneeele sia

with requirements.

Update reconciliations due list on Excel & hand to relevant AP associate to balance with his / her list.

Approve list of suppliers to be paid & hand over to AP associates to load for payment Analysis of terms and conditions of potential vendors

Schedule training for staff members.

* Ensure good communication in order that all persons are fully aware of their duties and responsibilities by sending e-mail and also verbally
communicating any changes / possible problems as and when they arise.

© Communicate with other teams / managers regarding any queries or problems that could cause suppliers accounts not being paid.

* Full responsibility for reconciliation of key vendor accounts and travel Credit Card statement.

em terial
Novenber 2012 to February 2013 Company Name 14 City , State

Manage lease agreement database.

Compile World Screening checks / forward details and results to corporate office.

Create "Offer to Renew Lease Agreement" for landlords once Work] Screening clearance reports are received.
Liaise with leasing administrators regarding renewal of lease agreements.

Draw up standard lease agreements to renew keases.

General activities and duties in the leasing office.

Utilities Manager
October 2009 to October 2012 Company Name it City , State

© Manage City utility / property rates and tax charges to residential and commercial buikdings - correct tariffs.
Eslccrremeceuii@uze iia) sprees aliegu Tasted

Lodge applications to have tariffs changed and accounts credited.

Meet with sub-meter reading companies ona monthly basis, check and update on all issues and issue new instructions.
BAC Ee seat RchC rate A hieiies icant ociulicrinm ei Cece ELlMe ic ome IR Lome Dleiice
RSrem sib at es

yA Ur AsculiLesie mca seal erin

Investigate & complete tenant queries when escalated to me.

Assist municipal Accounts Payable Department with training on capturing, processing, reconciling and payment of municipal accounts.
oe ance omtiliyua rane woe 4 ice

Temp Work.

Airco
July 2009 to August 2009 Company Name iA City , State

¢ Tempingas AR associate, processing reconciliations.
© Reconciling company accounts.

Accounts Payable AP - (Creditors) Supervisor
January 2008 to June 2009 Company Name 1 City , State
