DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Summry
Financial Statement Reporting & Analysis Budgeting & Forecasting SOX Compliance Accounts Payable/Receivabke Sales & Use Tax Retums
SEC Reporting Problem Identification & Resolution Internal & External Audit IT. Support Payroll & H/R Management Process Improvements
Data Extraction & Analysis

Shen raney

Omega, Orack, JDEdwards, MAS90, Essbase, Hyperion, Brio/BI, Quickbooks, FFIS, SAP, Microsoft (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access,
Visio), FOCUSA®, ADP (Pay eXpert, PC Payroll, Workforce Now), Monarch, Choice Buikder System and various other proprietary software
SYS

I crulavaned

Director of Finance

Ne PAN RO ROni can eQon ena NCI a LO Ses Cl

© Promoted from Controlkr to Director of Finance in January 2015 Responsible for the monthly financial statements, annual budget, tax and
reporting compliance, accounts payabk, cash applications, collections, payroll, and financial analysis for the Finn

See con nce ae Mnc ae cokactisveleala cre ereB MiEilcalbenteeecn tinue a

© Manage the external annual review/audit Create and compile a wide variety of special reports as requested by the Managing Partners and
Chief Executive Officer.

PF Acouln i canew a isn PEs
March 2009 to April2010 Company Name 1% City , State

© Merber of the Accounting and Payments Team within the Financial Management Division of Marketing & Regulatory Program Business
Services for Animal & Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS).

PE Sa tie liccs ues SOs ae ue rele nodes Oiubnicenccmrh ance emincoxeliiown@ rac art
PR cre Bub MK nem MUP Lee eas ururiE Dee uMnPNcarae uel

See eR ON LLC CM Lorene en brla one eon cen en sieceemiinelmMoniemrine Belrecarlag

functions; Agency Accounts Payable Subject Matter Expert (SME) for SAP computer conversion.

Reviewed payient processes to ensure that the correct and most efficient methods were used.

© Responsibk for administering domestic and intermational reimbursable cooperative trust fimd accounts, monitoring transactions to ensure that
the cooperator’s budgets were not exceeded, served as the point of contact for a full range of operational matters, and researched and
resolved probkms,

Leet ere luce che codtaliittucsncr i mirtasenehiCe aaron ee sible rnccwuecRy ACU bel om re itee

¢ Dramntically increased the monthly percentage reconciled from 10% to 95%,

feviicolag
January 1998 to March 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Hands-on mamger responsibk for financial reporting & analysis, SOX compliance, budgeting, quarterly forecasts, sales & use tax retums,
and montl-end close.

Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, and human resources.

Shortly affer starting in this position, discovered a design flaw in computer program.

Took initiative and created an advanced data extraction temphte to gather data and evaluate materiality.

Amended monthly sales & use tax retums for a three year period for MN and WI and recovered over $200,000.

Chosen by Corporate Controller for special project - acted as Regional Controlkr for four years.

OMe bronihaCkunmeniiib ecto monnscoranaeerlicng ek earanlsynsynamg wcitet@enie lag

o Designed new computer reporting systems to improve efficiency, accuracy and timeliness of sales & use tax reporting,

Reduced sake tax lability by more than 15%,

CP orci Long meadow om raise enameucsechcly mua ianulperas buona uence eb s(ce Beal mclelliNgey ae
variances.

o Improved month-end close processes; shortened close by 1 day.

© Consistently exceeded reporting expectations by completing month-end close by the third business day; other locations closed on the Sth
business day.

Team member for computer conversion from MAS90 to JDEdwards.

Supervise a staff of four (Billing Manager, H/R Manager, Credit Manager, Payroll Administrator).

Recognized as probkem solver ard troubk-shooter.

Sought out as first point of contact for computer & software issues.

Levit ag
January 1991 to January 1998 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Promoted from Assistant Controller to Controller in May 1993 Promoted from Controlkr to Manager of Information & Reporting Systems
in October 1996 Responsible for the consolidated financial statements & annual budgeting process for nine divisions.

© Prepared and reviewed 10Q and 10K SEC reports.

¢ Supervised a staffofseven (Accounts Payable, Human Resources, Payroll, and Accounting).

© Impknented cost tracking and scheduling system for Land Development Department.
