TECHNOLOGY PROJECT AND PRODUCT MANAGER

Professional Summary 7

Senior Project and Product Manager effective in leading and directingA new A product development A and technology refresh projects from
inception to hunch. More thanA 17 years of progressive management experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives, directing
project plans and achievingA measurable performance targets.

Core Qualifications
¢ 18+ years in project and product management .
© PMI and CMMI certified SMEMscitall Qovlccaisaotant Winalewe dapebaeecce inane
© Excellent communications skils at all evels ofan © Certified Microsoft Professional: Enterprise Project Management and
yuateicattot) SharePoint Portals
Business and strategic results-orientedA  DetailorientedA with strong analytical skills
© Collaborative leadership styleA and win-win * Process redesign and work flow planning capabilities
philosophy * Systems implementation and integration
© Project development and lifecycle experience * Vendor selection and contract management
CMO eco ns arang eine lamenar cn ocd © Risk management and mitigation expertise
¢ Best practice training and mentoring
Accomplishments

Project/Program Management: Initiated project for global hunch ofa groundbreaking cardiac treatment drug therapy which resulted in submission
of new drug applications to six countries concurrently, for the first time in the company's history.Successfilly implemented two major document
conversion impkmrntations, one for student records in an online higher education provider and the other for test applications delivered by mail for
a test delivery organization. PMO: Integrated best practice attributes from PMBOK, Unified Software Engineering, and Microsoft Framework to
create a custom solution delivery methodology which greatly enhanced the fintis ability to market professional services. Developed corporate-wide
risk assessment procedures to reduce the cost associated with unprofitable projects entering the project portfolio. Designed and impkmented

eo ances elcusiiMencacelceeokaninecocanl | Gnloudcein mine minenecccwa CS yulcuasaiiig react Tamme lrctairg
organization to achieve CMMI Level 2 certification. Practice Development and Management: Directed the project and program management
practice startup of $10 million service business. Managed a regional professional services project management practice covering a four state area,
staffof fifteen (15) project management consultants and $5 milion in annual revenue generation. Entrepreneur: Started and managed a Maryland-
based LLC to offer project management services and project management portal workspaces to local businesses.Responsible for multiple projects
Picea RW Ee a cmon Cd aisiarcen ose PORNO Pee au mean sre bee niea ties

Work Experience

Company Name February 2011 to Current Technology Project and Product Manager

COARSE

Company Name February 2010 to January 2011 Project Management Consultant (contract)

COASTAL

* Consulted with USDA staff on initiatives aimed at improving cooperation and communication between U.S. farmers and the USDA.
© Services were delivered towards standardization of project mamgement,A ekctronic calendaring A electronic bulletin boards, and
SharePoint governance.

Company Name February 2007 to January 2010 Practice Leader and Project Management Consultant
OARS

¢ Lead the development of the company's SharePointA Services PracticeA with responsibilty for $1mm in revenue generation as well
BO Wneared Waring es Cohnand

* EngagedA as Professional Project ManagerA for several clients to successfiilly implement large cross fimctional initiativesA An example
ater Wirxiiut ane came S ew iranreieatacke emitters srrene te teenb crracehtere cava
reduced student record processing time from weeks to days within the first 3 months of implerentation.

CREW GiesynceR OB Higtiner cM Reenicla am ceceltiece

Company Name Septerrber 2006 to January 2007 Intergrated Scheduling Consultant (contract)
Lean

¢ Development the integrated master schedule in support of the engineering and launch ofa new generation rocket launch vehick.
© SchedukA componentsA included, analysis, engineering design, product assembly, testing, procurement and NASA launch activities.

Company Name Septerrber 2001 to August 2006 Founder and Principal
COR CG

PES eek ingle Seg CSU ce) Msi ct an geen Lied Raed eo cl acemcaay camilocanensscerant
portalsA developed on Microsoft Project Server and SharePoint Services.
CO isnaecburue oe Aes MV aces e Quy Me ouct eco mlne RM (os7e08

Company Name Jamary 1999 to June 2001 PMO Director
COA CG

PMP renel Wieden Raton WV Oe Rr goede ebro nce cdi corer Weert!
