BATCH RECORD COORDINATOR/ DOCUMENT CONTROL
Summary

‘Throughout my work experience, I have focused on the quality aspects of business.A I aman organized and responsible: individual with good
communication skills and experience in the regulatory industry.
Accomplishments

GMP (21 GFR 111) Trainer of Production staff

Designed and impkemented systems relating to trending measures relating to production statistics.

Designed and implemented compressed air testing for production facilities.

Specimen Processing Trainer Member of the Idea Team at McKay-Dee Hospital Microsoft Office All Intemet Research 60 wpm typing
Sirois

Experience
Company Name City , State Batch Record Coordinator / Document Control 02/2015 to Current

er

I amresponsible for document contro! involving all aspect of the production batch record and master manufacturing record.

ere b ee B sla re cue moms Rectom ince Geen

Creates the Master Manufacturing Record for any new products.

This includes all specifications which are defined by the customer and regulatory agencies, ic.

IP ERC CARO OOOO MOO aCunccwcinnciclie maim oulslosmunele Omlpanlucrbemnene cB ebaicicl om By alco
any modifications necessary to existing Batch Records and ensure that changes are properly approved and documented.

MPeelcms Cua mecmaneictneke inane aonb ZAcam erin iene Moses

© Maintains other documents and fiks that relate to the production of Batch Records (Master Formula, Master Manufacturing Record,

Finished Product Testing Specifications), and ensure that any changes are properly documented (change controk).

Ra Ee emcee mCRee eo cbeetesokorbsliae) Kostucmise teh ved no biemeonsc ce Rallies ori tom
Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels within the company.

Self-starter and comfortable working in a team environment or on individual projects.

Effectively communicates with all areas of the company to maintain accurate records.

Company Name City , State Quality Assurance Specialist 09/2013 to 02/2015

I amresponsible for systems involving Quality Assurance at Albion facilities,

T oversee and improve the facility's current quality manufacturing functions.

Designed, implemented and update quality trending measures for all of Albion's facilities.

Trending measures include tracking of mterial yields as well as costs.

Measures are published company wide and I formalize a summary ofall data that is presented to the Executive staf

Designed and impkenented a testing program for testing particles, oil, water and microbial levels in the compressed air system according to
ISO 8573.

© Currently ina Metrology training program.

Ce ee er

Upon compketion, I will design and implement a program for the inspection, calibration and tracking for all instruments and tools relating to
production according to ISO 17025.

Formal NSF / GMP training and have trained employees to the GMP and ISO 9001:2008 standards.

Member of the Material Review Board.

The Board reviews and determines the direction of product disposition and of project planning,

Direct the inspection of products to ensure adherence to established standards of quality.

Prepare, review and organize quality assurance data and documentation.

AN VCO AU ALON Onn e ni Resa rlinegeeeuincce nes aliNANe Eat urat ese

Inspect and audit facility daily.

Formal reviews are published and reviewed with the Production stafE

Write, revise and review master manufacturing records (MMR) and quality control docurrents to include all batch records pertaining to the
Uincvalome cea bege ena crae

¢ Review all batch records for the adherence to the Quality HACCP Plan.

Provided direct involvement with the design and implementation of new procedures relating to in-house projects to firther develop and
improve manufacturing systems and processes according to GMP (21 CFR 111) and ISO standards.

Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels within the company.

Self-starter and comfortable working in a team environment or on individual projects.

Supervisor: Kory Longhurst (801-725-7348) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes.

Company Name City , State Specimen Processor 06/2010 to 09/2013

tuliel ce sue cloameredi ane Lame Aeon nom nigucaneg le Relea tied counea Oey sce eaCe A PACU

Trained and mentored new employees.

ese oeSle) om CE oat ie lene ORO aso ec Noman lnembalnneesuouermace eina kerri nis racgevucce tiie
Recognize factors that may affect testing outcomes, I take appropriate action to solve probkirs, and consistently documents solutions
according to established protocok.
