BEHAVIORAL INTERVENTIONIST
Summary

Personable education professional driven to inspire students to achieve personal and academic success.

Highlights
schivor anes
OU INANE O ABO CE SC ecienicnarle cao Renu cans

Demonstrate knowledge of growth & development as it relates to pediatric and adokscent populations.

Establish a positive rapport with clients to help resolve social, personal, and academic issues.

Utilize therapeutic listening skills in all client contacts to assist client in developing coping skills and positive behaviors.
Participate in treatment team planning meeting and/or family counseling sessions as requested.

Initiate monthly therapist contacts.

95% Compliance with agency policies and procedures,

Identify commumity resources to aid in client's treatment goals and aftercare.

Company Name City , State Recruiter 01/2008 to Current

Instituted an action phn to recruit new students using imovative methods to the College such as: Forensic Botany Day, Summer Agri-
Science Institute, collaborating with departments across campus (i.e.

undecided majors), meet with targeted prospects to buikd mutually beneficial partnerships to foster increase in enrollment, developed
website presence (recruitment/marketing of academic programs) and by showcasing the College of Agriculture and Related Sciences via
student-oriented media (ic.

Facebook, Twitter).

roa Dy

Meredith * Ph: 302) 241-7315 * ameredith@desu.edu Advise students utilizing appreciative advising model to effectively advise on
university policy and procedures regarding: academic scheduling, career development, internships, co-curricular experiences and research
OMe LeR Ke nUneMaCcnueinarucibackon dean aee

Collaborate with faculty/stakehokders in enhancing professional development opportunities for students.

The Secretary's Scholars Program MonSanto Agriculture Future of America (AFA) USDA-Animal, and Plant Health Inspection Services
(APHIS) Mountaire Farms Delaware Departirent of Transportation (DeIDOT) Coaclyimentor for Delaware State University's College
Survey Inventory (CSI)/Retention Management System to proactively retain at-risk students.

Review/discuss personal survey inventory with student to discuss transition into higher education.

Ifneeded, refer and follow-up with student to proper student support services to retain, engage, and help ensure completion of academic
uci

Partnered with the Delaware State University Agriculture Education Program Leader to write a grant to find the Summer Agri-Science
Institute at Delaware State University's campus for sophomore and junior high school students to work with researchers and develop group
research projects, with the goal of positive agriculture related engagement students are more likely to major in an ag-related area upon
attending college at DSU.

Funded by USDA-CSREES for $46,950).

Proficient in: SAS/SPSS statistical applications, Windows XP, MS Office, Adobe In-design 6, Banner Web & Baseline (Curriculum
Advising and Program Planning, Early Alert System) and Drupal Content Management System (content manager for the College of
Agriculture & Related Sciences; editing/creating information for university website).

Increased student enrollment by 4% on average per year in the area of Agriculture & Natural Resources within the College of Agriculture &
elated Keo acon

Developed and implemented the College of Agriculture & Related Sciences! Student Ambassador Program to assist in recruitment
Orc MAINO RTILC Crm secs esi eeaue este Ute

Conducted outreach activities geared towards agriculture education for Capital School District.

Recognized by the City of Dover and Capital School District as a ‘Commumity Partner of the Year."

Company Name City , State Advisor 01/2008 to 01/2011

Developed relationships with outside organizations that have a vested interest in MANRRS to garner sponsorship for the chapter's
operational budget.

Developed professional development series workshops for Delaware State University students.

Mentored students in the areas off academia, importance of outreach activities, professional development, and graduate school.

Played an instrumental role in ensuring members represent DSU ina positive manner when competing regionally and nationally.

Placed first in the Undergraduate Poster Research competition at the 2010 MANRRS' 25th Amual Career and Training Conference in
Orlando, Florida.

Company Name City , State Teacher/Coordinator 01/2008 to 07/2008

Worked closely with administration, guidance office, parents and students to ensure efficient placement into the daylight/twilight program
Adninistrator for the Novel Stars Software System for the Lake Forest School District.
Taught 75 students on a myriad ofhigh school subjects (Mathematics, Health, English, Science, Social Studies, etc) through computer-
