GIS COORDINATOR
Summary

Diligent hands-on leader, excellent at working with tight deadlines in pressurized work enviroments. Broad experience in government agencies
domestically and abroad while drawing on concurring academia and research roks.

Accomplishments
Project Cooperation

© Worked directly with USAid, and two universities to fulfill individual Master's degree requirements as well as mach larger scope project
(hejteuhsecm

Communication

© Modified technical agricultural data from field, to the the scientific community in the form of published papers, illustrated for seminars given
to the public, before hstly translated into Swahili for local farmers.

schivor anes
OO ANE O hao CRO hEGuocim Om BR OLeteant

© Used company public utility status to install small cell antennas for telecommunication carriers into the public right-of way as new poles or
attachments to existing light poles.

Tested spatial data for quality and created reports on those audits after Importing, integrating, updating and validating data from multiple
Rell sncce

¢ Developed system documentation and user manuals on GIS best practices and fimctionality for a new employee onboarding packages.

© Independently compkted ad hoc requests including map generation, spatial analysis, and web publishing of mp applications.

Company Name City , State Research Associate 06/2012 to 08/2013

* Coordinated with professors and staffat Sokoine University of Agriculture in Morogoro, Tanzania during sumer session.
¢ Conducted soil science hboratory analysis of soil alongside Tanzanian technicians and students for the growing seasons..

Company Name City , State Graduate Teaching Assistant 08/2012 to 05/2013

© Taught lectures and weekly boratory exercises to seventy-five undergraduate students.
* Assisted generation of lecture notes and laboratory tutorial materials using ArcGIS and QGIS.
© Coordinated and supervised three graduate teaching assistants.

Company Name City , State Biology Intem 03/2013 to 05/2013

© Cleared ten acres of invasive plant species using manual removal with herbicide.

© Maintained trails at four locations in southem Ohio and monitored water quality in strearrs, vernal pools, and river systens.
* Completed frog and bird surveys to monitor wikllife populations.

© Injected ash trees located within the park, tagged and recorded all injected trees using ArcGIS.

Company Name City , State Seasonal Forestry Worker 04/2012 to 08/2012

© Reduced threat or dannge from Emerald Ash Borer through preventative injections using Arborjet treatments and applied growth inhibitor
to trees under utility lines.

© Planted 380 container trees and monitored growth and health.

© Pruned 4,000 large trees using pole saws, power pole saws, shears and hand saws.

© Removed 400 trees and ground 800 stumps using heavy machinery.

Company Name City , State Research Assistant 01/2011 to 12/2012

© Collected soil samples in no-till, conservation till, and conventional till plots.
© Evaluated carbon and nitrogen levels in diluted runoff samples.
© Determined soil quality, plant available water, and bulk density of cores.

Company Name City , State Trail Logistics Intern 06/2011 to 08/2011

© Reported backcountry trail hours worked and miles accomplished.

* Colkborated with California Conservation Corps participants and managerrent to achieve mission objectives including: trail clearing, safety
demonstrations, social skills training, public affairs, and logistical support.

© Aided the backcountry packer with long-distance supply organization travelling over 400 miks on horseback and a string of four mules.
