DETECTIVE
Summary

Law Enforcement professional with 24 years experience investigatinginsurance fraud, to include, health care providenbilling fraud, disability,

workers’ compensation and premium fraud, property & casualty fraud and staged automobik collisions. Knowledgeable in related crimes such as
tax evasion, grand theft, identity theff, nnil fraud, arson, and Medi-CaVMedicare fraud. Intricately connected to the insurance industry and allied
law enforcement agencies in the pursuit to combat fraud.

Highlights
© Detective assigned to Health
care/disability Fraud Program
© Member of the San Diego Medical
Fraud Task Force Presenter for the CA District Attomey’s Association, the Northem Califomia Fraud
© Public speaking/outreach to Investigators Association and the Southem California Fraud Investigators Association
insurance industry and hw CRS crtlcenore matics
enforcement © Team Leader/On Site Supervisor when executing Search and Arrest warrants
« Awarded officer of the year 2011
by my peers
© 100% conviction rate

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Detective 06/1995 to Current

Assigned to CDI's health care and disability fraud program since October 2010. Obtained a conviction in the largest disability and Jong term care
fraud case in the history of San Diego County. Investigate diverse and complex cases involving both single and multiple suspects. Work cases
independently with little to no supervision. Extensive networking with allied law enforcement agencies, NICB, as well as, with special investigative
units and chins nnnagers of several insurance companies. Generate FD-I's ftom consuner comphints and competently evaluate the evidentiary
irerit and strength of each referral. Able to identify "red flags” and create appropriate case investigative plans. Write, obtain judicial approval for,
and execute search and arrest warrants. Serve as both team leader and on-site supervisor when executing same. Gather and analyze evidence such
as billng and medical records, claims records, payroll and personnel records, insurance policies, police reports and photographs, and consider
appropriate criminal statutes for the case. Conduct interviews, interrogations and obtain confessions. Conduct skip tracing and locate witnesses
using databases and field work. Maintain an excellent working relationship with the San Diego District Attomey's Office. Served as the first CDI
detective assigned to the DA Premium Fraud task force and hater assigned to the new Urban Grant task force. Testify in court, including grand jury
cases and have testified as an expert witness on premium fraud. Conduct surveillance; both stationary and mobile. Firearms instructor for six years.
Serve as field training officer and mentor to peers.

Company Name City , State Senior Special Investigator 09/1990 to 06/1995

Investigated complex cases involving crimes of employer tax evasion, disability fraud, unemployment fraud, check forgery and related crimes.
Wrote and served search warrants, conducted interviews/interrogations, submitted cases for successful criminal prosecution, testified in court,
mmde arrests, was a defensive tactics instructor. Later assigned to the Professional Standards Unit and conducted background investigations on
peace officer candidates, investigated crimes of embezzerent, forgery, sexual harassment, employee misconduct and threats to department

employees,

(Oo ANE PLO Am once lB nccuea emia erie Rtg ost

Investigated violations of the Penal Code and Business and Professions Code, issued citations, conducted undercover operations, gathered
evidence, submitted cases for successful criminal complaints, testified in court.

Proficiencies

Writing FD-1's from consumer complaints

Identifying "red flags” and evaluating fraud referrals
Outreach, consumer and industry training

Conduct interviews and interrogations

Microsoft Office suite

Use of database searches/methodologies

Skip tracing and witness locating

Obtaining judicial approval for Search and Arrest warrants
ecole UE Lem aletM CUTIE)

Testify m court, to include, grand jury. Testified as expert witness
Surveillance (stationary and mobile)

DOC eiiccsiis

Sirurcar mele ee necitelty
