WATER RESOURCES SPECIALIST II

Summary

Well organized Water Resources Specialist II offering four and a half years of experience inA penmit writing, land use planning,A and development
review.A Serves asA Natural Resources Department lead to assist Lummi Planning and Public Works in obtaining and complying with federal
pennits for all ange development projects on the Lummi Indian Reservation.A Experienced in multipkeA project management, including
coordination with contractors, consultants, project managers, project engineers, and agency representatives. Assists conmumity members and
applicants in understanding Tribal Codes of Laws and development requirements, including docurrentationA and issuance of stop work orders for
land use and permit violations.A Conducts site visits and performs assisted wetland delineations in support of development proposals and permit
review.

Perentens

. 5 . , CRS) cceBibrelcusriiiiiucienmincuni aus nug
© Use of Microsoft Access for permit tracking and documentation HU enna

* Ability to use geographical positioning systems (GPS) in support of Aa ene ate eens ere eet ten

bias investigations ; professionals on projects
* Use of Geographic Information Systems (GIS) to document and ® Ability to interact and communicate effectively with the
lesan abating paved

© Knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint presentation software Aa erence

Accomplishments

Permit writer and storm waterA compliance officerA for a busy natural resources department, consulting on andA developing 100 permits per year
while supervising a water quality monitoring program and managingA 7-10 storm water projects.

schivor anes

Water Resources Specialist II

January 2012 to Current Company Nam - City , State

* Review, conduct site visits,A consult, develop permit conditions, and maintain recordsA for all Land Use Applications received by the
Lummi Planning and Public Works Department.A Includes coordination and support of the wetland inventory update program and
evaluation of development proposals for impacts to wetlands and other sensitive natural resources.

EnsureA all federally permitted development projects comply with permt conditions.AIncludesA Storm Water Pollution Plan review and
approval, attendance of regular project meetings, coordination with contractors, project managers, project engineers, other agencies, and
US eos aor nce Rien C LO

ST eau) ofA surface, marineA and ground water monitoring program and associated Water Resources Specialist.A Development
ofA project capacity with changing program goals and needs of the department and commaumity.A Includes support of field work and
operation ofa boat for water quality samples collected at marine sample sites.

Demonstrated ability to write reports that accurately reflect field conditions and have proven to organize time effectively and meet task
(leeds RE UrcvmtisltLa

Water Resources Technician III
on MAU ROR n PAPA Gen sclivaN ct ce Or mss

© Coordinated and implemented the surface, marine and groundwater quality monitoring program for the Reservation.
© Conducted data entry and quality assurance and quality control to ensure collection of high quality usable data.

* Assisted database programmer with database development for permit and water quality programs.

© Maintained samplng equipment, ordered supplies and communicated with vendors.

North Puget Sound Gypsy Moth Supervisor
May 2005 to November 2006 Company Name - City , State

* Advertised, recruited, hired, trained and supervised sixA technicians as trappers for the Washington State Gypsy Moth ProgramA
© Conducted meetings and attended meetings at the State office in Olympia.

* Performed planning and quality assurance/quality control activities requiring long hours and travel A.

® Provided coaching and mentoring of technicians as needed.

Architectural Control Assistant
March 2006 to June 2006 Company Name - City , State

Performed buikting plan submittal, review, and record keeping. A

Served community members with questions on permit applications.

Assisted with preparing agendas for meetings, conducting meetingsA and documenting meeting minutes.A
Coordimated and assisted with the Tree Subcommittee site visits.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Environmental Science and Geology , 2004 Westem Washington University - City , State Conducted field studies to
Ce Gleg tna UO RL CULE enti Ali OMe L EI LEE: het MUL siete coc Lue Coe LiL}
Environmental Impact Statement.A Prepared chssroomA presentations.
