COMMITTEE MEMBER
Executive Profile

Result driven professional with experience in working with local and state government agencies. Organized and skilled in financial management,
CIO amas Lemeollsiccol Lom cen MeNinesrocet leur aN HUA ORs OnecenoniNa gy eonsib ocean mill
sector, ordinances, ruks, and laws. Exemplary ability to lead teams in cultivating a productive work atmosphere, resource management, and
mmeeting externaVintemal deadlines. Ambitious professional offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team management
skill. High-energy, results-oriented leader with an team player work ethic.

OTe rene

¢ Customer Relations ¢ Project Management

Ce ere one exe tbe) © Strategic Phnning

© Leadership/communication skils  ¢ Contract Negotiations

¢ Public Relations ¢ Performance Analysis
[Ov ew coon yn eenny

Project Management: A

© Initiated the Brothers' Keeper Program which resulted ina multi-year private and government grant finding.
Human Resources: A

© Spearheaded new recruitment and training program which increased retention of employees.
Staff Development: A

© Launched welt-received program of professional development courses for all staff in conjunction with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
Municipal Police Officers’ Trainng Commission.

Professional Experience

Company Name January 2016 to Current Committee Member
(OEIC

© Works to facilitate citizen participation in the planning and implementation of the Durham Community Development Block Grant Program
(CDBG).

¢ Ensures that decent affordable housing an d city services are provided to most vulnerable communities.

© Collaborate with local, state, and federal officials to create jobs through the expansion and retention of businesses in Durham.

OO INA er MU bEOLArncne@oneders Celica
LO STFC

¢ Supervise inmates in the close custody (death row, lock down, and mental health) housing units, and those segregated for administrative or
punitive measures; instruct inmates in housekeeping and sanitation; supervise the issuance of clothing and other personal effécts to mates.

© Oversee periodic patrols of quarters and work areas and initiate counts of inmates at regular and irregular intervals.

¢ Maintain control and discipline including use of physical restraint and restraining devices; prevent the introduction of contraband into the
institution/umit.

Company Name October 2009 to April 2013 Sr. Police Officer/Field Training Officer (FTO)
Or aS

CRP CSHi es Sie ees a Ceme noe Ome icc tae mblpes carat ie Lwelecaracke aires hanes

¢ Administered and compkted performance evaluations; reviewed officers reports and daily activity logs for accuracy, completeness and
fGen gaan cn

 Patrolled assigned areas on foot and/or by motor vehick to control traffic, prevent and/or deter crime and to arrest violators.

¢ Issued wamings and/or citations to motor vehicle operators when violations of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Motor Vehicle Laws
were observed.

Company Name March 2007 to July 2011 Program Coordinator/Case Manager
Or ARNG

¢ Maintained confidentiality in compliance with HIPPA laws, while organizing case records and providing assistance to clients with
appropriate docurrentation; worked closely with local and state social services agencies,
© Assessed the fimctional, social, psychological, environmental, and financial needs ofall clients.
