EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

INTO STS aah coe Monora Ronee d ramiccnengonsarenscrie Pe Rillinerece oe) crete] pS NY to meet tight
deadlines. Enthusiastic team player with a strong work ethic and advanced complex problem solving skils. IM yeas oscce Wa cCne ten

WW itisynar umm ol elie Darnell cpr auc NaN] Perle pes eb ae co ecu ems U MLE acc EOL Ry
Brees Ngtrsteg pene Pan ee Sone eam raise Eee cate tinienie Scorsese kd sion CS sccne rac
or exceeds both short and long term corporate goals for growth. A Proven kader in conference and meeting management including all aspects
from meeting space and hotel negotiations, to speaker travel and networking, to attendee registration. Successful track record as a grant writer for

Fie caceOmrera siemens bee
Sag
¢ Effective kader PE Gercrne Ques
Cisse cages ¢ Print advertising
Cie vielcasisseancig © Public relations
¢ Experienced in kgishtive processes CRS oreo s Keavence ey starntiacg
© Customer service-oriented ¢ Accomplished manager
© Exceptional interpersonal commumication © Public speaking talent
© Budget development * Nor-profit management
Cir tccetiuaeae ici CG iresrocniatens
CMe Coca ariletcinecce esting Ro outs MR Coco lange) anomie keee clea (e)g
CRN neta on) Ce eat crnemee ce!
© Effective commumication © Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge
© Stafftraning/developrent © Conference plaming
© Executive presentation development © Project planning
Work History

Executive Director , 07/2012 to 02/2015
(Ooi ta Niner ont Oh Nam EI CG

PERO clethray ean rsiesiceincocn eile Mani nranmieurronea ance rele inee eed) a neeai ye me) @r it

Exceeded company objectives in selling exhibitor booths and in attendance at the annual convention. A Exhibitor booths increased from
2% 8% yearly through the drought years of 2006-2008 and similarly in economic downtum for horticulture in 2009-2012 while other
precast dhe netne keen idcarnecRonwasaeeceReculinecmeslceli ny ecm

Prepared in-house databases to process conference and training session registration and annual conference registration. A Largest number
of attendees was 3,199 for annual conference; however, most annual conferences served 2,200 attendees.

Managed projects for 36 volnteer Board of Director members, 6 committees and 5 regional chapters.

Prepared and distributed payroll for staff of three A direct reports.

OO elccmMUrnceoennenm oma cosicelbvclMor anes

Urge Rnealice nntce eu eae Ace ibe Om CTiA

OMe gaireRuar rere Cater kMaliincd Cort oncacce

Wane e Mrs ninecamere Coos kOmcsieciearorcrucnce neni mere rened aetlineeremat ie
details and registration processes.

Negotiated prices and tens of sakes for all meeting space, food and beverage purchases and hotel contracts.

Launched new website in October 2014 to enhance on-line presence of Association.

Networked and interacted with other professionals through the Nursery and Landscape Association Executives of North Amrrica to
Obie cebnelciN zee Lalo im

Prepared income statements and balance sheets and projected cash flow.

Managed business finances, including paying vendors and suppliers for products services rendered.

Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts.

Represented the organization to custorrers, the public, government officials and other extemal sources.

Developed legishtive policy with Director of Public Affairs and managed implementation of policy.

Wrote and edited articles, web content, advertising copy, periodicals and publications for intemal and external audiences.

Wrote press materials and made presentations to media representatives.

Attended 3-5 external trade shows each year to preserve company relations with distributors, customers and media personnel.

Planned and organized seminars, meetings and annual planning retreats.

Created messages, position statements and other corporate communications based on company's objectives.

eBid cl eo teu ORL ace Coeur IE RL RO CBS Lce Bones ee ea UE anny

A Successful in adding over $250,000 in grant revenues for the Association.

ee ee ee ee ee)

President, Owner , 06/1998 to 07/2012

POon sata NH linee: cae Ohm

Provided Association Management, meeting planning, conference planning and in-house registration processes for various associations including
Nee PaCconab ke eonee url eM Cease hee ne iciamaccuasLeem ec u4) Pc Foes ene Coes) Pt tucks Foundation
Trust, Georgia Vegetation Management Association as well as providing only registration services to several other organizations. A Responsible
for all aspects of Association Management including staffing, budgets, AP/AR, public relations and public affairs, to include lobbying at both the

State and national evel.
