RY NB DCW W018) F.4 UC)

Professional Summary

Creative problem sober offers exceptional analytical, communication and interpersonal skills; extensive Mental Health and I/DD experience;
mmnagement/supervisory skills and a commitment to proficiency and effectiveness for a progressive, quality-driven organization. HIV
Director/Case Manager- 3years (B.R.O.N. CDC) Person Centered Thinking Train-the-Trainer Qualified Professional Experience/ 20 years-
(CAP-MR/DD; MH/SA; ICF/MR) CPR-First Aid/Bloodbome - Certified Customer Service experience over 20 years Church Office Manager
3+ years Notary Public Teacher/Lecturer Develop policy and procedures manual for other agencies Music Director 6+ years

Skills
; © Customer relations
Se cosa tal © Quality control
’ aaa aes CMe Cacendbrastarrent
te bt © Customer-oriented
COC bi Cetera aoc 0. a Fete ernees cin
. ea improvement See ontey en ii cog
CAS i
Fcc ee eee
CEU a7 ¢ Microsoft Office Suite expert
Work History
Saks Associate 04/2013 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Greeted customers ina timely fashion while quickly determining their needs.

I ceeliitrertacbiereianelccm Oka oenmecc ke tami aeictlnegcanicn ae

Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
Responded to customer questions and requests ina prompt and efficient manner.

Contacted other store locations to determine merchandise availability.

Sree Reo eEb PE aeenBineneerisinan

Completed all cleaning, stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales area.

Built relationships with customers to increase likelihood of repeat business.

Contributed to team success by exceeding team sales goals by [number] %.

Contributed to team success by exceeding team sales goals by [number] %.

Utilization Managerrent Specialist 12/2012 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Collected and analyzed data on the effectiveness of programs and projects.

Developed and streamlined systems for monitoring and tracking program effectiveness.
Documented and investigated comphints and potentially fraudulent chins.

Poa elmer SCOR CRM inal am inuicteareaitHalecce herein cctiaatatm
Attended monthly staff training sessions.

Case Manager 10/2012 to 11/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Developed treatments and casework programs for an average of | eas patients cach month.
Supplied crisis intervention and substance abuse services to patients in the community.

Interviewed and evaluated clients, including conducting safety and risk assessments.

cer es kel ance nied Rae eect nas coe

Offered therapeutic services and crises intervention to emotionally disturbed chikdren and adolescents.
Created strategies to meet the needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

Attended monthly staff training sessions.

Documented and investigated comphints and potentially fraudulent chins.

Qualified Professional (QMRP) 11/2011 to 12/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Created strategies to meet the needs of mentally and physically disabled students.

Attended monthly staff training sessions.

Developed treatments and casework programs for an average of [Number] patients each month.
Interviewed and evaluated clients, including conducting safety and risk assessments.

Maintained regular contact with clients, including visiting clients’ homes.

Investigated suspected cases of chikd abuse, neglect and exploitation.

Trained in working with patients with Asperger’s Syndrome and high fimctioning Autism.
Supported patients and families in coping with problers resulting from severe illness.
