STO em a.Up Ea
Professional Summary

A Compassiomate Security Aide that has strong experience working with developrrentally disabled adults and creating individualized recreational
phans to assist them with community integration.

Skills
© Strong verbal communication
¢ Data management
Cas ocnareaimeeeiiicel &€¢ Huge experience with therapeutic recreational services, activities and programs
© Project managenent 4€¢ Outstanding knowledge of psychiatric patient care techniques
© Client assessment and analysis &€¢ Thorough knowledge of working in acute care, assisted living and other healthcare setting
© Powerful negotiator Fig A@uecmrrcanieinelnae el vod weeainege uae)
CMa larretcrice &€¢ Familiarity with recreational therapy and therapeutic recreation programms.
CMniguatseieng See Ui evanedsl lina eneabe eemiouceslueesl Minar oss
© Conflict resolution &€¢ Ability to design, implement, and coordinate therapeutic programming
© Team kadership 4€¢ Immense ability to buidd positive working relations with patients and colleagues
¢ Risk management processes and analysis 4€¢ Remarkabk ability to provide therapies independently or in groups
© Process implementation

Work History

Security Aide I, 2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies.
Performed initial client assessment and analysis to begin research process.

Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing.

AN hacer ttinca aver cirar ate atrial cLen cna Oe se cca

Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improverrents.
Responsible for creative design for prominent project.

Supported Chief Operating Officer with daily operational finctions.

Student Worker , 01/2016 to 01/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Complete clerical and data entry tasks, interoffice mail and file important docurents.

© Support and provide coverage of the administrative desk; Adhere to the code of confidentiality in certain cases where discretion is
required;.

* Record odometer reading and maintenance support provided to University’s vehicles and driver assistance during event fimetions when
additional support as needed.

Resident Advisor , 08/2015 to 01/2017

© Provide guidance, social support and security within Residential Life community, and foster an environment that allows 40 students to meet
their academic goals.

* Increase students’ knowledge of policies and procedures of Residential Life and increase students involvement in University, Residential Life
committees and activities/events.

© Managing and documenting policy violations; Reporting maintenance and facility concerns and conducting Health and Safety Inspections
Other duties as assigned by Residence Director.

Student Worker , 08/2014 to 01/2016
Company Name

© Created biochar Pyrolysis, the process of creating a fine-grained highly porous charcoal that helps soils retain nutrients and water.
© Entered biochar data into excel spread sheet.
© Helped make chemical for research and maintained cleanliness of chemical laboratory equipment.

alg

Academic, administrative, clerical, Coaching, CPR, data entry, hboratory equipment management skilk, excel, reading, Rehabilitation, Reporting,
research, Safety, sound, spread sheet.

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Science : Wellness-Kinesiology , 05/2017
Biveo sR On nants em Os hme

Wellness-Kinesiology
