ADULT EDUCATION TEACHER
Accomplishments

© Cal Poly Pomona Pomona, CA, USA Community Involverrent Been a leader with High Desert Challengers 4Hfor the last 12 years.
© Have been involved with helping the kids raise animals to learning how to sew for the San Bermardino County Fair.
* Project Development

Collaborated with team of Educators in the development of the Adult Education Project here at Colton Joint Unified School District.
© Supervision

Supervised team of three staff members. A Credit Recovery Coordinator CHS

Professional Summary

Seasoned Agriculture Teacher with more than 20 years of experience in this world of education. Excellent teaching and keadership skills. Track
record of achieving exceptional results in not only FFA programs but also Credit Recovery Programs at my current high school and program
improvement in numbers at not only Covina High School but also Bloomington High School. I was able to double my nurbers at both programs in
two years and continue to grow the programs while I was there. Core Qualifications Excellent classroom management Innovative lesson planning
Experience working special needs students, as I feel Positive atmosphere promotion. Ag and special needs go hand and hand. Write grant
proposals to procure extemal research Effectively work with parents fimding. Motivating students Advise students on academic and vocational
curricula and on career issues. Achievements Material Development Created college prep kessons targeting college boundProcess Improvement
Developed new courses that resulted in program growthPlan Developrrent to create an engaging educational experience.

Exceptional teacher talented at working with students in achieving their goals, while maintaining an orderly classroom and getting students to feel
comfortable working well with others and on computers. Technically-savvy with outstanding relationship building, training and presentation skils.

Skills

Data management

Ryo S ie eltctice

Project management
NTioemto ikea rnnitedte et)
Extremely organized

Staff development

© Process implementation
© Powerfil negotiator
* Team leadership

Work History
Adult Education Teacher , 08/2016 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Timpkment and started the Adult Ed Program for the district, Continue to work the students to help them achieve their goals of obtaining their
Cob a)erinaty

Agriculture/Credit Recovery Teacher , 08/2000 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided students with
opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.

Goal Setting Established clear objectives for all essons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading
rubric and overall chss expectations.

© Parent Communication Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas.

Student-Centered Curriculum Planning Developed mid-semester evaluation for students to give feedback about current curriculum and
suggest alternative course materials and subjects for remainder of year.

Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

Developed and implemented interesting and interactive keaming mediuns to increase student understanding of course materials.
Routinely met with students’ parents regarding in-class issues and learning interruptions to discuss solutions.

Received high remarks for the creativity of classroom lesson plans and instructional techniques from students, parents and faculty.
Created and enforced child-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive learning,

Sie elarpanceimins(angeico ined pesicmecorertiecte aceon eicmeteec vases

Combined discipline pln with effective measures and various lesson plans to increase concentration, participation, and progress student
Blea UL TS

Agriculture Teacher , 08/1995 to 08/2000
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

* Developed and implemented interesting and interactive keaming mediuns to increase student understanding of course materials.

¢ Routinely met with students’ parents regarding in-class issues and learning interruptions to discuss solutions. Implemented student discipline
measures, decreasing classroom disruptions by 80%.

Education
