EXTENSION METHODOLOGIST

Profile

Self motivated, honest, competent, imovative and easily adapt to new ideas. The knowledge and experience I have evidently accumulated through
my academics at various kvels of my University education and practical arenas have made me a versatik, quickly trainable, innovative and result
oriented person capable of working under minimum supervision but yielding good results. I can work with different groups of peopk of different
back grounds but giving excellent results.

Shannan

¢ Having worked on various researches, I have the knowledge and skills
Well acquainted with Microsoft word, Excel and PowerPoint required in conducting researches. This includes skills in designing data
together with other Intemet and computer basics. I have Pe bine rec omed a Wuneinl chit beacyca ceo «PORNO ler Zale
knowledge of analyzing data using statistical package for social such data leading the interpretation of the findings
scientists (SPSS) software. Ce Blob niro cal ansinei annie alc)
Experience
03/2013

Company Name 1% City , State Extension Methodologist

¢ working for the government of the republic of Zambia (GRZ) in the ministry of Agriculture and livestock as an extension methodologist. The
eS LOR La eS decom Omar umoxekeen elm siciseeurenliicm neue anes econtnian td
Agriculture at district evel. As extension methodologist I am involved in Iinking the governments extension officers to various
stakehokers/organizations involved in Agriculture extension as a way of improving agricultural extension service provision in the district.
Ordos ULC OHNaen ere RAcia tem omlndeg miMarerncliceucacelted peur Poors iti cones)
conducted ina quest to improve service delivery to the fanmers.

ST AO LCee ine esc es cate Rnamedica ce tulrdteliicmn ez atu gue aera ence Cell
of improving the lives of the peop. As an extension methodologist, I have participated actively in impkmmenting agricultural projects run by
some NGO's through the ministry of Agriculture e. g. Harvest plus in promoting vitamin A-rich orange maize in eastern province.

112012 - 012013
Company Name 1% City , State Research Assistant

worked as research assistant at plan Zambia on staff work-force plan research. The scope of work that was conducted has now assisted the
Cynic bo bUn conver endl nid Les RECA od Comes ni Heh ceoicorn melanie) ang LR Lesmopreccstrety
assistant, experience in handling of some statistical packages like SPSS was amassed

06/2012 - 11/2013
Company Name i‘ City , State Policy and Research Analyst (intem)

worked as an inter at agricultural consullative forum (ACF) under research and policy section. Working under this section, I was exposed to
different agricultural organization and this created so much diverse views about Zambia's agricultural sector. With ACF I participated in analysis
and evaluation of various agricultural policies in line with how they affect Zambian agricultural sector. This includes the manner in which farming
input distribution is handed and how it can be made efficient, an activity which Ied to development of eectronic voucher system of distributing
farming inputs to the peasant farmers which is yet to be implemented by the Zambian goverment. The production of policy briefs had a significant
impact in building my strong analytical skills which are always desirable by any institution as it eads to efficiency in operations.

01/2012 - 02/2013
Company Name i City , State Research Assistant

Worked as an enumerator in the conservation farming phase 2 research survey organized by the conservation fanming unity (CFU) in conjunction
with the independent management consultancy services (IMCS) during the monitoring of the progress and impact of conservation farming in
Zambia. In these surveys, I perfected my skills in conservation farming as I practically evaluated the skills of the local farmers in conservation
farming, The interaction with rural small scale faners helped in building my strong understanding of the challenges that are hindering our small scale
srueshenbeaced vam eorecrateem

07/2010 - 04/2011
Company Name 1% City , State Principal Investigator

Participated in the evaluation ofacidulated rock phosphate as a source of phosphorous in broikr rations under the supervision of Dr. Daura at the
PiMosieu eel em On ecmlncsreuciuta acc Romichashr dam ecb orice a nreooiacHnekenn miecRuinecetins(ag
conmrercial feed. Both the ones under commercial feed and those under rock phosphate their body weight gains and carcases were analyzed and
compared slatistically

Education
vue
The Universty of Zambia i City , State , Zambia Bachelor's degree : Agriculture

ee ras
