TELEPHONE INTERVIEWER
BS
ey uincmnN coronene er A Romenarcmi Malden custom sca sulin brant al acral we Sramsenccears ona mscay a
experience and ability to respond to the end-user ina business professional manner. I am highly efléctive in using technical domain knowledge.
Self-starter committed to taking ownership and capable of completing assigned projects independently and ina team environment.
Shannan
CRB DAnB Da
Palos
slong
aye
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Outlook
Office Equipment
PACS a Rac)
(eeu ET
FXweo Hcy Nl ene Bcceeiilo)
letnum anne
Inbound ard outbound calls
er BW \ OL ON)
Microsoft Word
1

ee ee ee 2

Experience
04/2013 - Current
Company Name Telephone Interviewer

The National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) is the statistical and data collection arm of the U.S.

Doelcnnunme waNue anid (OK) B/.0m

More than 300 official reports issued by NASS help maintain an orderly association among the output, supply and marketing sectors in
Byun aniitive

Meera COLOLe Caco ROM RN CR Gle Cuan avin Roar es

Telephones respondents and exphins the purpose of survey or census to gain cooperation.

Obtains and records data ona survey instrument.

Reviews information for completeness, edits and assist in the clerical processing of the collected informtion.

Migrated thousands documents into ECM (Enterprise Content Management System) in an effort to sunset legacy Intranet Server into a
SharePoint environment.

This included reviewing & categorizing cach docurrent, applying metadata, and then, publishing the docurrent for intemal agency viewing,
What is a SharePoint site.

A SharePoint site is a Web site that provides a central storage and collaboration space for docurrents, information, and ideas.

BS ees Cee Beeb omee voc odg re Gulune eh Coben ee mani cclice ecb Om cus onal aiy
A SharePoint site helps groups of people (whether work teams or social groups) share information and work together.

For exampk, a SharePoint site can help you: Coordinate projects, calendars, and schedules.

Dyce cen eA AN ACCLeT IT ON CK Om Ce) Tec) oe

Share information and keep in touch with other peopk.

05/2011 - 12/2012
Customer Service Representative

© Credit Control, LLC provides custom, performnce-driven receivables management services to over 450 clients.

¢ Handkd customer questions, comphints, and billing inquiries.

¢ Skilled in resolving customer issues with one call resolution, Proactively offered alternative solutions where appropriate with the objective of
Renee OSE e Cues eecticlicvaterpesrredtmulbeanciomodrargesonerienllrerekenn sem anti)
Reo eRe edbenhancumianaa ceca eres culmlous mun eminem achat @nueace toe

10/2010 - 05/2011
Company Name Saks Executive

is one of the work's leading media and entertainment companies.

It serves 150 cities through 850 owned radio stations in the ULS., as wellas more than 140 stations in globally.

Securely acquired potential client information to establish new internet service.

Monitored and reported on saks activities and followed up for management Advised customers on forthcoming product, developments and
eietcecRserees] pLeLeU etc

Reviewed own saks performance, aimed to meet or exceed targets, plan and carry out all sakes activities on assigned accounts and areas
and was also responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction and managing quality of product and service delivery.

12/2008 - 11/2010
