RESEARCH MOLECULAR/RESEARCH MICROBIOLOGIST/RESEARCH ECOLOGIST (RESEARCH ASSOCIATE)
Professional Summary

Fully credentialed LPN with experience providing compassionate care ina hospital enviroment.

Experienced LPN licensed in AZ with strong clinical and peopke skills.

Core Qualifications
i, sienna © Problem resolution ability
© Wound hasan or * Enthusiastic caregiver
Sennen arial er uudetahiraits

naan « Practiced in sterilization techniques
* Strong clinical judgment * AED certification
erase ce ResL pels yo (eles) cecttLe oo a Abides by infection control standards
CMO W/E) Boxcaiiictl an
Anan A « Accomplished in colostomy care

° pee atin a on * Patient positioning understanding
© Talent in obtaining/charting vital signs

schivor anes

July 2012 to July 2015

Company Name City , State Research molecular/Research Microbiologist/Research Ecologist (Research Associate)

Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and installations to spec.

Analyzed and interpreted blueprints, data and manuals to determine precise specifications.
Recommended corrective actions to minimize rate of product defects.

Weighed raw data, reviewed parts history and organized results prior to quality analysis.

Analyzed manufacturing data against fimctional design and expected quality results.

Handkd, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements.
Impknented testing of highly avaible COTS applications in both Windows and Linux environments.
Led cross-fimetional team evaluations of production metrics and test results.

Documented, filed and maintained proper inspection records and quality assurance documents.
Conducted material mspections of incoming aircraft.

Collaborated with health specialists and civic groups to determine community health needs and the availability of services and to develop
goals for meeting needs

¢ Identified and analyzed public health data to develop relevant programs and policies.

Drafted and revised reports, articles and background papers.

Wrote CDC reports on effective prevention and intervention initiatives adopted by the agency.
Conducted experiments to achieve research goals

Created technical and research documents such as environmental impact reports.

Analyzed the environmental conditions affecting plants and animals.

Demonstrated individual and team laboratory tests.

Developed effective working relations with groups, individuals, agencies and the public.
Created data using wet hb molecular techniques.

Designed and directed experiments using multiple wet lab molecular techniques.

Directed several mokcular cloning projects.

July 2012 to April 2013
On ANE LO aE eCROdiiociiag

Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.
Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.

Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines,

Collected urine and fecal samples.

Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.

Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs.
Facilitated games and other activities to engage clients.

Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problers.

COO RWI cu ecLecicn init lanaiad ainemnsbrciuucee tierce
Bloreccmopuvcr carlton ceelincccess

Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages, and daily inputs and outputs.
Recognized and reported abnormulities and/or changes in patients' health status to nursing stafE
Documented resident records on daily flow sheets.

Assisted with ADLs.

Provided patients and families with emotional support.

Exhibited compassionate care and commumication with regard to issues of death and dying.
