ADULT EDUCATION INSTRUCTOR
Summary
Seasoned Agriculture Teacher with more than 20 years of experience in this world of education. Excellent teaching and kadership skill. Track
fede enue CO exceptional results in not only FFA programs but also Credit Recovery Programs at my current high school and program

be Ue Deore Cees ei ess wurnen sluiiabon® PLease dcr bn oman Lan ranean ng
Adult Education bea PT AGNOMMaO carn Pree W Men meer a crate eens) bo mengeusiccs enn karl anne
and assist studentsA in improving Ieaming skills, and abilities. Hardworking and responsibk professional adept at crisis response and activity
td

Experience

Company Name City , State Adult Education Instructor 08/2016 to Current Developed a diplorm program that fit the needs of the conmuity,
continues to work with the community and wants to see the students succeed move on into cither industry or collegeA

Company Name City , State Agriculture/Credit Recovery Teacher 08/2000 to Current

© Planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided students with

yee LR OR Ma aceme became trem Ges iiusl (cm

Goal Setting Established clear objectives for all essons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading
tubric and overall class expectations.

© Parent Communication Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas.

Student-Centered Curriculum Plamning Developed mid-semester evaluation for students to give feedback about current curriculum and
AManeses aris hpmeetces races ene nine) came eiisecame Rice

Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

De ouccb eB saneoc mu carettinceneBelortolnes cclulncs teat barce Ob eae ona neni cineke eae uee ts (ag) ce

oT eae U MES GNM CaN CR Couns A APO HTC eT MeCe NTU L Oe ORe See) Hee

Received high remarks for the creativity of classroom kesson plans and instructional techniques from students, parents and faculty.
Created and enforced chikd-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive earning,

Impkiented student discipline measures, decreasing classroom disruptions by 80%.

Oe deca ine URC s renter ee cccoipl rebate cai Om muta Le Mee urccce sire Catg
Broan

Company Name City , State Agriculture Teacher 08/1995 to 08/2000

© Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

PEP ato ocean casio cater mn ound clini elie Ob ea ecient qnanneaniin cick anne ia e4) ce

¢ Routinely met with students’ parents regarding in-chss issues and karning interruptions to discuss solutions. Impkemented student discipline
measures, decreasing classroom disruptions by 80%.

Accomplishments

© Cal Poly Pomona Pomona, CA, USA Community Involvement Been a keader with High Desert Challengers 4Hfor the last 12 years,
© Have been involved with helping the kids raise animals to kaming how to sew for the San Bemardino County Fair.
© Material Development
© Created Diplorm program for Adult EducationA. targeting students who have the desire to achieve receiving their diploma andA A
to create an engaging educational experience.

Cee Co a aiid
© Introduced new keaming methods to ensure total comprehension for all students.

A

Education

Subject Matter Authorization in Science: Science 2016

UCR Extension Program : Crosscultural Language and Academic Dev. Cert 2005 University Of San Diego , City , State , USA Crosscultural
Language and Academic Dev. Cert

Bachelor of Science : Agriculture Education 1995 Agriculture Education

Affiliations

National Education Association (NEA), 1995 to present

CTA 1995 to present

Sails

CMB ucolangasccreabrratestncr rant

Experience working with special needs students, as I feel Ag and special needs go and and hand
Effectively work with parents

AV Oli orbeugsine ancy

Innovative kesson planning

Positive atmosphere promotion

PMc n once nnRiecouriketurencesin kere acs scbes

(ev ironinpcaared
