PROGRAM SUPPORT ASSISTANT

schivor anes

June 2012

to

January 2015

Company Name City, State Program Support Assistant Accounting Tech- responsible for chims matching, adjustrents, refinds and complete
account audits of veteran's accounts. Produced voucher refiinds, processed returned First Party checks. Prepared public vouchers for processing,
refimd reviews, pre-payments, clains- nntching reports, and audit requests from Veterans or other VA entities. Provided assistance with Debt
Managenrent, Internal Revenue and Treasury Offset Programs. Collected, analyzed and prepared data for processing and provided clerical and
technical support to CPAC operations. This includes determination if insurance payments should be applied to veteran's co-pay by reviewing
patient account information. A determination was made as to the amount of credit given to offSet veteran's account and properly annotated with
ekctronic comments. Reviewed First Party debt directly related with the Debt Management Program and the Treasury OffSet Program prior to
actual impact of payment offSets. Determined appropriate Fund and Resource Code for the refiind process. Ensured that all pertinent information
was gathered and input into automated systems, in a timely and accurate manner. Collected, compiled, and/or tracked data for the preparation of
statistical, financial and/or administrative reports on an ad-hoc or recurring basis. Prepared written docurents such as correspondence and
ecient

PNT eb LOPAU sd

to

January 2012

Company Name City , State Agriculture Teacher Served as high school agriculture teacher, FFA Advisor, facility manager, counselor, mentor and
performed other assigned duties as required. Prepared course material and curriculum at multiple educational levels for diverse audience. Created
eo cei leciiiocaibLanadiea cy cunees acre amreciicckemeclicencprcad cB Omi wanes atecm@Vnulnbretke score eet|
hardware, software and supplies to insure optimum performance in the educational environment. Fostered and maintained working relationships
with local and statewide kaders. Monitored student progress and submitted progress reports to ensure student comprehension and understanding
of the material presented. Provided feedback to students on their projects and assignments. Developed interactive and engaging curriculum, esson
pans and websites for classroom materials and applied instructional methods to msure student engagement in eaming. Insured course work was
designed and appropriate for a very diverse audience. Served on campus aesthetics committee. Developed entire course curriculum to be available
as an independent, online course for high school students utilizing Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver, Front Page, Camtasia, Snagit, PowerPoint, and
other programs as required. Utilized survey data to evaluate the effectiveness of high school's educational program Developed finished products to
include engaging lesson plans, training mteriak, educational videos, and computer enhanced instruction. Designed, evaluated, and modified
curriculum utilizing ADDIE and CIPP model for curriculum design as needed. Routinely developed and utilized both formative (internal) and
summntive (external) evaluations for mstruction in order to maintain meaningfilness and allow for optimal keaming. Constantly reviewed and
mmintained currency on educational journals and texts in order to maintain knowledge of emerging trends in instruction and technology and review
recent developments in the fields of education and training, Attended professional development regularly in order to collaborate with colleagues st
and insure course work was up to date with 21 Century and collaborate on innovative instructional methods. Designed, developed and presented
staff development training for district teachers (adult leamers). Served as mentor to incoming teachers. Served as department chair of Career and
Technology Departrrent. Facilitated findraisers and maintained cash flow and documentation. Trained students for competitions at the state and
national level in both Leadership Development Events and Career Development Events. Maintained student educational records at the high schoo!
level. Created and nnintained databases of student educational records. Instructed other teachers (adult learners) during countywide staff
development on curriculum design and technology integration into their curriculums. Performed needs assessments within the community prior to
ground up development of new courses in district. Introduced, designed, developed and implemented new course designed in its entirety for
students to utilize as a stepping stone to a career in veterinary medicine or animal science. This course became so popular, new teachers had to be
added to teach the curriculum. New curriculum, supplemental activities, and exams independently created for courses. Modified curriculum to
allow for honors credit at the high school level and applied honors credit to other classes taught as well.

October 2004

to

RIAU th

Company Name City , State Agriculture Teacher Served as high school agriculture teacher, FFA Advisor, facility manager, and performed other
assigned duties as required. Assisted in writing USDA grants. Developed and designed instruction for chssroom use. Planned and implemented
kadership camps and activities for student leaders. Planned and implemented livestock show for 100+ students annually. Developed new
curriculum to be used in chssroom activities and served as advisor for student leadership organization. Designed, evaluated and implemented new
curriculum for emerging chsses. Developed new chases, including instructional materials that were adopted as long term Developed survey
instruments, administered surveys, and provided data analysis to justify classes. Implemented compktely new class and instructional material based
on results of needs assessment. Visited local community colleges to ensure latest trends in technology and instructional methodology were being
addressed for needs of students. Worked closely with community and advisory board in order to ensure the community's desires were heard and
impkemented. Taught courses that served as “dual credit" for the students allowing both high school and college credit were obtained. Aided
students in scholarship applications and proficiency awards.

NTU

to

RIAU tc)

Company Name City , State Agriculture Teacher Taught high school agriculture. Served as FFA advisor. Oversaw greenhouse facility and
performed other assigned duties as required. Facilitated plant sales and other fimdraisers for the student kadership organization. Nurtured fading
program to filly successfill and self- sufficient educational program in kss than 2 years through recruitment, impkerrentation of interesting and
engaging curriculum and participation in leadership opportunities for students. Prepared lesson plans and implemented kessons based on curriculum
needs. Adapted instruction to fit the needs of the target leamers.
