AGRICULTURE ADVISOR AND LANGUAGE OFFICER

beers RSin rsa

Bere Keon) deck ue anc Peano Lea nce iON Cea b wus annus Man NBM Uae asieoeBOnersi eine Renn ate
software program for 15 months, at Oxford English and Computer Center Jalalabad City. I worked as Agriculture Advisor - Language officer with
ree coat MC e COPE MCoN eu alciand yuna cl One B Om uc al Be olor robert d
leanne ELL CME MeN eLom aster RCD ee Cre tm Ocoee ya CCon etre Remarks aiie
Ministries. Participated in different meetings ic. (Provincial Development Council, Private sector development, Technical working Group) meetings
held at Provincial level to improve life standards of our community and bring prosperity through implementation of developmental programs. Fiked
visit, Collection of Agriculture data, Monitoring of Agriculture Projects. In addition, I have a valuable experience of working as an Agriculture
Coordinator which gave me an opportunity as part of Management body to: Establish adequate support at the community kevel for the project
policies and activities to ensure commaumity participation at all evels. Traveled to different districts and provinces of the country. Identify
weaknesses and problems during the implementation process and propose appropriate solutions to avoid conflicts (Social, Political, and Cultural).
Attended 3 months training on Agriculture New technology in U.S Kansas State. Furthermore, I have participated in several trainings and
onic Conca Pee ines nes oe eucy OW MM elces i Gonnc mse el Ene Oma renal
Pierce Man lice ne mtcL ACen eRe once Oma eel lw ue an veR Otome Co nCe ree nea Sits) ese
Developnent, Marketing, Field hands on trainings, Communication skill, and many other Food saftty and sanitation related issues and have
delivered many constructive Presentations on different Occasions. Since I have good knowledge of my society and a valuable experience of work
Bg area eas ete micn avers toyz Co meee LOO HAD Sn am Oc isA nice Nur oN coe
Marketing and business, I believe I am qualified for the mentioned Position.

Core Qualifications

Microsoft package (Word, Excel, power point) Installation, intemet related tasks, EnglistY Pashto/Dari typing,

Experience

Jan 2016 to Jan 2016

PRO Las p Sluts col Leo UD Oca Me on aberabnelcckeeociuabenteecten NPE PTC eTe

Be oem Ma era CS Le Bio Seu BTR CIEe einai end wrecan tei com oRe com Lomo e
¢ Simuttancous transhtions in IPCB-S meetings.

PMO eloreleneegelbom ccm eeniedmalnons (like | Olsen

Agriculture Advisor and Language Officer Jan 2016 to Jan 2016

Laghman PRT/ADT.

Responsibilities: Establish and maintain strong coordination and good communication channels with govemmental as well as non-
Moin eeseicc Leman ance OmuULe Roe Lem oncae omy Panu lata eT ye

Worked strategic planning with DAIL Office.

Assist DAIL (Department of irrigation, Agriculture, and livestock) staff for annual planning,

Attend and represent PRT/ADT in relevant meetings and workshops out of the organization at provincial evel.

Preparing Moduk need assessment based.

Pucca e (olincss nner cs oe Noni lata tanispaturen casi an ce

CSE Rune No ecca Neos eneib loc e cesta e

Assist the DAIL research department in assessing the needs of staff for short, medium and long term trainings.

Cooperate closely with DIAL (Department of irrigation, Agriculture, and livestock) office staff in technical and managerial affairs.
Biche oS euEanUnsaninaireciomeratel munis a em

Pian erE Uc meoe laminate oom alie groedcelicd pene comme ted canard

Translate Agriculture guidelines and project technical formats in to local languages as required.

Prepared training materials to DAIL staffand fanners.

Provincial Manager Jan 2013 to Jan 2016

¢ work as with BRAC Education Program for Afghanistan Responsibilities: Prepare and implement plan for concemed areas and implement
the concemed project activities according to the approved annual work plan.

Supervise the staffand schooling activities in the concemed areas according to the plan.

BEN rosea oe omLcano ene alies (ani) one im

Build positive and competitive mindset of the staff

Overall responsible for preparing and submitting all kinds of reports to central office and communicate coordinate with related provincial
level offices.

* Take necessary steps for enhancing the capacity of the staff in order to administer the all project activities effectively.

Wen ecute RUN aLom EN MALIA RET WANES a
Company Name

Cee ray ccBitsrnceRreceRO Ral inand

CA ceRu ul solrankon beri «Ekueiil by iieciccscom
© Gave refiesh courses about plant disease to farmers.

¢ Record all plant diseases reports, fromall districts.

© Managed all state Agriculture properties, for cultivation.
