FEMA VACCINE DISTRIBUTION
Professional Summary

Committed to sustainable community development and fighting climate change, bringing 5 years of outdoor and forestry experience and 2 years
intermational experience through the Peace Corps. Successfill in project planning, community integration and development. Knowledgeable in
various environmental, forestry, and agricultural disciplines using sustainable methods. Education in Geography and Urban Planning,

Nas

¢ Proposal Development © Microsoft Office & GIS
© FundingSource Research © Data analysis
© Leadership © Community development
¢ Maintenance & Repair Ce ikon este)

Work History

FEMA Vaccine Distribution , 04/2021 to 08/2021

Company Name a€“ City

Average hours/ week: 50-60

© Created spreadsheets using Microsoft Excel for daily, weekly and monthly reporting.
© Worked flexible hours; night, weekend, and holiday shifis.

© Exceeded goals through effective task prioritization and great work ethic.

© Provided logistical support by moving supplies and directing traffic.

¢ Supported doctors and nurses by completing various tasks.

Park Maintenance Worker , 06/2020 to 12/2020
(Ooi ta Niner ont Ol Nam EI CG

Average hours/week: 40

© Maintained routine landscaping schedules to boost lawn health and keep facilities neat and well-groomed. Including trimming, weeding and
Foceae kel ciliate

* Collected, compiled and posted information on forest recreation and trail conditions to encourage visitor safety and participation in
eee

© Performed reguhr forestry maintenance, cutting and trimming trees.

© Promoted reforestation by reintroducing grass and groundcover plants into area and completed various tree planting and prairie restoration
Pecan

Agriculture Volunteer , 10/2018 to 03/2020
Company Name a€“ City , State

Average hours/day: 12

¢ Lived ina rural community providing expertise with Agriculture, Health, and Education.

© Worked on language and cultural integration, as well as counterpart and community capacity building.

* Planted 300 trees with community and Dept. of Forestry to combat deforestation and provide a sustainable source of inconr, natural
eet eM heR TEN LO NRC Vansib

¢ Phoned and facilitated large community based projects.

¢ Facilitated kessons and discussions in schools and community groups using PACA methods.

Parks and Forestry Maintenance Worker , 06/2014 to 08/2014
Company Name a€“ City , State

PN actnod peta ied. ee it)

CB WOWci ce ncedncatcbemicoi ner einer liom wecdome aim ine Tice eka ue nel RCL mUclice eB oo
beds.

© Trimmed and cut trees using various type of power equipment, including chainsaws.

¢ Identified and removed poison ivy, buckthom and other invasive plants.

© Worked with supervisors to compkte daily projects.

Education

Bachelor of Science : Geography/Urban Studies , 05/2018
University of Minnesota - Twin Cities - City , State
Associate of Science : Geography , 05/2016

Nonmandale Community College - City , State
Accomplishments

ay O te o
