SOFTWARE DEVELOPER

Urotecroral Riera

Enthusiastic computer engineer eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills.
Technical professional with complete understanding of entire software development life cycle. Respectfill self motivator giffed at finding reliable
solutions for software issues. Experienced in c#, python, HTML, SQL, node,js/javascript and working knowledge of Restfil API design &
impknrniations. Fluent in English and Turkish and accustomed to working with cross-cultural, global teams.

Nails
© Image processing
Puasa aelg
© Leadership
Ao SVM Ce ne Retire ses avait
¢ SQL, 5 years of experience re
¢ Python, MatLab, MongoDB, Tabkau, Node JS * Office
¢ Frameworks: .Net, Devexpress, TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-leam, Pandas, NLTK. ate
¢ Search Engine Optimization pi er eeaierereeree
° Net CSc caw
Ca.Nl ae ren
¢ CSS ee
© Clients A soe
Py DT aaa : peal la
te ae Pao) e
: ay © Systemarchitecture
© Turkish
© User Interface
ON oes Ce
CN feta)
Areas icra

Software Developer , 12/2015 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

Project was tasked to design an Internal Marketing System using c#,SQL, HTML,.ret, devexpress.
POA ClITimsaba be RS Lee

APT's were integrated.

The system records the end to end process.

Ascahbke system architecture to support high-availability Internet site with various internal applicationswas key.
My responsibilities were:.

Integration of marketplace APIs.

Coordinated with project management staffon database development timelines and project scope.
AU Sueminas(saaoctnemred och) «cuntcdenkea Ob inecaetotd ee ianasnlnert cm

Pp iken eH Ral ene Omran bub nuke Cb cover cbr bee

The successfull hunch of these applications enabled company growth of 30%.

Computer Engineer Intem , 06/2013 to 09/2013
Company Name a€“ City

¢ Tested the User Interface for Web site and provided feedback to increase user satisfaction, reduce reaction time and improve site
ye
© Executed Performance testing on internal applications, documented results and maintained logs.

Computer Engineer Intem , 06/2012 to 09/2012
Company Name a€* City

Our team has created an application for Turkish Patent and Trademark Office using MatLab, C#, SQL and HTML.

My responsibilities within that team was:.

Developed the FAQ and Support part of the web site.

tela pe Ricle th Leon iB ecer iuncednl onan cesiiics oe lined neecc ab rarcieneunnn ney n cats

Tested and documented prototypes and standard products.

WEN Pinacs ees amen eires toa nm blincacd cern oR Ree ee ener Hemel encniebdiaLan and

PROJECTS Question Answering Systent As the sole resource on this project created a windows application with Phyton for COVID-19
relted questions using BERT and ELMO language model.

The Frameworks were Pandas, Tensorflow, NLTK.

Data Visualization Tool: The objective of this project was to analyze communication structures, employee relationships and suspicious
transactions by designing and implementing a data visualization tool.

PEM iedennccsealcli a NIRS anne beeniccmcul to vam LUURn Ota meciom
