CUSTOMER SERVICE SPECIALIST III

Summary

To attain a position in public and/or legal administration or similar field.

Highlights
© Computer Applications
PERO geve pies sce

© Notary Public 2002 - presentl NYS Division of Budget; NYS Contract Mant. Systems NYS Grants Passa tie x
Gateway and SFS Financial System Software Proficiency Intermediate in Microsoft Office Suites, Outlook, office co ?
Excel, Access, PowerPoint; Adobe, Acrobat; SiteFinity, 4.7; WordPerfect 5 - 10; DOS, SFS Financial wee i. i -
Management System/Oracle, Lotus Notes and Heavy Dictaphone/transcription skills; Dual Monitor eile

5 i i Bl eae clip reid
experience. Able to work with a diverse group of peopke and all levels of management and staff both a Somnpens
independently and as a teamy adapts quickly to new work environments. Ee aa nly.

© Managed cash and
daily summary reports

Accomplishments

Acquired 2 Master's degrees within three and a half years, graduating Sum Cum Laude.A It shows I can get things done that I put my mind to,
no matter the difficulty.A I excel well ina challenging work environment. Abke to work well with a diverse group of individuals.

schivor anes

Customer Service Specialist III Mar 2016 to Aug 2016

Company Name i City , State

© Provided great customer service to consumers who call the Health Marketplace for insurance Properly validated and authenticated
consumers seeking assistance with their marketplace accounts Assisted consumers with enrollment into various types of health insurance
through the Marketplace Informed consumers about their Marketplace accounts and make any updates as needed Assisted consumers in
applying and renewing their coverage as well as walking them through the process Set up and validated family members as authorized
representatives to speak on behalf of account holler.

Ment. Specialist & MWBE Lizison Sep 2015 to Feb 2016
Company Name i City , State

© Created and input BI 184's into Division of Budget system for Grants Received and processed all M/WBE Requests for Waiver fons for
State Contractors Maintained business relationship with project managers and department heads to ensure contractors are following
MWEBE Ruks and Regulations Utilized the Contract Management System using Access and Excel Contacted Executive Chambers for
Waiver Requests status updates & changes needed to get them approved Met with Project Managers and Dept.

© Heads to discuss issues centered around meeting MWBE goals Prepared and submitted monthly & quarterly MWBE Utilization Reports to
Executive Chambers.

Deputy City Clerk Jan 2014 to Aug 2015
Company Name i City , State

Maintained business with and direct the public to appropriate offices or other entities as needed.

Managed the daily operations of issuing marriage licenses, marriage certifications, reservoir fishing permits.

Issued dog licenses and secure dog redemption payments, replace dog tags, update rabies info in BAS System

Created and submit payment vouchers for bills and office subscriptions.

Accepted monies and checks for all licenses, permits and order supplies.

Managed incoming mail and send out mniled-in requests for licenses, certifications and pennits.

Copied and distributed agendas and meetings to city council members and department heads, as well as upload the agendas and minutes to
Om os Mesa hCG HN we

Accepted Legal service on the City of Troy for Notices of Chim against the City and the Troy Police Dept.

Managed and count daily cash drawer, prepare bank deposit slips and daily cash summary sheets, input same into Excel spreadsheet for
monthly income reporting,

Administrative Assistant Jul 2011 to Dec 2013
Company Name i City , State

© Managed daily operations of Grant contract processing from input to tracking approval process.

© State Grant and contract file management, auditing and compliance of documents including but not limited to verification of B1184's, Vend
Rep, Charities Registration or Exemption, Insurance forms, etc.

Corresponded and communicated contract information requirerents with different program representatives.

Managed all incoming grant contracts and renewals for different state and municipal entities.

Managed and trained incoming staff, state workers and temps, in Contract Management and Auditing.

(Oh eetMrchanestis eal cB ORI S eC GCL e Lave coms hile tel

Audited all grant contracts to process in SFS system, after full review and docurrentation is received.

Monitored grant contract review and compliance ofall temps to ensure contracts met all requirements.
