COSTUMER SERVICES
Siireerstag

Costumer representative with background as sandwich artist and security looking to join a growing entrepreneurial organization as part of the
Executive team

Skills

¢ Operations management Pe Op rvesaruuiey

¢ Financialrecords and processinge Customer service expert
Ceehaacincy © Strong communication skils
Pe @rcncseatsce © Superior organization skills
© Computer proficient ¢ Store maintenance ability

Ca tence siremnegs hs Ce race on eile
© Telephone inquiries specialist © Adaptive teamphyer

CRROUDraleclineetoatinta CeO calenekoraynata

© Superior commumication skills © Telecommunication skills

Experience

Oem cay cee PU CR OROTs area Sahl chy AOS BESET

© Answered customer questions and took orders.

° Assisted customers with finding solutions to their comphints, concems and inquiries.

¢ Recommended, selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

Peo ocean ea ce eon cowontona cared merurolalcantiniten licen eben necon erates
¢ Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving appropriate feedback.
Extended customer subscriptions, offering discounts and promotions to ensure high customer retention rates.
© Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve custorrers' problens.

Sandwich Artist , 01/2017 to 02/2018 Company Name it4 City , State

Executed all daily tasks and assisted other team members when needed.

Prepared food iterrs, including sandwiches and other products to meet customer specifications.
PCOS es RoI Cha ece oN omeeeca Ole nema lnncde eae

lO yeliaecBoecd connote eioetne ne crcpacksne) eee raed(cde

Pe Etec salma os oul kettle nrccumersnromicecnmkinsiarcnnad
Orem S iach beck Bete norco ini be icy

Trained Sandwich Artists to apply attention to detail and commitment to quality.

One RG oR ORCL ern Ke ommee clone Rac aN i ncas srsnr Lad
Proofed dough products and baked breads, cookies and other bakery products.

Handled and bagged groceries carefiilly and according to customer preference.

Rilo com eccemm nena nuccmtnemenicebipceia elses

Monitored the freshness and condition of prepared foods.

© Routinely ckaned table Imens, table settings, glassware, windowsills, carpets, counters, floors, storage areas and service refrigerators.
Security Guard , 05/2015 to 01/2016 Company Name i4 City , State

© Maintained order, responded to emergencies and enforced federal and local laws.

Pe Oo rent ei m lh eca oop auiniice ahs iaqecurevasRUyiLede Tela

¢ Immediately reported fires, accidents and other safety hazards.

CSN eece bul snd ettnemcoullve cme ariaenelitee

© Protected federal employees and their property by monitoring all access to government-owned and eased properties.
¢ Detained individuals when necessary to prevent security breaches.

© Patrolied the premises regularly to ensure safety of employees and visitors.

© Patrolled buikiings, facilities and perimeter areas to prevent damage to property.

ea ase eR oow cen ome PU ER OREE CUE R@e i singh ch ALOIS meee

Communicated information to customers about product quality, value and style.

COON RCO eRke Le lCaay menace

leo teiSrral nid pont rneacclen Ob ere selina icone i rR rae nc note

Kept the showroom clean and maintained neat, orderly product displays.

re RRM Oe acl Le nwcee OB OL natoner eine meralicesireRersaciitct ket cm
Worked as a team menber performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning,

¢ Stocked and rotated inventory regularly.

© Resolved customer comphints and adjusted orders.

© Sekcted the most efficient routes in compliance with delivery instructions and fuel policy.

* Inspected and maintained gas, oil and water levels as well as tires, lights and brakes.

© Loaded and unloaded merchandise at stores and vendor locations.

© Processed payments by accepting cash, checks and credit card payments.

Pa ecti cen sngronimolinur gyn onus kana scear eck ucecenc item

Seasonal Fick Worker , 05/2006 to 08/2006 Company Name i City , State

BS hor bruce encom a woltlebolnekeavan eins ee MAU

© Mowed and edged lawns and flowerbeds using shovel and hula hoe.
