VOLUNTEER FRONT DESK RECEPTIONIST,CANTEEN WORKER
[Osheue Oona ang

Tama highly enthusiastic,self motivated, skilled and hardworking customer service oriented professional, secking a position as a costumer service
representative in your company in order to contribute my organization, problem solving and strong communication skills to ensure customer
RTI eCa Lone

Core Strengths

© Strong interpersonal skills © Tekecommunication skills

Seasoned in conflict resolution © Typing skills (35 words)

IO elieaseecnee ies © multiple phone handling

Courteous demeanor © Computer skills, Word Perfect POS
Energetic work attitude © Familiar with social sites, Twitter,Apps

Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

Worked as Museum Attendant,Greeted large crowds of patrons upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

FCO CCR Oe ERC LCR PO Les eT OR Ea riba MOUs COM LeeLee Lee ceake

proficiency in Excel, Microsoft Software.

Volunteered for Red Cross Hurricane Katrina Relief in Baton Rouge,Louisiana,2005 Who's Who Student Excellence, Baltimore City
Community College,2004 VIP Math Tutoring program for .

Baton Rouge Public Schools, 2008.

Aug oanan at acs
Volunteer Front Desk Receptionist, Canteen worker Mar 2014 to Nov2014
Company Name - City , State

Greet visitors and register all blood donors upon entry of building

Answer calls and inquiry of blood drive and provide directions information blood donating areas Check ID ofall non donor visitors, monitor
security footage.

Assisted in Canteen work by greeting donors affer domating blood, engage them in conversation, monitor for dizziness, fainting,and weakness
after donating blood.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of Red Cross donation policies,ruks and regulation when registering new donors

Musician and Choir Director Apr 2013 to Sep 2014
Company Name - City , State

Direct the choir in the manner of compliments and support the worship agenda for the congregation.

Select appropriate music for Sunday Moming and special religious service that may be called by the Pastor.
Schedule weekly rehearsal for choir in preparation for church performance.

Attend monthly meetings with board members to maximize church and choir membership

[Xe iinem

Supervisor: Y Supervisor's Name: Evie and Dedra Mathews, Supervisor's Phone: 225-344-8930).

Volunteer Security and Museum Greeter Jan 2010 to Jul 2012
Company Name - City , State

Provide a visual security presence in the galleries of artifact collections and the special exhibit.

Make hourly rounds to ensure the safety and preservation of the art and artifacts.

Monitor entrance of visiting patrons while recording hourly activities ina daily Jog sheet.

Ensure secure conditions are maintained so as to prevent thefi/or darmge to art objects.

Other duties are to greet visitors, answer questions and provide information and directions to the diflérent areas ofthe museum.
Assist in set up of special events Vohmteer supervisor, Barbara Moir.

(Ones eccineg lM Cones MAURO PAUUwAU UTE
Company Name - City , State

© Prepared and sold broad range of customized merchandise to individuals and commercial accounts.
eco eth rea eccrH EIS naLaiCe shana ceilne) oii

cotton fiber to repeat the process of treating the seeds.

Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mnil, e-rmil and fax.
Dr J Myers, Supervisor’s Phone: 225-578-2110).
