E-COMMERCE SUPERVISOR
Treen
Tamsecking a challenging position in management, where I can apply my experience to a company's objective and profits. I have a discipline
approach to the task at hand and the ability to anticipate potential obstacles, which is contributed to a strong record of excellence for getting the
job done safely. I aman optimistic & quick leamer, I am safety conscious and have excellent organizational and muttitasking aptitude. I currently
plan and kad individuals in order to compkte daily tasks ma timely and safé manner.
Srna
© Qualified to operate and train individuals on various equipment.
¢ Proficient in Microsoft Office
Ce ects cen B oncom AVI)

© Strategic planning

© Troubleshooting and problem solving
¢ Fhxbk

© Dedicated

Experience
E-commerce Supervisor , 02/2015 to Current Company Name

Cee a aieinemiistesektrlmend ented

© Lead and develop employees through teamwork and create continuous improvement through employee engagerent that supports the
companies values.

* Continually looking for ways to improve quality, safety, and productivity and communicating those ideas throughout the network.

PM Obrion ana enedekerii omen eleRlbenriana@enie triac)

Co-Owner , 01/2006 to 01/2010 Company Name

Cpt sp mirebraetnd Weiner bare sccyy
¢ Experience in Real-estate hw and procedures, contact with city offices, screen and select qualified renters.
© I continue to buy/renovate and rent out homes without a business name.

E-commerce Coordinator , 03/2003 to 02/2015

PRO eieateee em cxelncbnelmane hone) acaba cates
¢ Sharp organizational skills preparing work assignments.
Pe Se orid elena meciecanlicc terns nce Bresinkanas a

Agriculture Worker , 01/1998 to 01/2007 State

Ce hlisteekcaersiniebresmmiuntoe bse aia
¢ skills gained- responsibility, flexibility, selfdetermmation and confidence.

J raiTesthoi ere Me esteated

EkctricaVEkctronics Engineering Technology, AAS Presently attending Owens Community College - City, State GPA: 3.93
2012 Active Participant in theA 5S program

2010 Owens Community College - Toledo OH -Photovoliaic Certification

2007 Training Assistant Position Workshop

2006 Online/Phone course for Mentors of America

2004 Participated in Best Buy Lean Team

Graduate : 1998 Riverdale High School

Is

attention to detail, continuous improvement, logistics, excel, power point, word, network, internet research, organizational skills, , safety, teamnvork
