DIRECTOR OF MARKETING, COMMUNICATIONS AND IT
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

© Initiated a student leadership developrent programA A a student leadership development program A resuttingA in A graduates in position
Dyers aera eee oneness

* CAHS Student Leadership Apprentice Program

© Big Boom Business Planning Institute

© Host of "Outlook on Agriculture” Weekly Radio Show on KPVU 91.3FM and Sirius XM HBCU Channel 142

schivor anes
02/2013 to Current
Director of Marketing, Commumications and IT Company Name i City , State

Develop strategies based on knowledge of policy, nature of market and trend projections to facilitate growth as well as aid in resiliency
planning for the College which is a triad encompassing the Cooperative Extension Program, Cooperative Agricultural Research Center and
Peon on

Manage the College's internal and external communications systems in conjunction with university's public relations, press and marketing
communications units in the public and private sector.

« Assess and transhte materials into print, online and social media.

Create systems and procedures that maintain and manage contact lists of associates and prospective associates; implement event registration
procedures and develop systems to expand customer relations.

Attend and actively participate in College Advisory Board meetings, committee meetings, conference calls and fimetions.

© Advise the office of the Dean on mutters important to stakeholders relating to the College.

* Provide kadership in executing marketing communications, strategic planning and public relations activities for a staffof'8 employees.

Program Specialist Company Name i City , State

PAU Tiiveescco Dest aamGuuseniincm sci etd gure Ole he
¢ Created and provide solutions as a consultant for clients in the area of technical assistance for sustainable business strategies.
Developed creative and specialized curriculum that will effectively reach a target audience and provide impactfil education that will improve
their standard of living and satisfy stakeholders.
Provided marketing expertise in e-media productions such as radio and television prograrrs as well as social media solutions and other
online publications.
* Supervised a staff of students providing them guidance through mentorship in marketing, custorrer service, business operations and
pice feccl eI RtaueL errata

01/2003 to 01/2012
Web Developer Company Name

© Consulted with customers to perform needs analysis, determine project scope and define problem solutions that focus on increasing client
pcr ber Eas Oa

Developed statements of work for project proposals to acquire new accounts.

Designed various types of e-media including retail e-commerce sites, content mamgement systems and web portak.

Developed marketing content to include design yout, copy, graphic art and various electronic media productions.

Monitored and analyzed results to optimize online marketing and enhance the customer experience with a focus on developing long term
customer relationships Adjunct Faculty Computer Aided Drafting and Design.

Design and implement quality training in the subject area of Computer Aided Design productively delivered to more than 350 students in
chsses of 15-20 cohorts per session.

Develop innovative strategies to effectively present training materials while maintaining performance goals in ters of attendance and student
engagement.

Ze reM anor eaGiunsceuiew ronnie sees UB MBG HC tieIcnEA GO Mmelccoetelesie sate
retention goals and addressed various issues conceming student development and general classroom concems.

Education and Training

2015

LEAD21 Executive Leadership Program The University of Georgia

PAu}

Masters of Business Administration (MBA) : Marketing University of Phoenix Marketing

1998

Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE), Software Applications Southem Methodist University

1994

Bachelor of Science : Mechanical Engineering, Computer-Aided Design Prairie View A&M University Mechanical Engineering, Computer-Aided
Design

Skills

Adobe Creative Suite, Acrobat, After Effects, Dreanmveaver, Photoshop, Premiere, AutoCAD, business operations, business strategies,
Computer Aided Design, CAD, hardware, consultant, content, content management, creative design, clientelk,, client, clients, customer relations,
customer service, database, Drafting, e-commerce, engineering design, Flash, focus, government, grant proposals, drawing, graphic art, graphic,
