FITNESS INSTRUCTOR

Uretecroral Rinsing

Dynamic, entreprencurial sales executive with a record of achievernent and success driving sales growh in highly competitive markets. Solid

ete surnne Riot ea oma anemia cucee ee ee Ue OR ust e eer TmN ec ON SND sneer aNd in cmCounnneeat sone
PN Nae Rata eae eS Ror Mince ciiteotM Wo lReseaiicet Rule mila @ioneiemliec ores cceso en eltlt eye
creativity and the initiative to achieve both personal and corporate goals.

Nails
Frenne aie nt Customer Retention
Se Distribution Strategies
te tenet Team Leadership
nt Wesley *
eee Wine & Spirits/Beverage Industry
Experience
Fitness Instructor , 02/2013 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

Teach energetic workouts that are challenging and motivating, yet safe. Provide students individualized hands-on adjustment throughout class.
Address each student by name during class and cultivate long termrelationships. Organized the 2014 Fitess Kick-off Challenge in which local
vendors provided educational seminars/products to inspire a commitment to a healthier lifestyle. Assist clients of all ages and fitness levels in
improving health and wellness.

Owner , 01/2011 to Current

Company Name a€“ City , State

Zhao ent Rhone uel RelciEceeerSUnege ean) mae) COL SH CROMNa couse by ckeoclasr Let teic
to buiki-out, to website developnent and marketing strategy. On site management ofall daily operations as well as recruiting, hiring and trainng
Brie Cnet os omlereucrodercseccmedl ies ualenmlescarsiamevecragae re em lucy mlnexnasl bce amebncae melee
corporate outings and charity findraisers. Became the first and only Austin stand up paddk board company to offer online reservations for clients.
Achieved an overall 5 star rating on YELP within the first year of business. The company is closing October 31, 2014.

Central Regional Manager , 10/2008 to 03/2011

Company Name a€“ City , State

Successfiilly executed sales and managed an eight state region consisting of two distributors/brokers, with a combined total sakes of approximately
SYA Brille Ra ee bn Loonce Re elericalancim em oueribecl eke ars cen becom Olle eMule see
buyers on private label product development and program management. Worked as a team with distributor management and staffto educate and
develop programs for increasing product knowledge, market presence and sales. Monthly conference calls with broker principals to review
performance, goals and opportunities. Conducted educational tea classes for retail sales partners as well as consumers.

Fine Wine Specialist , 2008 to 2008

Company Name a€“ City , State

Pd eRe Le Ss RRO Oeormel COR ani Zur iiteeOmnetrasy Tena Genre CRC claTnl dicho rence a
designed wine by the glass programs to support the Diamond portfolio. Assisted with inventory management and stock rotation. Set shelf'space,
cok! box and built displays to support supplier promotions and incentive programs. Demonstrated sales abilities through successfill presentation
and promotion of new and existing products and the expansion of business. Met or exceeded assigned monthly quotas and pkcement objectives.
Western Regional Sales Manager , 2005 to 2008

Company Name a€“ City , State

Proficiently managed sakes in a six state region comprised of eight different distributors/brokers, with combined total sales ofapproximately
$lmillion. Interfaced directly with buyers, distributor management, saks representatives and marketing associates located throughout the territory.
Oe Peis ul BARRO Ba ene ka orecen sane narouidiacd ORLosMPNUon ee Rcir ei eel ee poalnese Oe ncsand
and educate representatives on new and existing products. Designed and implemented various sales incentives with a focus on elevating
performance. Provided product training and promotional strategies to sales representatives and restaurant and retail staff Developed Excel
program to track monthly performance to goal Increased overall sales in region by 9.5%.

California Area Sales Manager , 2002 to 2004

Company Name a€“ City , State

Interfaced with key onoff-premise accounts, working in partnership with the distributor sales force to promote brand building and line expansion
Totem NIE nd Nene em Oona eben aCe ed MLO Hn Rn comiiToMM@ el eeu Une Ky}
focus brands resulting in a 24% increase in sales.

Wine Steward/Educator , 2001 to 2002

Company Name a€“ City , State

Instrumental in developing and impkiventing the bi-monthly wine class for consumers. Created content and format of class material and presented
VER nom MOEN OTR as TCE eked aU R oie conic) semaine neneceorens es
raw s Um@ eon mi EE cere AN La cinta esi ecm UAlaceckiolimreceral acm brll acne amarante
reports and ensured the store was properly stocked and detailed. Provided assistance to customers with wine selections and food/wine pairing,
mmde product recommendations and developed rapport to promote custorrer loyalty and repeat business.

AY fee Stream UOR O20 |

Company Name a€“ City , State

Responsible for daily operation of the Terrace Wine Bar at the Golden Vine Winery, hosted by Robert Mondavi at Disney's California Adventure.
Conducted guided wine tastings for guests and educational seminars and tastings for the restaurant staff

Product Marketing Manager , 1995 to 1998

Company Name a€“ City , State
