RECREATION & SPORTS COORDINATOR

Objective

To gaina Recreation Supervisor position so that I can provide support to professional and part time staff. I am looking for the opportunity to guide
day to day operations of high quality, community recreation facilities. I hope to provide the type of support and management conducive to a healthy
work environment so that all staffcan not only compkte their rokes & responsibilities, but also provide a facility that runs efficiently and offers

exceptional service to members.
Qualifications
ACSM Exercise Physiologist
omer intvag
BUS Or ivcDiauray
7 AHA CPR/AED & First Aid
rN
Experience

Company Name City , State Recreation & Sports Coordinator 03/2015 to Current

¢ Assisted in daily supervision and administration of facility and interacted with members to ensure programs were carried out ina safe and
effective manner.

Planned, organized and implemented recreation leagues and events throughout the calendar year.

NThetaa cet R mutes Lemur MeCN Cee OLR meat ml ae reNartecem

Dieeaec Re ane nceteninaacue Riel eR Oe rite ecicR wnat iee iced

Assisted supervisor in developing budget and developed innovative ways to increase revenue.

Responsible for financial transactions including daily cash deposits and purchasing responsibilities including maintaining a purchasing card
Eire B ana ee) acs)

eeeee

Company Name City , State Senior Health & Fitness Specialist Contractor 02/2013 to 03/2015

eons cnc aie uci Oncor bret pabelbnmn nsec HM hve woke clr etce neenalbetcy

Pe WoleeccO srl tn@r roo incliesreurlinioncn Tecate ena aen me ouceinebsbNnbeetm nob antic

¢ Conducted health and wellness assessments for clients and assisted them with goal setting and strategies to improve and mintain their health
Eye R ole SiR el ce

Company Name City, State Health and Fimess Specialist 08/2012 to 02/2013

© Developed and utilized special programs to connect with various health and wellness populations.

© Maintained great rapport with all customers ensuring all needs were handled ina timely manner.

¢ Entered appropriate docunents into software database ensuring each participant was safe for physical activity assessments and
participation.

Company Name City , State Facility Manager 01/2010 to 05/2012

© Supervised 40 staffat the university's 100,000 square foot facility and assisted in the new hire recruitrent and training procedures.

© Provided exceptional customer service to all members and prepared daily reports recording any issues within the facility.

¢ Administrative support by assisting with budget preparation, financial reports, membership sakes, payment records, account charges,

oy cae er rceity os (a sles] oe 6c 01) + se ern

2014- Lead over 250 employees at The Center for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) “Healthiest Center Institute Office (CIO)"

annual program and more than doubled their participation rate fom the two previous years.

Member of Center for Disease Control and Prevention Wellness on Worksite committee.

© 2012-Only inter hired to become part of the Progressive Exercise Specialist team based off of performance, professionalism, and
ClcsPesthe inoue Kernncsnlcarisi fom

Education
Bachelor of Science : Kinesiology 2012 East Carolina University , City , State
Sal

© Microsoft Office Programs

Cie ehenawNleesttony

© Good interpersonal skills that can help in building a strong team for the growth of the organization.
¢ Ability to handle different projects for the organization effectively.

>
