MOVER

Summary

coierovaneiolobemecsert) a bleommR cone eo Co WrotmaE de eibLoLanlbislileriPacinCeencueal Encl ce rriulnee et
demolitions to site clearing and debris removal. Proven physical stamina with a demonstrated ability to work without supervision. A fim and friendly
individual who enjoy working collaboratively.

schivor anes

01/2016 - Current

Company Name i City , State Mover

Warehouse/ Mover.

Packing material, equipment, firiture from warehouse to businesses or residential areas throughout Maryland and D.C.

Loading and unloading moving trucks, vans or automobiles with hands and pallet jacks.

Installed protective bracing, padding and strapping to prevent shifting and damage to items and fimniture during transport.

Maneuvered trucks into loading positions, following signals from loading crew and checking that vehicle and loading equipment are properly
positioned.

ZovOrirecbroLivs sic Pei cer aa med he cuMene cee cium Mele esihnum lee acoder Con coms iol emem ap eed
eto lceRuicaniig

Moved materials to construction zones and trucks using cards, hand trucks, and forklifis; installed protective devices to prevent shifting or
darge to transported items.

Performed pre trip for all trucks before leaving the yard daily, check tire pressure and gauages.

Selected, loaded, moved, and unloaded food supplies at the dock, and adhered to OSHA standards to increase efficiencies and minimize
reworks or losses during the process.

Loaded the forklift properly to perform daily job duties, placed materials in appropriated storage locations, and maintained accurate records
herraaealReba eats oie

Kept abreast of quantity counts for various products and repkenished supplies as required.

Picked and filled job orders for different stores, and placed products on the palkts.

Lifted from 80 to 100 pounds at a fast pace, and completed the work timing cycle of 437 minutes allocated for the full day within four
peti

01/2015 - 012016
Company Name i City , State Warehouse Selector / Driver

Selected, loaded, moved, and unloaded wine supplies at the dock.

Loaded the forklift properly to perform daily job duties, placed materials in appropriated storage locations, and maintained accurate records
herraaealReba eats oie

Kept abreast of quantity counts for various products and repkenished supplies as required.

Picked and filled job orders for different stores, and placed products on the palkts.

Lifted from 80 to 100 pounds at a fast pace, and completed the work timing cycle of 437 minutes allocated for the full day within four
peti

Conducting the smooth fimetions relating to requisition, receipt, stacking, and dispatch of goods and supplies.

Organizing the systematic storage of material.

Maintained inventory ofall supplies and made note of damaged goods.

Zev recel KeLecciueetivalceR hepa cepts tLamles/smcn uaancele

Coordinated with all transporters and suppliers for the dispatch and procurement of goods.

Followed proper documentation and safety procedures ofall warehouse functions.

Transported product to liquor stores and other vintners.

Ensured freshness of product on every trip.

Managed company assets such as carts kegs and pallets.

Kept track of delivery informtion, truck mileage, and fuel usage.

Wer aii gymecieheRi cheba TceBtbIKaLan ce

01/2013 - 012015
Company Name 14 City , State Laborer

Lift heavy loads up to 70 Ibs.’ and navigate construction job site.

Dig pits, trenches and foundations in preparation for job site construction.
Operate heavy machinery, including construction vehicles.

ICCTA nem

Perform setup and cleanup tasks at job site.

Direct traffic when necessary to ensure safety of pedestrians, motorists and work crew.
Back-fill trenches and pits when necessary.

Provide labor support as needed for specialty crew.

Perform general maintenance of construction equipment and vehicks.
PCOS DUT SHEA Cece OB lec NCCT MICH eCCMETe RMSE OnE Ccm
Ute eclom Rear reese

Work underground in tunnels and sewer systers.
