GENERAL MANAGER
Summary

Thave strong marketing, and sales skills, with a Costumer Service background combined with over 10 years of Managerent. I amskilled with
keaming new concepts, I work well under pressure and communicate ideas clearly, and effectively. Demonstrated achiever of being responsibk,
punctual, and consistent with all company policies.

schivor anes
Company Name General Manager
lena El CG

Petia eRuelice da OMIM ERHLCCUO KOR elie

Voted best Customer Service Employee General Manager throughout district.

Largest and Highest consecutive sales, revenue, generated employees.

Developed and Promoted 5 company General Mamgers for La Fitness.

Highest overall ranking V-Class numbers.

Generated highest revenue based profitable New Jersey Club.

I oliicem Omer meer ek@crere\clelcamealtom Ceci

Achieved Senior/Regional GM.

Responsible for trainng and development of Co-General Managers in North east region.

Company Name Septerrber 2014 to January 2015 Feeder Driver
lena El CG

Must conform to all federal and state department of transportation qualifications.
Peete er re re AUC ieee ee MO UCR ria cyLccm ee net enon atom
Responsible for all customer pick up and deliveries.

Company Name June 2014 to August 2014 Transport Driver
lena El CG

oer icne der oe Bbc ones kos a rt) Pern ome stnaubekeas any 7
© Adhere to all State and Federal DOT laws and regulations A- Condition and maintain Driver, and Truck Safety. A-Report to upper
managenent in delivery, pick-up, and business matters.

Company Name March 2008 to June 2014 General Manager
lena El CG

Controlled all Business Operations of the Club.

Researched and devised marketing, financial and feasibility reports conceming new business acquisitions and acquisition prospects.
Maintain budget for past due accounts, manage payroll and supply margins and uphold company sales quotas.

Initiated muttiple joint ventures and corporate relations to increase monthly profits margins on customers business in the U.S.

Key responsibility for consistent improvement of club sales and operations through efléctive strategic marketing,

Established overhead budgeting system using Microsoft Excel to improve expense tracking.

Increased sales by power point inside and outside marketing techniques, pursued corporate business through self generated business
ast behce

Established reports to track profits and loss gains for regional clubs in North Jersey market.

Develop all extracurricular sports programs for Corporate Office at the Club Level.

AN heer ctica AVE Sen ome acres ce Sic Oma ielou eee sit nem

Using independent discretion in maximizing profits, contain cost, and hold employees accountable.

Company Name May 2003 to August 2008 Bay Delivery Driver
lena El CG

Worked consistently with Upper Managerrent in major food accounts for retail and sake promotional distributions.
Hatred beer Pwo k@eiUn sma aren tln ie

Ordered all retail Pepsi products for major food chains in Northem New.

Aa

Obtained company based CDL (chss A) commercial driver license.

Distributed all commercial Pepsi products through bulk Truck Loads.

Educated customer service based seminars for new Pepsi employees.

Delivered all products through company brand trucking.

Company Name June 2006 to March 2008 Assistant General Manager
lena El CG

me Rentnt Pnceneend NAneen mente cette alan NA nelentien A demedinken ased nereelneern BM Ansan mncceneet,
