FITNESS DIRECTOR

Professional Profile

Dedicated business professional with over seven years of experience in marketing and customer service in the fitness industry; marketing and selling
finess services while providing exceptional customer service.

Qualifications

Successfil sales experience Creative and resourceful Exceptional problem solving ability Superior organization Strong leadership and
communication skills Project management Proficient with Microsoft Office and Outlook Ability to work ina team setting

schivor anes

Fitness Director 01/2010 to Current Company Name City , State

© Managed 20 full time staffand 40 part-time and on call staft

* Managed schedules for 10 full time and five part-time personal trainers, three nutritionists, two cardio coaches, and four Pilates trainers.
© Worked directly with sales of personal training, wellness, Pilates, group exercise services and packages to members based on the needs of
repro eae

Provided members with exceptional member service by exceeding expectations and being proactive in resolving issues and answering
questions.

Setup and managed CSI scheduling, billing, and operating software system for the fitness and wellness departrents.

Developed and created new programs to promote and market the various fitness and wellness services to increase member engagement.
Worked closely with the communications team on the various marketing outkts.

This includes creating text and forts for emuil alerts, GPX and Group Personal Training scheduks, brochures, flyers, and web content.
Developed and trained fitness, wellness, and athletic services staff on departmental processes, procedures, and standards.

Managed payroll by checking time and attendance records, entering service provider commission, and submitting payroll docurents to
payroll supervisor.

Managed Group Personal Training program scheduk, billing, and marketing materials.

Managed all fitness and wellness department billing and credits.

Helped develop, market, and host open houses for the Pilates studio and the launch of the new conditioning studio.

Assisted with phnning and hosting of annual Wellness Fair.

Handkd member complaints and worked with the members to find the best solution.

Worked with the members to determine the best program or service and pairing the member up with the appropriate service provider.
Worked directly with Membership Director to increase new member engagement by developing promotions and communications to
wekome and support all new members.

Fitness Specialist(Member Service Specialist 12/2007 to 03/2010 Company Nam City , State

CMA he cctGulitel ence oR Cec cc ume LeB Era h Rena ca cess eu CletSe

* Programs included goal setting, cardiovascular workouts, and strength training workouts to help obtain health and wellness goals.
Created and implemented programming for fitness division within the company including fitness bowls, muscle matchups, and table tennis
Tolar rss

The goal of fitness programs was to promote and educate employees on health and wellness within the corporations Vivecorp Inc.

eo irsta Coen

Oelec Pistia sae CR er BiLcOR OUCH S Tee ene hima lie comet eR i eenlnice eke ern etm

Created and implemented fitness assessment programming including four components; cardiovascular, muscular strength, flexibility, and
oLaTinoco Lee ree arene

Provided health screenings including lipid panel, glucose/choksterol, body composition, blood pressure, and bone density to corporations to
promote health and wellness.

Designed and instructed group exercise classes including x-training, circuit training, and core conditioning.

Provided members with exceptional member service by exceeding expectations, wekoming, and motivating members.

Event Managerent 1 1/2006 to 03/2008 Company Name City , State

© Organized and prepared materials for school athletic events including basketball and volleyball matches.

© Sold and distributed tickets at athletic events working within the ticket sales and will call sales offices.

© Tracked game day attendance by counting tickets prior to completion ofeach match,

© Provided extraordinary game day experience by escorting ticket holders to seats, handing out flyers, and answering questions.

brairestbeny

Master's of Business Administration (MBA) : General Management 2012 UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX City , State General Management
Bachelor of Science Degree (BS) : Exercise Science 2008 SEATTLE PACIFIC UNIVERSITY City , State Exercise Science

pinay

Volunteer for Northwest Association for Blind Athletes *4-year member of Seattle Pacific University Worren's Soccer Team *3-year member of
Student Athletic Advisory Committee at Seattle Pacific University

Additional Information

© Other Activities * Volunteer for Northwest Association for Blind Athletes *4-year member of Seattle Pacific University Women's Soccer
Team *3-year member of Student Athletic Advisory Committee at Seattle Pacific University
