OPERATIONS ASSOCIATE
Rae yen,

alg

Licensed Notary

Over 10 years experience in MS Office; Excel, Spreadsheet creation; Word - Memos, minutes, invoices; Power Point, Outlook
Asana and Basecamp Project Management

Website design and updating

Social Media management

Design experience with Photoshop and Elements

A ieekuoniqiantotnaeae ss

[Cou cea Toe Nebel eicl

I Crpectosnayanes

Event planning and execution

Work History
Operations Associate , 10/2016 to Current
Company Name

responsible for the administrative and operational tasks at HeartSpace, a retreat center in Park City, and managing executive management
ieee eliicncee ey ons a Ge rcnti om

Utilizing technology proficiently and expediently (BaseCamp, Box, MS Applications; Word, PPT, Excel, and Outlook).

Acting as the quarterback for project coordination and teanmvork.

Representing the leadership team and the company to partners, clients, and guests.

Finding new ways for to grow and flourish, and then leading those special projects with enthusiasm.

Supporting the leadership team with communication and ermail correspondence, scheduling, meeting managerrent, travel, vendor

Ls Le Ic errs UL QUa Lae oat atm

Coding expenses and ensuring they are accurate for billing.

Managing conference attendance, speaking prep, audience engagement and follow-up.

SIhenaarndsinane use

Manage vendor relationships; order swag, supplies and directing payment as needed.

Phan travel for team of 8 for conferences and consulting services offsite.

Social media manager and responsible or website updates.

Schedule team meetings through Zoom and GoToMeeting; note taking and follow up management for co-leaders of Plenty Consulting,
Event preparation and execution with high service levels.

Assistant to the Executive Director , 08/2015 to Current
Company Name

Assist the Executive Director with administrative management services.

Provide communication to all the Historic Park City merchants through various channels (ie., newsletter, emails, phone calls) including local
event information that may impact the Historic Park City area.

Coordinate special events and Main Street activities with Historic Park City merchants.

This includes communication and coordination with City staff

Plan and coordinate quarterly educational and informational events for HPCA members.

Provide communication to Historic Park City businesses regarding trash services for the Business Improverrent District (BID) and work
with City staffto evaluate the program periodically.

Update and maintain the Main Street directory map and event kiosks.

Write minutes for HPCA and Committee Meetings.

Work with the Director of Marketing to promote Historic Main Street and maintain the HPCA website.
Galimensrelstemieegucenslrnaraias

Meisha Lawson Marketing Aga,—d€oe Marketing Coordinator , 08/2015 to Current

Keep the HPCA website current regarding calendar events, member promotions, meeting notices, merchant informtion, business nding
pages and other information.

Blog updates, social media marketing and immge manipulation for HPCA, Lange Group, Gorgoza, TMI and GokminerA ¢a,—a, ¢s
Daughter.

Assist Director of Marketing with advertising campaigns, promotions and initiatives.

Event planning, permitting, management and execution for Auturm Aloft, Halloween on Main, and The Electric Parade.

Fieldhouse Manager & ZumbaA,A® Fitness Instructor , 09/2009 to 10/2014
Company Name

Provided The Fieldhouse Manager expert administrative support and created a first rate customer service experience for Fieklhouse
alec
Focused on customer relationship building and human connection with the front desk team.
