PHYSICAL THERAPY AIDE
Summary
Experienced Physical Therapist Technician in patient aide and well-being. A quick leamer capable of handling a fast-paced setting as wellas
stressful enviroment. A facility will benefit ftom my responsibk, reliable and dedicated team player approach as well as the ability to work
HME CHA Lo eencs SAC Cocco niu emichmna abet R VE PaO MCC Meno MrverelcncysstaCaul phe omlie
organization to provide great patient care as well as excellent customer service. Prior personal trainer certified in Zurba Goll, Zumba Toning and
YAN re ee

schivor anes

Physical Therapy Aide 05/2017 to 072017 Company Name City , State

© Aided the PTA's and OTA's with their patient treatment and or program.
* Transported and or escorted patients to and from the therapy room
© Assisted PTA's and OTA's with facility cleanliness and equipment maintenance.

Fitness Instructor & Trainer/ Front Desk Staff? Group X Manager 09/2009 to 07/2017 Company Name City , State

© Taught - Zumba, Zumba Toning, Zumba Gold and Zumba Kids.
© Launched "Zumba Gold" program for senior citizens 55 and older at Facility.
© Offered one-on-one fitness consultations.

© Worked to recruit new members to facility and group X classes.

© Customer service, sakes, answered phones and handled onsite daily task.

Assistant Manager 05/2000 to 05/2003 Company Name City , State

* Maintained store staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.

¢ Achieved financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.
© Identified current and fiture customer requirements by establishing a rapport with potential and actual customers to understand service
fpeeniLc tO Ce

Ensured availability of merchandise and services by approving contracts which help to maintain inventory.

Formuhted pricing policies by reviewing merchandising activities; determining additional needed sales promotion; authorizing clearance
RoVeoactvehy ia aD ce

Adiinistrative Assistant 11/1994 to 07/1996 Company Name City , State

Greeted clients, performed client outreach, and maintained updated contact information.
Streamlined incoming communications; answered and directed calls.

Made travel arrangements and create itineraries.

Managed calendars and schedules; booked and coordinated appointments.

Handked expense reporting, accounts payable/receiving, and invoice processing.

Scheduled and organized logistics for meetings.

Conducted research and compiled material for presentations, reports, and other documents.
Purchased and distributed office supplies; managed vendor relationships.

Maintained office facilities; troubleshot and diagnosed issues.

Senior Cashier 07/1993 to 08/2000 Company Nanr City , State

Supervised the performance of 10-14 employees.

Distributed cash between two to six registers.

Counted all sales, recorded merchandise, and sales receipts.

In charge of cash revenues and merchandise, including cash drops and merchandise logs.

Provided excellent customer service.

Proven ability to answer customer questions and give information regarding the business procedures and policies in an exact and customer-
fiver alVACnA

© Worked closely with Accounting Department assisting with Joss mitigation.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science : Allied Health 2020 Ashworth College

Certificate Physical Therapy Aide : Allied Health 2017 Norwalk Commumity College City , State , USA

Associate of Science : Marketing Management Bronx Community College City , State , USA

als

Accounting, accounts payable, ABC, budget, contracts, CPR certified, client, clients, excellent customer service, Customer service, training
a) CCRCHMN CNS LMAO ec certe DU UE Leesa BLN ETO RNC OM am Ne Cee seach LUM AUC Lemar eal NCcmiPU Llesth ecto yh)
Office, office, patient treatment, Physical Therapy Aide, policies, presentations, pricing, promotion, rapport, receiving, recruiting, research, sales,
scheduling, phones, therapy, travel arrangements, written communication skill.
