ACOA UNESP NY

Executive Profile

Manufacturing and Operations Executive proficient in the design and developrrent of Lean operations, processes and systems for an innovative
LED products manufacturer operating in 28 countries. Expert at constructing new facilities, integrating acquired facilities, mstallmg process
improvements, buikding high-performance teams, and automating operations to improve yield. An experienced customer service executive with a
proven record of establishing and managing first-rate highly profitable service organizations. Competencies Hard Skills Soft Skills
Strategic/Operational Business & Financial Planning Quick and fervent learner Multi-Site Operations & Productivity Enhancement Team building
and motivation International Sourcing & Supply Chain Managerent Foresighted and fastidious tactician Call center implementation &
Managerent High emotional IQ and adept commumication skills CRM impkmentations Calm and decisive under pressure Customer,
Vendor/Supplier & OEM Relationships Techmically and environmentally adaptable Budgeting (Operating/Capital) & Pricing Strategies Expert at
negotiation Costing, MargityProfit Improverrent & ROI Experienced public speaker Extensive technical acumen Rigorous work ethic & acute
problenrsolver Senior staff training and development Thought leadership

Skill Highlights

© Strategic operational business and financial planning = * Quick and fervent earner
PM Mires koraci te not hanvszonttrcci cn came WM leben ciaceteebrnatcare}
© International sourcing and supply chain management = «_- Foresighted and Fastidious tactician
© Call Center implementation and mangement OP Meretorarais@ bir ouacarrmtelt nko
COO h ol anenclteny © Calmand decisive under pressure
CEOs UMRcreurihee ow AO) CWO Neh elite) © Technically and enviromrentally adaptable
© Budgeting (Operating/capital) & pricing strategies © expert at negotiations
Pee ecshncarestsciny scesi@ ler sce pvatr ence) © Experienced public speaker
© Extensive technical acumen © Rigorous work ethics & acute problem solver
© Senior staff training and development © Thought leadership
Professional Experience

Med grec anew ingonenece’
Company Name i City , State

¢ Leads a new management team charged with tuming around and expanding the foreign operations of this LED products manufacturing
company operating in several countries throughout Europe, Latin America, Asia, the Middle East and North America.

Holds full accountability for leading 5 manufacturing operations and several distribution facilities with a $30 million R&D budget.

Works with foreign govermrent officials; negotiates/manages capital projects to $55million.

Executed a strategic manufacturing revitalization initiative which reduced the time required to bring both new and existing products to market
streamlined work processes.

Hiiserecb rat geseel eg itecuitelLenminGsneelet BR Lac un B neds recone iene len ecnnilcn

© Augmented business model by transitioning manufacturing froma cost-driven product development focus to a quality-driven operation.

Senior Director of Customer Service Apr 2004 to Apr 2008
Company Name i City , State

Dicer uis meals EOtc onus oa eRe ei eiaec iene

Impkmented Oracle CRM as leading project manager.

SCRIP AO oe A OER tllCoekccay eed lence

Exceeded revenue and profit targets on a quarterly basis.

Managed Field Service, Call Center, Technical Support, and Training departrents.

Championed full autonntion of the service department which resulted in improved customer satisfaction.
Introduced new training philosophy and oversaw implementation of World Class Training Center.
Oversaw revamp of service contribution to Product Launch, greatly improving new product performance.
Oversaw implementation of Customer Web Portal.

Oracle 11 iI store; resulted in increased parts revenue and customer satisfaction.

Senior Director of Customer Care Nov 2001 to Apr 2004
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Accountable for all aspects of Order Management which had a monthly throughput of $25 million.

Responsible for efficient delivery and installation ofall products in North America.

Facilitated creation ofa seamless quote to cash process with full implementation of Orack 11i.

Diva leecriiicobueipeuaeetRectomye cite os

Adninistered system of quality control and measurements which resulted in intemaVexternal customer satisfaction.

Led projects to setup third-party installers across country for improved coverage and expedient turnaround.

Rendered a process for realtime tracking/monitoring ofall installs.

Oversaw entire service departient upon appointment by company president.

Resulted in decreasing average call center handling time to 20 seconds or kess and improvement of customer satisfaction survey ratings to an
8.5 average ona 10 point scale.

Director of Customer Service Apr 1998 to Nov 2001
