fe)

SITE LEAD/PROCESS ANALYST

Summary

Tam seeking a position that challenges my current experience and grants the opportunity to make a measurable impact. Much of my experience is
transferable, specifically in the areas of business strategic planning, process development, problem resolution, customer service, attention to detail.
Tako look forward to further developing my skills and talents within the contest of the organization. I amaA strong planner andA problem
solver,A who readily and easily adapts to change. I work well individually or within the context of'a team, and consistently exceeds expectations.
Abk to manage multiple priorities and meet tight deadlines without compromising quality.

alg

Leadership development trainngA

Process developnent

Bank reconciliations

yay ene Computer skills
easel bool , * Microsoft office Suite
es a resolution CMe cengncuriiny
Strategic planning Ce e100 0)°9

Records Management © Regloginc
performance tracking Cer neck Oly |
ETS ece eo aa ee ESL Cees aclnd
iNcrmae a Graeme loaned CO oatan cd
Spreadsheets/Reports

All forms of communication including verbal, written and digital

Accomplishments

Hck

Wits) er ciecm elm rave nit nem

Cut operating expenses by 45 % year over year by created new workflow process that enhanced efficiency
Reduced office expenses by finding smarter solutions for vendors, suppliers and services.

Five years of training on keadership development and mentorship

Completed over 50 books on leadership, people skills and business management.

schivor anes
site lead/process analyst
City , State Company Name / Sep 2013 to Current

Developed organizational change management strategies.

Reduced organizational operating costs by 45 % by streamlining processes.

Conducted activity-based analysis of business processes and made recommendations based on the findings.

IM onisiy Re M ROUT MTom loaner ais

Draffed monthly Financial reconciliations and forecasts

Identified "bottlenecks" and implemented new and improved processes and policies.

Site E ia cHie ar emcee Sioiibes wake ieode ine Bred ani ees

Managed projects coordinated meetings and served as primary liaison between client (US Bank)A and muttipk internal groups to ensure
chrity of goals and quality and adherence to deadlines.

Tracked departrrental output.

Impkmented corrective actions.

Trained and supported users during new system impkmentations and upgrades.

Computed, recorded, and proofread data, records and reports.

Established and maintained effective communication system.

Planned, directed and monitored regulatory operations.

Ensure consistent and comprehensive investor protection.

Impknented processes to streamline workflow.

Created solutions in the areas of inventory,A production reporting, and software upgrades that Ied to system improvements and streamlined
Peccccd

Communicated with customers, employees and other individuals to answer questions and exphin information.

© Carefilly organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity.

Loan mortgage Foreclosure (Promoted) to inventory control manager.
Company Name Sep 2011 to Mar 2013

Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications.
7 Xo Wie sieeiet Enemas AIC haliis omen /aMsg ILL at aay o) eiccse
