SOCIAL MEDIA AGENT

Si

College prepared student with over three years of front line customer service experience, excellent communication skills, with strong work ethic.
Looking for opportunities in Corporate America to develop as a career professional where training, coaching, and mentoring opportunities are
availble. Teachabke and quick to Jeam taking on new roles and responsibilities with flexible schedule. *Detail and Deadline Oriented *Critical
Teh cteaasSt ree em Woe Uneecl ¢l

Highlights

Wie MaOli ena NCE ULOLE Nola an mednnl inion sM si miciomny aoe“ ny ere Mola ueteng

schivor anes

10/2015 to Current

Social Media Agent Company Narme i City , State

© Trained and work directly with MetroPCS HQ Build social media posts, advertising and promotions across social media platforms Engage
in customer service via Facebook, Facebook Latino, Twitter and Instagram Monitor online public relations and continuously send in Hot
Topics’ to create new content online Sponsorship coordinator Escalate customer concems directly to MetroPCS markets nationwide.

01/2014 to 01/2015
Customer Appreciation Team Agent Company Name i City , State

© Retention departrent for Metro PCS Cell Phone Company Inbound and outbound calls Answered customer service calls, and
escalated/supervisor calls Floor walker ina call center environment to assist traming agents Worked with upper management to ensure
appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.

© Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.

ORR Or 0c
Floor Associate Company Name 1% City , State

* Executed store initiative related to sales, service, and customer experience.

¢ Met and exceed assigned customer experience and reputation and productivity targets.
© Resolved or escalated any customer service issues.

* Responsible for display maintenance, shelf mintenance, and store housekeeping.

01/2011 to 01/2012
Front Desk Customer Service Company Name i City , State

© Face-to-face customer service General office duties Inbound and outbound calls Customer account relations Customer enrollments and
sales Accurately and efficiently completed all sales transactions.

Education

2015

Richland College

yA)

Winfreee Academy Charter School

vane

Berkner High School

etn

Bilinguat Spoken and written form English and Spanish

Skills

advertising, Avaya, call center, Cashier, content, customer satisfaction, customer service, English, General office duties, Microsoft Office Suite,
Phone System, public relations, sales, social media platfonrs, Spanish, supervisor, Phone, written
