BARTENDER (ON CALL)
Summary

Hardworking and reliable Fimess Specialist with strong ability in multitasking. Offering Basics, monitoring and providing positive energy. Highly
organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality. Enthusiastic individual with superior skills in working in both teant based and
independent capacities. Bringing strong work ethic and excellent organizational skills to any setting, Excited to begin new challenge with successfill
team Energetic group fitness instructor with strong background in HIIT, Basic Fundarrentals and Zumba instruction. Highly motivated to help
others reach health and fitness goals. Inspiring Fitness Trainer with sound BMI knowledge and comprehensive experience performing fitness
assessments. Friendly and energetic with ability to network and counsel clients on health and fitness goals.

Skills
© Phone call answering ° Fi an
© Physically strong ns .
© Communication and presentation : raneeen iat eal
© Observation * es
® Answering bound calls : 5 scaiaatl
° as Sieiausehs ead © Relationship development
aaa Celso rremreaned
© Personalized service Paneth et
© Monitoring progress nett
© Patient relationships © Problemresolution
° eis Ce ececuceseaiizalt on)
© Designing exercise programs

schivor anes

Bartender (On Call) / Company Name - City , State 08/2019 - Current

Checked identification of customers to verify age requirements needed for purchase of alcohol.

Confirmed customers’ ages for alcohol service and discontinued service to intoxicated guests.

Operated cash register and Point of Sale (POS) system for transactions and made proper change for cash transactions.
Prepared over numerous mixed drinks and poured wine, beer and nonalcoholic beverages for average of two per patron per shift.
Managed bar area, including cocktail design and menu, inventory, regulation compliance and custorrer relationships.
Engaged in small talk with patrons to build rapport and eam repeat business.

Kept close track of bar tabs and transferred open tabs to dining area seamlessly, smoothing process for wait staf.
Restocked beer and liquor on regular schedule and after special events to prepare for forecasted needs.

Stayed up-to-date on test in mixology trends, bar equipment and sanitation standards.

Stocked bar with beer, wine, liquor and related supplies.

Uren ica nuaccl HbA et LcNNceca ae mel db arco cee Oe roe icerelc ene

Monitored patrons to keep alcohol consumption in designated areas.

Advertised, marketed and recommended drink options to guests to increase guest satisfaction.

Upsold customers fromshelfto premium brands to help boost sales.

Fitness Specialist / Company Name - City , State 01/2016 - Current

Communicated with patrons in fitness floor area to build positive atmosphere and offer exercise and equipment instructions.
Greeted and assisted guests entering facility to provide general information and answer questions.

Monitored fitness floor and observed equipment use to address safety concems.

Promoted business and physical fiiness by attending off-site promotional and community events.

Attended staff meetings and training sessions to maintain updated knowledge of policies and procedures.

Inspected equipment daily to identify and report wear, damage or malfimetions.

Led tours of fitness facility by guiding interested individuak, providing information and highlighting benefits of amenities.
Devised new programs and monitored client progress.

Developed and delivered at three weekly fitness classes.

Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other gym activities to meet fitness goals.

Adrinistered various fitness assessments to measure client progress.

Re-racked weights and maintained neat, organized and ckan club.

Guided clients in safé exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.

Watched clients during exercises and assisted with exercises.

Developed routines to avoid injuries, maximize effort and facilitate client attaimment of personal fitness goals.

Server/Bartender / Company Name - City , State 06/2011 - 07/2015

* Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totab.

¢ Educated guests on daily specials and menu offerings such as appetizers, entrees and desserts.

© Satisfied customers by keeping drinks topped off and anticipating needs such as condiments and extra napkins.

* Restocked nonperishables and other items, including condiments and napkins from inventory to keep pantry well-supplied.
