MEDICAL SCRIBE
Professional Summary

To obtain a position in patient care and research that will allow continual growth of personal knowkdge, in a progressive environment that
facilitates improvements in the physical health and well being of others, and my community.

Skill Highlights
CRO srtnexon sate CRB DNS rey cclucd
¢ Understands medical procedures *- Venipuncture
¢ Medical termmology knowkdge — ¢ Laboratory procedures- microbiology, chemistry, anatomy

Professional Experience
Company Name August 2014 to Current Medical Scribe
Leanne

¢ Assist in transition to electronic medical records, essentially acting as a personal assistant to the physician; performing documentation in the
EHR, documenting information during the patient's visit, and partnering with the physician to deliver the pimack of efficient patient
care.Compkted and submitted clinical docurentation in accordance with agency guidelines.

Company Name Jamary 2013 to Current Personal Trainer
CORI

¢ Provide persomalized attention, professional instruction, and exercise programming to each client, in order to maximize their health, fitness,
and wellness goals, post-injury rehabilitation.

Company Name January 2011 to January 2014 Medical Assistant/Casting Technician
(OAR

CEP ACSS i ocineteneremucengaeiveancmneamiixeieut eto cenit aaiy

Interviews patients, measures vital signs, draws necessary blood sampks and prepares specimens for laboratory analysis.
Ensures appropriate appointments are made, schedules surgeries, and fits and applies all durable medical equipment.
Removes and re-applies surgical and non-surgical casts and splints.

This includes suture and stable removal and wound dressing.

een ETO Una ENCE ee keen i tre CRNA ORICON ete Lancess

Key Achieverrents: Maintained a consistent schedule of 100-140 patients per week.

Developed and implemented office protocol for DME ordering,

Assists in maintaining six physician schedules, averaging 110-150 patients per day.

OE edie RCH LOSE AS COE amicaleis

Company Name January 2010 to January 2011 Level 2 Personal Trainer
OAS

Provided personalized attention, professional instruction, and exercise programming to each client, in order to maximize their health, fitness,
and wellness goals while providing the highest level of customer service.

¢ Key Achieverents: Built and consistently maintained a full client base of 82 + clients and $5000.00+ in sales each month.

© Responsibk for employee training on new equipment and training methodologies.

© Designed and implemented successfill exercise and diet programs for clients, by utilizing Functional Movement Screening, specific
biomechanics, body composition, VO2 max measurements, and client's own physical ability and understanding,

Company Name Jamary 2009 to January 2010 Chiropractic Assistant
Lean

© Responsible for the administration of patient treatments, as directed by the chiropractor.

PMO) olieckireBionoc (ccs Lonmin) Ese

¢ Scheduled appointrents and recorded patient treatments.

Ce Cwatt atari

© Initiated and developed in-office exercise and strengthening program for patients.

¢ Performed cold ser treatments, electrical stimulation, and X-ray imaging and developing, in order to improve patient's relief of symptoms.

Company Name Jamary 2007 to January 2009 Fitness Manager/ Level 3 Trainer
OARS

¢ Responsible for communicating and uphoking company policies and procedures.

¢ Managed a ckan, friendly and well-maintained club.

¢ Ensured that team members consistently executed the basics in punctuality, dress code compliance, friendliness and ckanliness.
¢ Hired, trained, and developed a strong team of Personal Trainers.

¢ Responsibk for the successful attainment of department targets, including revenue and member retention.
