SENIOR EXERCISE SPECIALIST & SPORTS AND RECREATION COORDINATOR

Summary

Pursuing project management work, I will leverage my ten years of professional experience and coordination skills towards growing the company.
T thrive in fast-paced environments and seek to constantly raise the level of performance and organizational excellence.

Highlights

Project Manager, Enthusiastic, Driven, Microsoft Office Proficient, Organized, and
Committed to Excellence MS Office and Project

SETS CCRC OTTER Ean Uned

Exceptional communication skills

morarecemugeaiiieceeccersesiiesieeg

Probkm solver

Excellent leadership and interpersonal abilities

Adaptable

Resourcefil and able to network for shared knowledge

schivor anes
Senior Exercise Specialist & Sports and Recreation Coordinator

Coordinated the redesign and grand re-opening of the corporate health facility, ensuring seamiess integration of new equipment and layout.
Planned and scheduled rollout of new fitness classes.

Directed members during grand re-opening day and represented the fitness center as a new and improved site of service.

Held post-project meeting reviewing status of the site remodel, discussing lessons keamed, and getting feedback from team members.
Designed floor layout using CAD drawing,

Supervised new hires and interns.

Quickly grew in coordinatory responsibilities within one year of hire.

(Cran Cine @ ice nem aonb aries em Iara ene Lea

Met regularly with direct management and stakeholders (via in-person meetings, conference calls, or webinars) to oversee smooth daily
Cre rive RU snlismng cece

Beets cinenctbrrectic in ace

© Coordinated and participated in special events such as sport toumaments, scavenger hunts and facility remodel, creating an atmosphere of

oo)isineliven eine ctie la

Through role definition and teamwork, publicized new programs, such as sports and recreation rollout and availability of new classes
ie ea brane nes nila hem

Marketed sports and recreation program through flyers, digital notices and social corporate media.

Launched successfil pilot sports and recreation program in line with organizational expectations.

Establish and scheduled recreational fitness activities such as fitness challenges, workshops, team building and sports tournaments.

Led workshops on health and wellness topics such as posture, nutrition, and exercise.

Proactively research new ways to improve recreation, health and wellness opportunities offered at the fimess center, and inform Safeway
corporate employees of them

Plan and execute fitness programs.

Impkmented various sport and recreational leagues, both complimentary and fee-based.

Collected and kept records of fess for teamapparel, kague costs and facility equipment.

Monitor and track clients' progress and engagement in programs.

Procured fitness equipment needed to operate the fitness center.

Networked with representatives from vendors and other Plus One sites to acquire fitness materials and discuss industry trends.

Worked independently with vendors for purchase orders.

Work closely with all stakeholders on each project through phases of fitness equipment sourcing and procurement, and design development
Piemucnlieeme does eta

Conducted quote gathering, purchase order development and administration, and invoice processing,

© Maintained expense reports.
® Started up Safeway's sports and recreation program, designed to promote team building, camaraderie, and healthy lifestyles through

physical activity.
Play integral rok: in successfully driving small group and personal training sales by performing fitness assessments, coordinating group.

Senior Specialist & Coordinator 07/2013 to Current Company Nar City , State
Fitness Strategy Specialist 03/2011 to 02/2013 Company Name City , State

Played integral rok in successfully establishing a new hospital affiliated wellness facility.

Ensured smoothness of grand opening and helped create a positive identity for the wellness center.

Designed and documented fitness goals and programs for special populations including diabetics, elderly, obese, cancer survivors,
sedentary, and other high-risk groups.

Tracked improvements and delivered progress reports for participants.

Worked extensively with senior citizen clientele, rehabilitated knee and hip replacerrent patients, and performed health risk assessments for
new members, and provided personal one-on-one health consultation.

Provided instruction in multiple formats, including cardiorespiratory,specialty, strength and endurance training, resistance training, plyometric
