FITNESS STAFF
[Oouw reels
Tcarry a positive attitude while interacting with people. Hard-working, friendly and energetic with five years of experience in customer/patient care.
Motivated to help and care for others needs. I amahvays interested in expanding my knowledge in new working environments.
Core Qualifications
Cee BeantCeorcsiac|
PEO US bonie.Vecco cM Uinon ries aienedierl aang
© Personabke and friendly © Great Communication Skills
Ce eserelicile) c} e Fast Leamer
© Dedicated

Education and Training

High Schoo! Diplo : 2010 Esperanza High School it City , State

Regestered Dental Assistant License : Registered Dental Assistant , 2011 UEI Colkege 1% City , State
Personal Training Certification : Personal Training , 2016 NAFC 14 City , State

Aug oanan at acs

Fitness Staff

March 2016 to Current Company Nan i City , State

© Established and maintained effective communication with members

Maintained an organized work area

Contributed to the operation ofa clean, friendly and well maintained health club.
Re-racked weights to maintain a neat, organized and clean club.

Worked with customer service to resolve issues.

Handked account balances and information

sAleLeeclonneecbineltinecs

Receptionist/ Office Clerk
October 2014 to March 2016 Company Name i City , State

CPU ce biremiaiscnt bree riincahepeltceiecaesliORwin Manes pnceeul tlle) eccst hace
* Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including organizing work stations and filing paper work.
¢ Handling and securing personal informtion for credit reports and financing,

© Communicated clear requirements for finance approval.

* Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.
Registered Dental Assistant

September 2011 to Septerrber 2014 Company Name 1 City , State

Politely answered phones and scheduled or confirmed office appointments and surgeries.

Set up examination room and dental trays in preparation for exarrinations and procedures.
Successfillly assisted the dentist by performing four-handed dentistry and other chair-side duties.
Completed patient paperwork and scanned into Dentrix system

Alerted other staff when patients arrived and prepared records for dentist review.

Accurately recorded treatment informtion in patient records.

Educated patients about proper oral hygiene and plaque control procedures.

AN heer ed eco vAUligienetce oc Qiemenancri eR ameanripceentinicecs

Diligently cleaned instruments and work areas in accordance with sterilization and disinfectant protocol.
Maintained ckar, organized and clean work environment.

alg

Proper telephone etiquette
Ecol eMOU erie be Rally
Works well under pressure
Filing and data archiving
Strong interpersonal skills
Self-sufficient and confident
ov) cmerentee

Organized

PN itinbeersny etna

First Aid and CPR Certified
