INTERN
Summary

Motivated, responsible Personal Trainer with extensive training in fitness, nutrition and health education.

Perentens

CPR and First Aid certified
Lifeguard training

Fitness equipment operation

Body Mass Index (BMI) knowkdge
Fitness assessments
[Otsiipueeaice
DBis(oesrtretneee de osh me carl ec em shi IN
Excelent saks skills

ABiueCaeseteetneee an Hn TeTi at Coreta
AED certification

Fitness equipment expertise

schivor anes
Tntem 03/2013 to 10/2013 Company Name

Develop or coordinate fitness and wellness programs or services.

Supervise finess or wellness workers, such as fitness instructors, recreation workers, nutritionists, and health educators.

[Or Pmee celine ieee wake mCC rete Om oleecce Ine BlluecoRiGl im

Develop fitness or wellness classes, such as yoga, aerobics, weightlifting, and aquatics, ensuring a diversity of class offerings.

Maintain wellness- and fitness-related schedules, records, or reports.

Manage or oversee fitness or recreation facilities, ensuring safe and clean facilities and equipment.

Operate, and instruct others in, proper operation of fitness equipment, such as weight machines, exercise bicycles, benches, hand weights,
Bier ocean ea ce

Organize and oversee health screenings, such as flu, mammography, blood pressure, and cholesterol screenings.

Teach fitness classes to improve strength, flexibility, cardiovascular conditioning, or general fitness of participants.

Maintain or arrange for maintenance of fitness equipment or facilities.

Track attendance, participation, or performance data related to wellness events.

Observe participants and inform them of corrective measures necessary for skill improverrent.

Instruct participants in maintaining exertion levels to maximize benefits from exercise routines.

Offer alternatives during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness.

Plan routines, choose appropriate music, and choose different movements for each set of muscles, depending on participants' capabilities
Elves nee t oem

Teach proper breathing techniques used during physical exertion.

Evaluate individuals' abilities, needs, and physical conditions, and develop suitable training programs to meet any special requirements.
Monitor participants’ progress and adapt programs as needed.

Exphin and enforce safety rules and regulations governing sports, recreational activities, and the use of exercise equipment.

Advise clients about proper clothing and shoes.

Maintain fimess equipment.

Teach and demonstrate use of gymmastic and training equipment such as trampolines and weights.

Plan physical education programs to promote development of participants’ physical attributes and social skills.

Fitness Specialist 11/2012 to 10/2013 Company Name

Manage or oversee fitness or recreation facilities, ensuring safe and clean facilities and equipment.

Operate, and instruct others in, proper operation of fitness equipment, such as weight machines, exercise bicycles, benches, hand weights,
Bier ocean ea ce

Maintain or arrange for maintenance of fitness equipment or facilities.

Sports Recreational Assistant 11/2012 to 10/2013

Greet new arrivals to activities, introducing them to other participants, exphining facility rules, and encouraging participation.
Officiate at sporting events, games, or competitions, to maintain standards of play and to ensure that game rules are observed.
Judge performances in sporting competitions in order to award points, impose scoring penalties, and determine results.

Inspect sporting equipment and/or examine participants in order to ensure compliance with event and safety regulations.

Keep track of event times, including race times and elapsed time during gare segments, starting or stopping play when necessary.
Signal participants or other officials to nmke them aware of infractions or to otherwise regulate play or competition.

Verify scoring cakcultions before competition winners are announced.

Resolve chins of rule infractions or comphints by participants and assess any necessary penalties, according to regulations.

Start races and competitions.

Teach and exphin the rules and regulations governing a specific sport.
