YOGA INSTRUCTOR
Professional Profile

Enthusiastic and motivated individual with experience in development and integration of wellness programs for adults. Topics of expertise include
exercise prescription and instruction, stress reduction, and nutrition education. Desires a rok to develop, implement, and facilitate health and
Wellness prograrrs ina worksite environment.

Relevant Experience
Fitness and Exercise Professional:

¢ Registered Yoga Teacher focused on adults looking to improve health.

Coho Pisa esed ecm UOC mvednauairene

© Personal Trainer for 2 years, with emphasis on functional movernents for lifestyle and weight loss.
Oe ere UCU oye ene io aam Ome er Rl nese tech ance

Nutrition Educator:

¢ Designed and implemented nutrition education seminars for adults.

Ce Ciuc conmoceolipomairenteunncs limite sigere sccm

© Taught basic nutrient fimdamentals,, including how to read a food label.
© Developed 8 week challenge with focus on weight loss and wellness.
¢ College Nutrition Adjunct Teacher for 2 years.

a anode nw.

* Co-Coordinator for community 8 week weight loss program conducted 3-4 times per yearA

PEE OeepcBesi eile cn iamareieaelling@ncts\reme lances

¢ Provided guidance for clients in the development ofand following through with health and wellness goals and objectives.
© Commumicated with clients face-to-face, through ermil, and telephone to provide guidance and motivation.

I
Outdoor Adventure Group Coordinator and Chair:
¢ Responsibk for promoting and leading monthly group outdoor activities such as hiking, paddle boarding, and biking.

Mond ecranacd
POusicursos
January 2015 to Current Company Nanr i’ City , State

¢ Teaching yoga classes for adults with emphasis on fictional fitness for lifestyle.
¢ Established fort which includes strength, balance, flexibility, range of motion, and stress reduction.

Program Co-coordinator and Coach; Fitness Instructor (Independent)
April 2011 to August 2014 Company Name i% City , State

Co-Coordinated and Coached for "Building Better Bodeez'' weight loss/vellness program (BBB).

Developed, promoted, and implemented "Nutrition Challenge" program

Created the Nutrition Connection Office.

Collaborated with community health and fitness professionals in developing events for community.

Performed and evaluated fitness assessments and body composition measurements.

Taught weekly fimess classes (Zumba, Spinning, Yoga, Strengtl/Toning, Aqua Fitness)

Colkborated with team of coaches and instructors to provide current and science based fitness and nutrition information for clients
Led senior specific fitness and nutrition meetings and events "Bodeez Boomers Club"

Developed and chaired outdoor adventure group.

Tt Ee oneeeres isla
June 2009 to April 2011 Company Narre 1% City , State

PUL cE mit arc Co a Cus PR En ECan oer acc ee

Tailored educational curriculum to students with a range of kaming stykes, disabilities, strengths, and weaknesses.
Pt emirate Roonodachene kis iP atieya ited

Produced and maintained syllabus, lessons, and grades utilizing web-based leaming management.

Attended quarterly education meetings for faculty.
