RECEPTIONIST AND VETERINARY TECHNICIAN
Summary
Dedicated and focused Office Administrator who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve

project goals. Secking a role of increased responsibility and authority. Receptionist who answers a high volume of incoming calls while handling in-
person inquiries from clients and colleagues. Flexible and hardworking with the drive to succeed.

Perentens

Microsoft Office proficiency
Excel spreadsheets
Meticulous attention to detail
SelF-directed

Time management
Professional and mature
Strong problem solver
Resourcefill

Cay luca
e
DDcsreslookeclirpe aie :
e
°

Deg taney:

Power Point proficiency

folie a cpLcing

iirc e cocci

Dedicated with a reputation for consistently going beyond what is required

Strong interpersonal skills
Understands grammar
Proofreading
QuickBooks expert
AR/AP

Medical terminology
Mail management

Ryo leehacay

schivor anes
Receptionist and Veterinary Technician
June 2007 to September 2014 Company Name i'4 City , State

Scheduled surgeries and routine appointments

Drew blood samples

Developed X-rays

Managed inventory and documentation

Ordered medical supplies and animal food

PCr ates Ruel Lem i etLecltomlece ag orci cel ale (csi
FCO Cem ET sceneces ean acl aan

Administrative Specialist and Personal Assistant
May 2013 to December 2013 Company Name i City , State

General administrative responsibilities included coordination of calendars (scheduled and coordinated arrangements for meetings, anticipated
conflicts and needs), processed expense reports, and regular communications for cross-finctional departments.

Provided systems support, establishing appropriate documentation and tracking of business processes include budget reports, and updating
church members on New Songs custom computer program, CCB

Demonstrated excellent knowledge of skills with specific and commonly used office software (e.g, MS Office, Excel, and Power Point),
expert knowledge of New Song Community Church's specific processes (e.g.,CCB.), and kept current on all training and upgrades.

© Created muil distribution process and maintained on a daily basis

Used appropriate discretion in the management of information and managed confidential New Song Community Church's information ina
professional manner.

Balanced tasks, activities, and productively set priorities of projects in conjunction with pastor's needs.

Understood the strategic business objectives of Assimilation within the church including managers and staffto execute appropriate
administrative tasks to accomplish business objectives productively.

Created and maintained spreadsheets to accurately track expenditures by project.

Adiministrative Executive and Accountant
February 2013 to December 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Provided excellent customer service to clients.

Provided assistance to staff by performing general office work such as filing, scanning, printing and invoice processing,
Prepared invoices, billed clients, and initiated payment plans if necessary.

Provided constant telephone, in-person, and e-mail contact with customers.

Responsible for managing the office (answered phones, filed, prepared monthly financial reports and financial analysis, etc.).
Presented quotes to customers for communication services

Accountable for cash transactions, and balance incoming revenue on a daily basis.

Managed accounts receivable and accounts payable by the use of Quicken Books.
