REHABILITATION SPECIALIST / MASSAGE THERAPIST
Career Focus

To obtain admittance into the Masters of Science in Health Science and Rehabilitation programat Rocky Mountain University.

brairestbeny
Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork , 2013 Nevada School of Massage Therapy 1 City , State

4.0 GPA

Bachelor of Science : Human Performance , 2012 Florida Gulf Coast University is City , State

Ekcted as Student Govermrent Senator for the College of Health Professions.
Selected to Omicron Delta Kappa National Leadership honor society

Vice President of Sigma Phi Epsilon Fratemity.

Human Performance Student Association Event Planner

alg

© Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Word, Excel)

© Distant learning education

© Time mangerent

© Website Developrent

Professional Experience

Ora Telbe es} Kaesice Mun aeMMbecl ecg

December 2014 to Current Company Name i City , State

© Privately owned Rehabilitation and Strength & Conditioning center.

¢ Work closely with owner and head Chiropractor for movement screening and rehabilitation treatrents.

© Responsibilities include providing members with personal training, group fitness classes, massage therapy, movement assessment, and
rehabilitation.

CU cae eueCec eg ice anraterslyOMaielmcemc mene canis grat one ehiatieiaciarec ts

© Proficient with Move to Perform software for FMS and rehabilitation.

Oe ginecw iced
May 2012 to Current Company Name iA City , State

© Teach Aqua Bootcamp and Aqua Aerobics
© Primary focus of chsses is to increase strength and endurance with added mobility framework for each class.
* Average chss size is 20-30 members.

Strength Coach/Massage Therapist
REI gal CARO Tara aoe clan ti cht A OLN mEClT| Ce

© Contracted personal trainer at Las Vegas Athletic Clubs.

© Work with an average of 25 clients per week.

© Primary focus is movement restoration, fimctional training, weight loss, and massage therapy.
© Manage and organize all business operations.

lees yetriag
REI gal CARO Tara aoe clan ti cht A OLN mEClT| Ce

© Extraordinary Trainers is a health and wellness network organization made up of fitness and medical professionals in Las Vegas dedicated to
providing top quality care to the community. Our team includes Personal Trainers, Chiropractors, Physical Therapists, Massage Therapists,
Registered Dietitians, and Health Coaches. Utilizing a team approach, we are abk to ensure that our clients get the treatment they deserve
whik every professionals remains in their scope of practice. We conduct weekly meetings for networking and building private business
TUCO TE SD Cs LAO
HPineconsrensicts
January 2013 to December 2013 Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Worked with SPRI at conventions such as IHRSA, Club Industry, and Interbike in Las Vegas.
CM Ssrescemllcrlocr elec gd leornelacmieccaneinlal ema aiosi nl etnetatb ela iaistinuccaatie ecm

Wellness Coach
