AVID TUTOR

Core Qualifications
Cir atenticrneme late aii "
* Goal setting and impkmentation : Heelan
- ca]
aia ae erence
© Group instruction Aen

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Arts , Human Services and Counseling 2008 Lindsey Wilson College i City , State , USA

Hummn Services and Counseling

Aug oanan at acs
AVID Tutor Aug 2011 to May 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Took an active role in developing the academic and personal strengths of AVID students.

Served as a role model/rentor to AVID students by being a lifelong kamer, demonstrating appropriate academic and social behaviors.
Determined ifconcepts needed to be taught or retaught from student's notes and discussions.

Evaluated student binders, including calendars, class and textbook notes, etc.

Conducted mini-lessons in the process of writing in all subject areas, study skill, and other aspects of college preparation.

Set an example of personal excellence and high expectations for AVID students to follow.

Communicate frequently and honestly with the AVID coordinator/teacher regarding student progress and areas of concem.

Certified Nursing Assistant Feb 2011 to May 2011
Company Name i City , State

CU dey locke coer eg iber cm Wlnme olen ye a heMme eco licam esl fine em

* Assisted with serving meals, feeding patients as necessary; ambulating, tuming, and positioning patients; providing fresh water and
nourishment between meals.

© Provides adjunct care by administering, non sterile dressings, surgical preps, ice packs, and heat treatments, Maintains patient stability by
checking vital signs and weight.

© Provided patient comfort by utilizing resources and muterials; answering patients’ call lights and requests; reporting observations of the
PLLC aOR ics eesn aR cel

Pee Deetiunceut emcee clea erm Se OM Lome ous ce

Substitute Teacher Dec 2008 to May 2011
Company Name i City , State

© Assumed all duties of the regular chssroom teacher promptly and in accordance with school ruks.

© This included bus, lunchroom, playground, hall duty or other duties assigned by the building principal.
* Follow the instructions left by the teacher.

© Maintained normal classroom routines and discipline procedures.

© Maintain a positive keaming atmosphere in the classroom

Practicum Student Aug 2008 to Dee 2008
Company Name i City , State

* Planned projects and outings for youth in foster care.
© Coordinated and ran group sessions for adolescent girls.

© Helped maintain foster parent and foster child files.

PEN Moet Miele Rien @meitliceninclbaiaaiciteic

Ce tacts neo io ew b@uccsialoecmihe berielcm
Assistant to Schoo! Counselor/Practicum Student Jan 2008 to May 2008
Company Name i City , State

© Shadowed the school guidance counselor in the chssrooms.

© Planned daily Guidance lessons for multiple grade levels.

© Taught daily guidance lessons to multiple grade levels.

* Observed the counselor during counseling sessions with parents and chikdren.

Office Manager Fitness Instructor Oct 2004 to Dec 2007
Company Name i City , State

¢ Office administrator to the Fitness Instructor
