ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE ASSISTANT

schivor anes

AU RE @tacans

Administrative Office Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

* Provide customer service, Schedule appointments, and additional duties as needed.

01/2015 to 01/2016
Occ Ooo OO NANTON MESH LG

CR ese Nitieke ROMP Mem TTL MIL eR cee tSlelib a

07/2009 to Current
Adjunct Faculty Company Name 1% City , State

© Lecture and commumicate effectively with students from diverse backgrounds.

© Initiate thought-provoking discussions to help students build their critical thinking skills and translate their academic interests into the real
Areas

® Maintain an undergraduate teaching load of 3-5 courses each semester to include Medical Terminology, Worren's Health, Stress
Managenent, Hurmn Sexuality, Nutrition Concepts, Personal Fitness/Wellness, Student Development.

FAV Sek @racanis
Substitute Teacher Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Adapt to variety of lesson plans to cover subject areas in grades K-12.

07/2005 to 08/2008
Fitness/Wellness Coordinator Company Name i City , State

* Interview, hire, train, schedule, and evaluate group fitness instructors.

Maintain and manage fitness rooms and equipment.

BSiuitesl@esyyce la

Navigate and use Class Track to provide access to specialty fitness classes.
Organize and maintain employee records and CPR/Fisst Aid certifications.

(Xena renin eiebenorhe secures

Execute On-campus incentive program (FITRaider&RaiderXcape).

Coordinate and assist with special events (Le., Fitness Xtravaganza, Tech Well, etc).
Rename and brand fitness program (RaiderX and X2).

Develop and manage Better U (yoga and pilates) personal training program.
Collaborate with other departments on campus for various wellness activities (Amazing Spring Break Race, Akcohol Awareness Week,
(oy

« Advise student supervisor for group fitness and special events.

© Lead Teen Raider Fitness Xperience.

01/2001 to 01/2002
Inte Company Name 14 City , State

Assist with development of group fitness department upon opening of facility.
Order fitness equipment.

Interview, hire, and train fitness instructors.

Coordinate monthly finess class schedule.

© Organize the BodyPump program hunch.

01/2000 to 01/2005
Group Fitness Instructor Company Name i City , State

© Instruct weekly fitness classes to a variety of ages and levels.

01/1999 to 01/2005
Group Fitness Instructor & Personal Trainer Company Name i City , State

© Educate patrons on benefits of healthy living by preparing informational bulletin boards.

© Organize and participate in special events (Partner Yoga, Survivor Challenge, Fitness Challenge, Tech's Largest Boxing/Acrobics/Water
Aerobics, Resident Hall Events, Fitness Around the Work).

* Instruct students and faculty in a variety of fitness classes to include: Yoga, Pilates, Step, Cardioboxing, Group Weight Training, Abs, Hi/Lo,
Pre/Post-natal, Sculpting, Circuit Training, Cycling, Yogilates, Water Fitness, Ten Weeks to Health, YogaFusion, Nutrition Mondays,
Partner Yoga/Couple's Massage, Making Yoga WORK in your Day.

Paco ere ka lirsnen teenies
