PROFESSIONAL FITNESS TRAINER, GROUP INSTRUCTOR

Professional Summary

My professional experience includes:

ae

Professional Fitness TrainerA requiring leadership and exceptional people skills. Certified by the National Exercise and Sports Training
Association (NESTA) and certified TRX trainer and Keitlebell trainer. Versed in various strength, agility group and private training sessions as well
Buea va a bly en SS eicr na Nn fest] Noe

Oliredantcor Mredinanmiscnenterarorent yt Se em ca aT TOM Maree tee NOS em Sec Tnced alii slrerte
skills, accounting, product sales and inventory and creating a caring and friendly environment are some of the skills involved on a daily basis.
Ga Mer aU as LER te EResCitag pee enn ee trustworthiness are important skills necessary to be
Erect Specializing in Deep Tissue, Sports, and Swedish ed

Membership Varennys with management experience in organizing, Dea facilitating Memberships for members of the YMCA.A
Restaurant Hostess A with skills including phones, reservations and customer service.

schivor anes

Professional Fitness Trainer, Group Instructor

February 2015 to Current Company Name iA City , State

© My current employment at Wellfit Malibu as a Fitness Professional I kead group and private classes.

© Chases at Wellfit Malibu include HiT (High Intensity Interval Training, Strength Training, Kick boxing, Circuit Training, Plyometries and
Agility Training, Aqua Fitness and Restorative Stretch classes.

© Tamakso responsible for administering the guests Test In and Test Outs using our InBody machine which records their body fat percentage,

kan muscle mass, water levels, etc..

I take their measurements and exphin their results to them for their fiture use in their fitness and nutrition journey.

For those looking for a more in depth look at their fitness levels I can give themaVO2 Max and/or RMR testing at Wellfit Malibu,

Most ofall I enjoy helping and watching our guests transform physically, emotionally and spiritually right before my eyes.

Soo neRuris ess ccurccrr RU LCmiLagcancnrooniay cai tielvemiratineRMurainlea anys niaelealanneg nt

themselves and their abilities.

Manager/Certified Personal Trainer
OO ome aE OOH a aGr rena Nbr LONE e

© I currently work part time as an Office Manager and Professional Fitness Trainer which is both challenging and rewarding,

* My daily responsibilities as an Office Manager include; answering the phones, scheduling appointrents for our Chiropractors, Physical
Therapists, Massage Therapists, our Acupuncturist, our Skin Specialist and my own clients for Fitness Training,

T amalso required to keep the office accounting and insurance billing up to date.

I order, label, sell and stock retail products as well as keep the office clean and efficient at all times.

My goal is to provide a smooth ruming and well-balanced environment for both the patients and employees.

Asa certified fimess trainer my expertise has evolved by working with all different types of peopk; the young, the elderly, the weak, the
strong, the couch potato, the professional athlete, the stay at home mom/dad, the workaholic, the rich and famous and the down to earth, all
who have a sintlar goal in mind - Strength and fitness for a healthy lifestyle.

I developed ofa beach workout called "Beach Plyo" which incorporates cardio, plyometric training, endurance, strength training and
coordination. A It is a total body workout in the soft sand which utilizes weighted balls, hurdles, ladders, plyometric jump boxes, exercise
bands, ete..A It is an intense class for those seeking something off the main grid and want a bit ofa challenge.

T have ako developed specific programs for the eklerly so that they stay mentally and physically fit therefore preventing injury and/or illness.
¢ In geriatric training there are two main focuses: Balance/Gait and muscle development.

Through exercise routines consisting of standing balancing exercises, vision exercises, water therapy, walking, stationary cycling, yoga,
pilates, tai chi and basic strength exercises they can accomplish increased musckeA strength, bone strength and their ability to walk and
move,

By keeping them active and physically strong improves their overall quality of life.

Thave ako taught, coached and trained young children and teenagers in specific sports as well as for overall fitmess.

T have coached kids in track and field, soccer, softball, swimming and cross country.

sO idlvctain sl ckevs mauties anak ccc

Tone pinslealNe OB Cooeklbanberelicce Rien ae ncais em

It is incredibly rewarding to watch them reaching goals they never thought was possible.

Being a fitness trainer allows me to share my knowledge and experience with others and it also keeps me focused, balanced and organized.
T have chosen an overall healthy lifestyle that I believe is inspirational to those I train plus it gives me the energy I need to give them my
Bloke) ken rel

Celebrity Personal Training Clients include:

Patrick and Jillian Dempsey (Professional Actor & Make-up Artist to the Stars)

Cher (Professional Singer, Actress, Director, Producer)

Lori Stark (Owner and Creator of Chrome Hearts Jewelry and Apparel)

Navi Rawat (Professional Actress)

David Ellis (Director, Producer and Professional Stuntman)

Greer Grammer (Professional Actress, Miss Golden Globe 2015, Daughter of Kelsey Grammer)

Kenny G (World Chass Saxaphone Performer).
