pI BEIT

BS ania}

Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. Social Media: Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram
schivor anes

January 2016

to

May 2016

a taices)

© Create and implerent strength and conditioning workouts for spring season.

© Monitor weight lifting form and technique.

* Provide feedback and apply knowledge to strength training and conditioning prograns.
© Organize and prepare equipment daily for strength and conditioning programs.

August 2015

to

December 2015

Company Name City , State Fitness Intem

© Exposed to daily routine of fitness specialist and client interaction Conducted one-on-one orientation for new members and instructed in the
proper use of equipment Assisted with revising programs offered to incorporate updated topics Created bulletin boards for Member-of-the-
Month Provided complirentary body measurements Maintained facility and equipment according to health and safety standards.

August 2013

to

May 2016

[Oo ANE LO AES OCRS ECan meCcICTI

© Utilize Front Rush website to enter football and lacrosse recruit and roster information.
© Organize and coordinate football recruiting events during the fall, including giving tours.
* Provide office support for football and lacrosse coaches.

¢ Restock office and break room supplies.

May 2013

to

December 2015

Company Name City , State

© Individually standardized jelly and ice cream topping batches (checked pH, temperature, and consistency).
© Trained in operation and safety ofa stand up and sit down forklift.

* Consistently met quotas when packed jelly, syrup, ice cream toppings and phate scapers into boxes.

© Operated hbel machine allowing for continual operation and upkeep.

brairestbeny

May 2016

BALDWIN WALLACE UNIVERSITY City , State Bachelor of Arts : Exercise Science Orthopedic Assessment and Treatment Health
Promotion and Education Exercise Science Orthopedic Assessment and Treatment Health Promotion and Education BW Deans Award, Spring
2014 and 2015

RELATED BALDWIN WALLACE UNIVERSITY City , State

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Pre- Physical Therapy and Exercise Science Club ACTIVITIES Executive Member: CRU - Christian Organization Member: Phi Mu, Delta Iota
Fraternity

Skills

client interaction, forklift, health and safety standards, Excel, office, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, recruiting, safety, website
