OWNER/OPERATOR
Summary
Business development expert and top sales performer with 12+ years experience in Texas, California, and Oklahoma markets. Comfortable with

new ideas, innovative products and start-up environments. Equipped with excellent negotiation skills, market insight and business acumen
necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success.

Highlights
Se Een Sr 211 2 ae ‘Top-ranked sakes executive
i, i ReuUeta © New programand promotion implementation
, cae ann ean © Consultative sales techniques
i Y © Strong lead developrrent skills

© Adept multi-tasker
Accomplishments

© Surpassed all sales goals by 25+% in three regions.

© Developed highly effective sales training strategies.

© Established new company-wide policies and procedures, which resulted in increased revenue sales.

© Increased year-over-year sakes by 10+% in every position hed,

© Prepared complex financial statements, and interim/annual reports for retail and service businesses.

© Created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales, resulting in 66% increase in annual sales.

schivor anes
06/2011 to Current
Owner/Operator Company Name i City , State

¢ Developed new customer base and generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.
© Managed budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.

* Cold and warmcalled 100 new and existing accounts per day.

¢ Planned, organized and oversaw daily activities of multiple production crews.

OAC eR ere 8

General Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Impkmented business-buikling and relationship-building expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers.
Led sakes calls with team members to establish sales and customer retention goals.

Hired and trained all sales staff for new store location.

Generated monthly and annual sales reports.

© Created and directed sales team training and developrrent programs.

WU SR eb)
Vice President of Sakes Company Name it City , State

© Accountable for all company-wide sales including overall customer satisfaction.
* Created and directed sales team training and developrrent prograns..

© Monitored customer preferences to determine focus ofsales efforts.

© Determined merchandise price schedules and discount rates.

* Developed and directed strategy for launch of new product.

¢ Increased membership base by 30%.

SPUR e200
Vice President of Saks & Operations Company Name 14 City , State

* Accountable for sakes and retention including overall customer satisfaction.

© Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of new product line and sales strategies.
© Delivered performance updates, quarterly business reviews and planning meetings.

© Planned strategic brand-buikling events to expand the product portfolio.

© Identified, coordinated and participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings.

¢ Increased sales production 50% and reduced attrition rate by 8%.

PPR OME TPAUh
Area Manager Company Name 14 City , State

* Defined strategy and business plan for multiple locations.
¢ Directed strategic initiatives to achieve company goak.
