ADVOCARE DISTRIBUTOR
Executive Summary

Experienced, energetic Personal Trainer and former college/professional athlete with over 20 years conducting group and one-on-one training
sessions in large gyms, as well as smuill finess studios. Specializing in strength and conditioning, flexibility training, finess program design with
advanced training in metabolic testing, nutrition and weight management consulting, Formal training in the health and fitness fickl of business
development and leadership training. Extensive sales and customer service experience.

Core Qualifications
, © Operations management
°F anne ¢ Staff development
PME orumeeancail © Inventory control
Sener ete g gc) se 6: ae ane een
© Fitness equipment operation - arate P
. Senior fitness programming . Supervision and training
© Weight management expert rent
© CPRand First Aid certified reer ray en
© Excellent sales skills . Project ped rent
i" SR le © Performance tracking and evaluation
CPS Lecce yKuurtie ines ees icd © Team buidine
ca]
Professional Experience
PC Wecsea ule tivey

AM VACRGIi ona Geren eh nl LOIN MaCI Hc)

Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies. Contacted new and existing customers to discuss
how specific products could meet their needs. Answered customer questions regarding products, prices and availability.Generated new sales
opportunities through direct and telephone selling and emuils.

Asst. Personal Trainer Manager
July 2009 to May 2012 Company Name 14 City , State

Contributed to a 75% increase in sales for the personal training department. Contributed to the operation ofa clean, friendly and well maintained
health club. Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client. Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and
other activities in the gym to meet fitness goals. Carefilly evaluated member needs and assisted them in achieving personal fitness goals. Arrived on
time, prepared and attentive for every training appointment. Met minimum monthly revenue, service and customer satisfaction goals. Re-racked
weights to maintain a neat, organized and clean club. Mediated club employee relations matters for all club fitness employees. Led clients and
groups ofall ages through personal workouts and skill development training. Administered fitness assessments, which included the seven point
skin-fold body fat measurements, blood pressure and treadmill tests. Counseled clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits.

Asst. Manager/Personal Trainer
RENT wAUCR ORG aa PAR Oe i aN RAO NMmESCL

Managed team of 12 of professionals. Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters. Met minimum monthly revenve, service and customer
satisfaction goals. Devised and announced new classes and distributed guest passes to market the club. Led weekly meetings to review
performance and offer direction, motivation and guidance toward achieving individual and facility goals. Mediated club employee relations matters
for all club finess employees. Regularly trained staffon fitness industry updates and coached personal trainers on professional conduct.
Contributed to the operation ofa clean, friendly and well maintained health club.

General Manager Personal Training/Personal Trainer
January 2004 to January 2006 Company Name i City , State

Earmed the Personal Trainer of the Month Award 5 consecutive months for most revenue earned each month. Monitored 30,000.00 project
budgets each month. Mentored, coached and trained 8 team members. Recruited, hired and trained 4 new employees for sales and personal
training, Guided clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations. Participated in club promotions to recruit new
members and increase club sales. Led weekly meetings to review performance and offer direction, motivation and guidance toward achieving
individual and facility goals.

brairestbeny
rote oe Ronee Grind Rt cme eRe TUE OrT Coie \ee On nons Net ON MENC Co

Coursework in Communications, Criminal Law and Public Administration, Coursework in Sociology and Psychology, Coursework in Juvenile
Justice and Deviance in Society

Affiliations
Collegiate Football 4year-Letterman, Men's Collegiate Basketball Team 2year -Letterman, Acrobics and Fitness Association of Amcrica(AFAA)
