ahaa

es gil

ITI Cenieb ecccnirerir Rat erin yen anes Brectete sid uted experience in the fitness field; Peer eR SS CBs
developing programs that improve fitness, improve stamina, and develop healthy living styles.A My strong customer service skils, written and oral
communication abilities, and organizational attributes will help me advance ina fitness and wellness based career.

Qualifications

© Results-oriented
SEB ora mR yr alsa @WCore mono Trem wonncoe Mein
Ca Oliia@ clive PE @ronceutcusl
CMM icles keto einan BEE @tslrameaa ce
Cs) cc)
Relevant Experience
Corporate Wellness

« A Assisted completing assessments for 4 corporate wellness companies in the Denver area.
Docunrniation

* Wrote and edited documents to keep team informed on policies and procedures.
Wha ca telejcal es

© Impkerented online marketing strategies which resulted in 15% growth of customer base.

DEitananecd
Janvary 2017 to April2017
Company Name City , State Intem

* Shadowed personal training sessions, group fitess classes, corporate wellness clients, and new client testing,

See BUCA UL ela cere clam date tere ona ans
Ore cee rnitocean eRe liccto rl ones oes ennai Paytn

Bee gi estou rcs tat Rac ciok oR cen nei oka it on a
Saree coun er wire emrccn Cn aS rtia

September 2015 to January 2017
Company Name City , State Fitness Coach

© Worked one-on-one with online clients, personal training clients, and coached both small and large pure ieee sce

Pe Ser orinn Lonacmcine nen in oars ed ca ke anenin cerca me ec (em PO ted asin ceed goals and
optimal results.

« Energetically guided clients in solo and group exercise activities, taking into account individualized physical limitations.

© Assisted the owner with facility marketing, membership sales, and member engagement.

* Was highly involved in the social media aspect of the facility which included Facebook and Instagram.

Septerrber 2013 to June 2016
Len NAN e LO AEE LO Ore B See creed

+ Demonstrated kadership capabilities at the front ofa class while making it a safe and enjoyable fitness experience, while ensuring member
retention.

Senta canter oer Orig Cais Brn beng ues nkoxacdcton nar arses
Pn ick eatlu ak cimet poco MeO OM RCM aN NN em erline cokes aly es Ora
CM coscn ey Wianiouetatarnagn enact se oe aekete Bb tncoea URC Ranta

Septerrber 2011 to June 2016
Company Name City , State Group Fitness Instructor

* Developed, organized, and taught group workouts for members that included various aerobic and weight training routines.
¢ Prepared teaching area for each class and organized all equipment at the end ofeach chss.

* Guided beginner, intermediate, and advanced fitness classes.

¢ Demonstrated a solid knowledge of workout routines based on appropriate skill kvels.

APU AOL ete
Company Name City , State Technical Specialist II

° Ensure accurate and timely reconciliation of client accounts in order to provide clients and branches with all of the reporting information for
