CLINICAL STUDY COORDINATOR II

Professional Background

Clmical professional with the proven ability to work with diverse clients and staff Recognized for capacity to kar and willmgness to take on new
challenges and responsibilities. Interested in advancing myself personally and professionally in the Clmical Research field.

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office applications Proficiency in multiple CTMS, eCRF, EDC, IWRS/IXRS phtfons

Professional Experience

Clmical Study Coordinator II

OO eM RRORGI ana Ger neh nl ALOIN MECH)

Coordinate clinical trials for the Surgical Research department with a primary focus in Cardiovascular and Vascular device related studies.
Communicate closely with surgical staff, pharmaceutical companies, surgical device manufacturers and contract research organizations.A
Author informed patient consent forms for clinical trials, in accordance with Internal Review Board (IRB) and trial sponsor standards.
Monitor studies to ensure continued compliance with federal and IRB regulations. Author IRB clinical trial submission, planned changed,
contimation and end of study forms.A

Collect data from patient medical records, examinations and procedures, prepare and compkte sponsor's clmical report forms. Monitor and
document for AE and SAE occurence for submission to appropriate entities.A

Responsible for device and drug accountability for each study. Communicate closely with hospital phanmceutical service and ensure
adherence to all pharmacy ans sponsor protocols.A

Introduced departrent to more efficient and improved patient payment process. Created department wide documents to improve trial
efficiency including AE and SAE monitoring source documents, proof of patient payment forms, temperature monitoring logs for drug/device
storage. Assisted and trained fellow staff with use of Epic EHR/EMR systerrs.A

Coltinesl Btecestpae@usncctiesice la
Novenber 2014 to October 2015 Company Nan i City , State

Coordinated pharmaceutical Phase II, III, and TV clinical trials across multiple therapeutic areas, collaborating closely with physicians and
staff, representatives from pharmaceutical companies, contract research organizations and academic institutions.

Developed material and tools necessary to appropriately carry out study procedures including source document development, study
timelines and study related procedure strategies and execution plans.A

Nanas Ere Rcn Miche once oti ce lonuecerl ical eecelalcnaeh ela marenacenittet bilvelonesnesenw Wore
materials for each clinical trial protocol are available for subject enrollment and properly maintained.

Maintained extensive patient contact, via telephone and written correspondence. Monitored patients to track follow-up visits, record AE
and SAE's and patient outcomes. Performeded specimen collection, processing and shipment of biological specimens.

Experience in multiple therapeutic areas including: Asthna, COPD, Women's Health, Hyperlipidemia, Gastrointestinal, Gout, Diabetes,
Inmumology and Vaccine trial studies.

i oraceny enacts
July 2013 to October 2014 Company Name i City , State

© Supervised exercise sessions for phase II and III cardiac rehabilitation patients, including monitoring of cardiac telemetry unit, response to
aise ben eccUeNA

© Conducted patient orientations, prescribe cardiovascular and strength training exercise tailored to individual needs of patient.A Provided
and developed educational services and materials.

* Oversaw student intemship program, develop educational materials, assess student keaming,

© Performed clerical duties including billing, insurance verification and patient registration,

Cardiovascular Medical Technician
July 2013 to March 2014 Company Narre 1% City , State

© Conducted noninvasive cardiovascular testing procedures including, exercise and pharmacologic stress echos, exercise and pharmacologic
nuckear stress tests and tilt table testing.
© Prepared patients for 24-hour holter and 30-day event monitor services, conducted inpatient and outpatient ECGs.

i oraceny enacts
May 2013 to October 2013 Company Name 1 City , State

PEO chiicthrivcicne mo cwceneiresilmnuoielecdualain en

© Designed customized training programs that addressed health problers, risk factor modification, specific injuries/physical limitations, and
Feces)

© Performed and analyzed DEXA body composition scans.

HPineconsrensicts
January 2013 to May 2013 Company Name i City , State

© Taught group exercise classes to senior ndependent, assisted, and Alzheimer/dementia residents to promote fimctional, aerobic, strength
