ADVENTURE RUN COORDINATOR.

[Oouw reels

Tama fitness enthusiast and enjoy living a healthy and active lifestyke. A I currently oversee and coordinate many aspects of events in the running
CO TSAO MnO conan aul) ome Moris mNec ma er eacorcctrceckercrraacw

Core Qualifications
© Time Efficient © SelfMotivated
Cees MS erect
© Organized © Hard worker
Oc .N * Goal Oriented
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts : Psychology Sociology , May 2013 Arizona State University 1% City , State , United States GPA: GPA: 2.3 GPA: 3.0 2.3 GPA:
RRR iremsinr aye
pinay

Being active in the commumity. A Setting fitness and running oriented goals and achieving them A I signed up for a full 140.6 Ironman in Arizona in
2014 and successfully completed it in Noverrber 2015. A I enjoy rumming long distances, cycling, hiking, swimming and anything outdoors or that
PO ed ae an Wr SOL a reece noc Rerispril ccm cents Meester

als

Have experience working on multiple different POS systems, Microsoft, Excel and other organization sites used for scheduling, A Ako, very
experienced with G-Drive and all its applications. A I ama quick and efficient problem solver when hit with an issue whether it being working
under a short time frame or scheduling and unexpected issues that arise. A Managing and communicating with others, not only staff members with
information but also leading a teamon a regular basis. A High and motivating energy when working with others but able to adjust is to an
appropriate evel.

Accomplishments

Finishing Ironman Arizona (140.6 Miles)- Not work related but trained roughly 20 hours a week whik uphokling great performance at work. It
required excellent time management skills, relentless drive and motivation from within.

Adventure Run Coordinator-Hosted free community monthly runs ranging from 250 to 550 (two different locations), motivated them and marketed
the event to increase by 12% over two years with 30% of the participants being brand new. Also, managed and communicated with staffand
volunteers details and tasks throughout event.

Girls on the Run Coach Fall/Spring of 2013- Leading and teaching young girls life skills through running (30 girls at age of 9-11)

Team in Training Captain Spring 2012- Motivating other runners and walkers on the teamas they trained and reached their goal of running a
marathon, via in person, email and while out running, (12 participants)

Aug oanan at acs

Adventure Run Coordinator

REA CH eR@ aaa cli an iti ch t/a OLN mmECT| Ce

Adventure Run is a free monthly fim run produced and owned by Road Runner Sports. A Lamthe coordimtor for two of them, (the two available
in Arizoma).A The duties and commitrents are at ange variety.A As a representative and coordinator for the program, I am in charge of
penmitting for the event and charity beer garden, some Ievels of sponsorship and vendors.A. Securing local vendors and sponsors as well as
locations for post run cekbrations.A Along with these responsibilities, I am in charge of setup and tear down.A I amon the mic during the event
of about 500 people, manage up to 25 volunteers at a time during the event and effectively schedule them, and communicate details and important
facts with the staffA Other additional responsibilities are promoting the event to the surrounding running and fitness community.A. I amrequired to
be tim efficient, extremely organized and prepped along with the ability to be flexible and overcome unexpected obstacles such as weather
changes, cancellations, people running late and being short staffed all while reining calm and high energetic.A A

Grassroots Marketing Representative

May 2013 to Current Company Name 4 City , State

PERO o cathe Concur S EARP RUAN RCP Pomc cow Ws RtutirReo ncaa los Ca nlParer erect
amin charge of booking group runs, clinics for local teams and packet pick ups for races.A I reach out to local gyms and TN Aeneas
charity partners that could have potential partnerships with Road Runner Sports and figure out the best fit for both parties. POE rite kol
readme (rr nelevecnetacniae crc e ona BorM ard com om tices aww 8

Cash Wrap

October 2011 to May 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Help customers, new runners and old, find the best items to fit their needs.A Also, make recommendations and answer any questions in regards to
the customer's running.A Multitask while checking customers out, answering phone questions and in person. A

lO}voriteicy

January 2011 to Septerrber 2012 Company Narme i City , State

Greet and check all members of gym in after opening up the facility alone.A 1 also answer alll incoming calls and cither help assist with their
concemts and questions or direct them to another associate.A 1 sign in and ring up guests, mke appointments for a variety of services and cancel,
and renew menberships.A. This requires me to be very successfill at multitasking and a kader.A I must always be on tine and have a positive
upbeat attitude and always am required to think of the customer first.A As it being a company that portrays healthy lifestyles, as an employee of
the company are preferred to nnintain one as well through physical activity at the facility, thus I am knowledgeable and passionate about it as
welLA As wellas work 8 hours a week in the chikicare with children from the age of 3 months to 12 years old.

Front Desk Fitness Attendant

April 2006 to Jamary 2011 Company Name 1% City , State
