PROGRAM MANAGER/BUSINESS ANALYST
Summary

Highly enthusiastic, self-motivated Program Manager/Business Analyst with experience in military and corporate working environments, dedicated
to maximizing assets through process improverrent methods and constant innovation.

Core Qualifications
VBR UrC BUCH Mase Qe CisiceaUp Lu concc kc aae eee
° Lice sla ial iia CRA (degre) ina Cesint ys hag
© Teaching, mspiring and counseling Amore verti
© Experience working special military computer programs

Po area ty
Material Development
© Created continuity system for new program managers to create an continuous uninterrupted work environment
Process Improvenent
© Developed flawless deployment system that resulted in personnel and equipment deployment with zero discrepancies over a 5 yr period.
I earee
© Performed research and analysis for Air Force level Project Manager
Foshan

¢ Delivered training and implemented new system in tracking completion .
© Completed training on-time and under-budget.

Professional Experience
Program Manager/Business Analyst
May 2010 to October 2014 Company Nan - City , State

* Served as Program Mamger/Program Analyst for all deployment rehted activities for an operation of over 300 employees.

© Responsible for managing the alignment of personnel to specific Unit Type Codes (UTC) and associated Air Expeditionary Force (AEF)
rotations.

* Adviser for significant problem areas and provided guidance to resolve personnel, equipment and training problems.

CM Au i slcceireRoucMicckesnB bea rece om Talc lb inner ecrUch area neilice

Assured a high level of expertise and standardization in the evaluation and qualification process of deployment systems through diligent

training of deploying military and civilian members.

Provided accurate information and reports to accomplish the administrative and analytical work in the maintenance of the automated official

property book record and backup files.

Project ead for employer on all Air Force level deployment inspections to execute assigned missions, exercises, contingencies and

ererluelice

Evaluated information fiom multiple agencies to develop an understanding of the business requests and needs and translated them into

application and operational requirements.

© Researched, evaluated and prepared long-range and short-range business plans through collaboration multiple agencies to ensure personnel

PieRsemiieraeeicniie ie ual ate

Worked with personnel to obtain requirements through interviews, docurent analysis, business process descriptions, workflow analysis and

ited

Fitness Center Director
November 2009 to May 2010 Company Nant - City , State

Managed mutt-million dollar fitness facility, coordinated monthly fitness activities base populace of 45K.

Supervised fitness employees, wrote appraisals and maintained training records for employees.

As top supervisor was selected served as Project Lead for U.S. Anmed Services Team during the Military International Olympics
Served as a Contract Officer Representative (COR) for agency contracts and provided the necessary equipment, materials, fimiture and
Rasy woce

Contract Officer Representative for equipment needs for six finess centers; to include family fimess rooms, youth training programs and
specialty fitness classes.

Established fitness plans for all training, finess classes, incentive programs, and special events.

° Assisted in oversight for all finess contracts and ensured payments were made in accordance with the contract and Air Force guidance.
* Knowledgeable in exercise science including kinesiology, fimctional anatomy, exercise physiology, nutrition, program administration, and
