PERSONAL TRAINER
Summary

Accomplished Assistant Store Manager with 10 years of mamgerial experience ina retail setting. Areas of expertise include saks, recruiting and
ESAs Eet eta an eco) eeepc ed Mant bebe ecole Sie Meteo er creB IRGC MBs hal arene
shipment processing, Retail professional with extensive knowledge of the supplement industry, including current trends. Enjoys helping customers
find the new and exciting products.

schivor anes
Personal Trainer Jun 2010 to Current
Company Name i City , State

WBFF Pro Sponsored Athiete

Healthy lifestyle, nutrition, and fitness guest expert on WEOA 98.5 Evansvilk radio, with 15,000+ listeners

Work with personal healthy lifestyle and training clients to determine overall health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then tailor workout and
lisven Pouce ORL eee lancet sass eri

Develop personal brand and do client outreach using social media and online tools such as Instagram, Facebook, Googlet, ete.
Coordinated & kead pre-sales and opening, with a total of 1,000+ members signed on or before opening day

Consistently provided excellent customer service and assisted in account management for 15,000+ members

Recruited, hired and trained a staffof20 full-time and part-time employees to provide excellent customer service to 15,000+ members
Maintained the overall operations of the facility including maintenance, cleaning staff, and inventory

Responsible for completing payroll, scheduling and reporting to corporate office Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth
adoption of new program

Impkmented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce tumover.

Exceeded company objectives with Sales.

Hired and trained 90% ofstaff.

Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption ofnew program.

Planned and ked three training sessions to promote sales team professional development and sales goal reinforcement.

Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner.

Obtained scanned records and uploaded them into the database.

Scanned docurentation and entered into the database.

Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and scheduling database.

Maintained daily bookkeeping report.

Pi lverees Lote soumiurge ace Oe Kenai bet sce

Pre-screened all resumes prior to sending them to corporate hiring managers for consideration.

Screened all applicants based on their Trained new sakes associates

Trained new sales associates each quarter.

Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.

Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.

Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.

Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.

AU eetrlprelieyel coven ecemasemrabennanniecsls Ruenonckel al pekeis i auc

Handled all customer relations issues ina gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.

Ao ce recmutsonenpicen perio certuamesset ital ees Omi attce

Resolved all customer comphints ina professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.

Mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.

Followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays.

Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.

Assisted clients in determining their overall health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then determined tailored workout and nutrition programs best
suited for the client.

Educated clients on proper nutrition, cardio capacities, and correct workout and weight-lifting form.

Helped clients to reach their goals through consistent motivation, education, and accountability. * Assisted clients in determining their overall
health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then determined tailored workout and nutrition programs best suited for the client * Educated clients on
proper nutrition, cardio capacities, and correct workout and weight-lifting form * Helped clients to reach their goals through consistent
motivation, education, and accountability

Assisted clients in determining their overall health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then determined tailored workout and nutrition programs best
suited for the client

Responsible for new client outreach and retention Accomplishments

Ist Place, Muscle Model- WBFF Amateur Las Vegas World Championships 2014 (which Ied to eamed PRO card)

Fitness Manager Mar 2015 to Mar 2015
Company Name i City , State

ston Beag
Bre citeacsl oc)
Help and Development in Training Programs
