REGISTERED NURSE, SUPERVISOR
Professional Objective

Registered Nurse striving to deliver enthusiastic, quality and compassionate care to patients through independent judgment and colkborating with
healthcare providers. All to achieve shared patient and facility goals.

Education and Training

Decenber 23, 2011

Bachelor of Science : Nursing University of Maryland, Baltimore School of Nursing - City , State Nursing
Decenber 23, 2009

Associate of Science : Nursing Transfer Studies Anne Arundel Community Colkege - City , State Nursing Transfer Studies
PNTeree tr)

High Schoo! Diplomm Broadneck High School - City, State

June 9, 2007

Professional Experience

09/2013 to Current

Registered Nurse, Supervisor Company Name - City , State

© 53 beds Oversee and delegate responsibilities to a 5 LVN, 4 RT and 4 CNA staffon a 53 bed sub-acute unit to insure proper adherence
to facility policies and procedures.

Perform compkte comprehensive assessments on all admissions, re-admissions and current residents.

Initiate, maintain and administer all intravenous therapies as ordered per facility protocol.

Manage and monitor residents’ skin conditions to prevent breakdown and provide compkte wound care as needed.

Relay any significant change of condition, laboratory work and client concerns to physician and responsible party.

ee Oana Ge UOC ETUC Mm NO hore iiiingenirileltomenesiinlmtnemrccna cre niied

oN reuse Rete Ome CANOE POMC IN ne ouocde tues eines gcoccunics ra naineceole cb rey M Asch ee st]
as tracheotomy and mechanical ventilation cares.

Compose comprehensive care plans in accordance with evidence-based research, the client's medical history and personal nurse to client
interaction.

© Manage daily schedule to ensure that unit is safely and appropriately staffed.

© Conduct team in-services to informand educate staffon changes in company policies and/or address any recent concerns.

PERL ert vas
Registered Nurse Company Nanx - City , State

Assist patients with healing and recovery after surgery.

PROP iscoay ces ouciiicg emt oLe et

responsibk for the delivery of'safé patient care utilizing the nursing process of assessment, planning, impkerrentation and evaluation.
Provide care for patients of different acuity levels ranging from medical-surgical to intensive care.

Initiate and maintain cardiac drips, PCA pumps

He/She communicates with the physician about changes in the patient's clinical condition including hemodynamic monitoring, results of diagnostic
studies and abnormal results and symptomatology.

05/2012 to 08/2013
Registered Nurse Company Name - City, State

¢ Performed compkte comprehensive assessments on all admissions, re-admissions and current residents.
Reviewed clients' medical histories, test results and electronic medication administration records for safe dispensation of medications and

esti
Assisted residents with their activities of daily living.

¢ Provided specific and individualized care for adults, status post varying degrees of surgical procedures.

© Composed comprehensive care plans in accordance with evidence-based research, the client's medical history and personal nurse to client
interaction.

Advocated for each client through professional intuition, proficient interdisciplinary communication, and family and patient teaching,

11/2009 to 05/2012
Radiology Transporter Company Nanr - City , State

PMc cccencueecremocidtenmncnonlmneseroecs srlmncorac Rute oaaua ed iici resis) aaeociiy
¢ Answered client questions about his/her particular health test.
¢ Securely transported patients safely and timely to and from the Emergency Department and their designated radiology examinations using
