CERTIFIED FITNESS TRAINER,

Professional Summary

Energetic knowledgeable Fitness Professional with 10 years of experience creating and implementing fitness programs designed to accommodate a
client's needs and requirements. Results oriented Fitness Professional with a passion for designing programs that improve fitness, increase stamina,
develop a sense of well being as well as healthy lifestyle. Ability to motivate and inspire clients regardless of fitness kvel or experience whik
encouraging them to make habits that are life changing. Core Qualifications Extensive experience developing High energy and passion for buikding
wellness programming, including group relationships with members. exercise,personal training, weight loss ISSA Personal Trainer Certification.
classes and youth fitness. Specialist in Fitness Nutrition. Hands-on experience providing exercise CPR and AED Certified. prescription for post
cardiac rehab and YMCA Healthy Back Instructor. physical therapy patients. Strong leadership skills in fiess operations . Accomplishments
Launched a unique $8M YMCA/Hospital collaboration from the ground floor. Developed North Carolinas first XRKade Interactive Fitness Zone
keading to national recognition. Doubled sales within the first 60 days. Led efforts to increase membership from 1,500 to 2,700. 80 % closing
percentage keading our club 3 consecutive months. Collaborated with ASU HEPELS Department to seck $1M in federal finding to fight obesity
Designed YMCA Corporate Wellness Challenge securing sponsorship/participation from 10 major companies.

schivor anes

Oo Po ccm inbecg

July 2013 to October 2015 Company Nar - City , State

© Lead and manage department operations.

© Deliver exceptional customer experience by being a friendly, available, customer focused, excited team member.

* Provide technical support based on in-depth product knowledge to other associates and customers on all exercise/fitness merchandise.
© Drive sakes through commumity involvement by buiking relationships with health organizations and hospitals.

© Consistently promote company programs including warranty sales, scorecard, private label credit card, etc.

Yee Mi chLam mee B Occ aenAtiG
Noverber 2014 to September 2015 Company Name - City , State

¢ Built clientAke base by providing customized fitness prograrrs including proper nutrition, cardiovascular exercise, resistance training to help
members achieve their finess goals.

Promoted and sokl memberships to potential members.

Generated sales leads through walk-ins, TI's and promotions.

Conducted appointments with members including assessrrents, nutritional counseling, instruction on proper form of exercises.

Consult with members to define needs and formulte appropriate solutions to achieve desired fitness goal.

Determined members' current physical status based on personal health and physical history.

Designed individual exercise program consistent with the members’ personal fitness and exercise goals.

Fitness Manager, Personal Training Sales Manager
September 2011 to June 2013 Company Name - City , State

© Oversaw the day-to-day operations doubling sales within first 60 days through staff training/coaching, superior member service and relations
as wellas high standards for facility maintenance and cleanliness.

Hired, trained and supervised group exercise, personal training and membership sales team

Provided one-on-one personal training session for all new members.

Ccrerlcs nannies Bemis gece Michie gence

Created goal specific exercise plans with both short and long term member goal.

Worked to get more customers into the club and constantly expand the number of members.

Fitness Consultant
January 2011 to September 2011 Company Name - City , State

* Provided exceptional customer service for 24-hour judgrent free" 6,000 member fitness facility.

© Responsible for membership sales, tours, phone inquiries, facility cleanliness and management as well communicating policies in a positive
iaiiboy

© Worked independently utilizing strong judgment and decision making skills whik providing encouragement and motivation to all members.

© Creativity and flexibility were put to the test as this position worked single handedly manning the operation at night.

Health and Wellness Director
May 2007 to March 2010 Company Nanw - City , State

Delivered exceptional member service and programs for 1300 households.

Hired, trained and supervised group exercise, personal training, wellness, and membership team members.

Developed $800,000 budget as well as creating a marketing plan and promotional materia.

Designed and delivered maintenance programs for Cardiac Rehab and Physical Therapy graduates.

Provided fitness assessments, health risk appraisal and one-on-one personal training,

Developed "Positive Attitude" Weight Loss Program for significantly overweight participants.

Impkmented and delivered YMCA Healthy Back Program.

Established Membership Retention and Recruitment "Best Practices." Partnered with ASU to study physical exertion levels with XRKADE
vs.traditional activity among elementary students.
