FITNESS SPECIALIST
Summary
Energetic Personal Trainer with educational background in Physical Education,A Sport TrainingA and exercise Swimming, Experienced Personal
‘Trainer withA 10 years conducting one-on-one training sessions in an upscak fitness studio. Advanced training in metabolic testing, nutrition and
weight management consulting,
BS ania}
* Fitess assessments
© Body Mass Index (BMI) knowledge
DBis(oesrtretneee de osh me carl ec em shi IN
Fitness equipment operation
A carauaesewnenaoci’
CPR and First Aid certified
ABiueCaeseteetneee an Hn TeTi at Coreta
lernnskis
AED certification
Fitness equipment expertise
Fitness programming specialist

Accomplishments

Material Development

Created Physical Education targeting Pk - 12 to create an engaging educational experience.

Completed an average of 30 ore than fitness assessments per month,

Team Building and Leadership

peu ROLE Lege 1 Ay

Employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the developrrent of sensory/perceptua-motor skill,
Pt ake OE ero a

schivor anes
Fitness Specialist Aug 2015 to Mar 2016
Company Name - City , State

Spa mel suse te kete ice accce

Provide one-on-one consulting, training and motivation.

Perform fitness assessments, determine exercise prescriptions, and design workout programs for the clients.

(eee non Oem Uma ikaw omlbcm ones) Brrsrainecea ester aa

Guided clients in safé exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.

Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.

Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other activities in the gym to meet fitness goals.

Asrived on tine, prepared and attentive for every training appointent.

Adrinistered fimess assessments, which included the seven point skin- fold body fat measurements, blood pressure and treadnilll tests.
Demonstrated and explained fitness program benefits to members, resulting ina 75% increase in member participation in paid chsses.

Physical Education Teacher Jan 2014 to Jan 2016
Company Name - City , State

© Contributed with the community in Indic Activities.

* Encouraged the students to engage in finess gram and other activities in the gym to meet fitness goals.

¢ Derronstrated and exphined fitness program benefits to members, resulting in a 80% increase in students articipation.
CMe derencs om icatidcorestenruiivaiessceuclikeeecclletneM (altace

© Impknented the A&M Nutrition Program for Schools.

© Member of light House of leader in me (7 Habits).

Physical Education Teacher and Swimming Head Coach Jan 2010 to Jan 2013
Company Name - City , State

Recruited and met with prospective student-athletes to discuss their experience and goals.

Monitored the academic performance of student-athletes in addition to their athletic progress.

Helped develop each participant's physical and psychological fitness.

Coordinated scheduling and field and facility use with the activities office.

Establish and designed various cross-curriculum warm-up activities and trainings with basic skills to enhance connections between school
Rhee hem hens tea rce lle Ccom

Maintained accurate statistics, records and results of cach season.

Played an active role during parent-teacher conferences, and updated parents regularly on their chikd's progress in the chssroom

Protect student athletes mental, physical and nutritional; also the equipment, materials and facilities.

Apply and enforce student discipline during athletic contests and practice sessions.
