ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE
Summary

Exceptional Sales Professional who consistently achieves annual sales objectives and increases the overall custorrer base. Effectively grows brand
awareness through increased market penetration and new market developrrent.

Highlights
* National account management a "
Mtoe einecennetg
SR ne ele O cl ate Ic a een reaa eee
Cargo SSCs Bu ni 1h) hoa a Stan arin nar ten
© Friendly and cheerfill cane ene

Accomplishments

Spearheaded a remarkable é€ccworst-to-firsta€ transformation.Grew new product sales 100% in [number] days.Successfillly expanded account
base from [murber] to more than [number] accounts.

schivor anes
Account Executive Aug 2011
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© A wholly owned subsidiary of Bloomberg, is a leading source of online kegal, human resources, aw, regulatory, and business information for
professional.

¢ Coverage spans the fill range of legal practice areas, including tax & accounting, labor & employment, intellectual property, banking &

securities, employee benefits, health care & phanmnceutical, privacy & data security, human resources, and environment, health & safety.

Executed [number] daily cold calls to top level executives to increase client base.

Exceeded targeted sales goals by [number]%.

Senet tires fel Nec CRE ae Cer ecwLaetce

Taught potential clients about products through seminars and other special events.

Responsible for selling online, web-based technology tools to Director & VP level professionals - Human Resources, Benefits, Law,

Accounting and Tax professionals Exceed yearly quota, finishing 2012 in the top 20 earning the Silver Award Deliver solution-based sales

presentations to prospective and existing Bloomberg BNA customers Develop new clients and referral sources through prospecting which

includes online resources referrals, cold calling, demand generation, or other local marketing programs Perform post-sakes calls to ensure

customer awareness, satisfaction, and the proper use of Bloomberg BNA products and services Sold to multiple industries - Industrial,

Government, Healthcare, Law, and Medical.

Business Development Associate Oct 2010 to May 2011
Company Name i City , State

© Contract Sales Division of Stapks, Inc.

and focus on serving mid-sized businesses to large companies.

Staples is the work's largest office products company.

Laid off due to corporate restructuring (entire team hid off) Exceed monthly sakes quota consistently on a monthly basis by 150%.

Prospect small to large employers within the St Louis market, selling an array of business solutions using a consultative sales approach;
Responsible for developing a new customer base through cold calling and community networking; Work with a defined sales quota focusing
on initiating relationships within multi evel decision makers through phone, marketing campaigns, in-person meetings and presentations.

Sales & Operations Manager Jan 2007 to Jan 2010
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

® relocated back to St Louis, MO for wife's employment Operated health club facilities through the United States which were transitioned or
sold to different organizations through the course of the years.

© Increased profits by developing, initiating, and managing corporate fitness program - sold large corporate accounts such as Sallie Mae,

Roche Pharmaceutical, St Vincent Health Center and Indiana University; Manage all aspects of the four health clubs, including sales, fitness

and operations.

Responsible for millions in revenue across various business lines.

Defined strategy and business pln for Indianapolis, Kansas City, Lexington, KY and Chicago areas.

Transformed district performance within the first 3 months.

Increased sales and revenue by 50% month over month, above prior years.

Responsible for hiring, training and development ofall facility staff

Sales Manager & Assistant Sales Manager May 2002 to Dec 2006
lena El CG

¢ Successfully opened the new multi-million dollar facility that was at 20% of projected revenue, increasing revenue to 125% of corporate
Orono cM ITP AB Ere ntim
