ACCOMMODATION SERVICE EXECUTIVE LL
Professional Summary
Customer service and sakes expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems. Driven to exceed sales and customer
satisfaction goals and build long term relationships with the clients. Creates a positive experience through high quality customer care. Bilingual
mmnager abke to build, lead and train efficient and friendly service tears.
Core Qualifications

Pee anes oatsiac|

© Results-oriented

© Quick lamer

© Superior communication skills

CO rcosNetsRanertaty

Cie citcanuaccitesag

schivor anes
ACCOMMODATION SERVICE EXECUTIVE Il 12/2016 to Current Company Name City , State

© Communicate with Partners by telephone or by ¢ mail to provide guidance and assistance regarding Booking.com platform Extranet.
ae
Ce urdterrisie crore te wertiradrcedRea psd araenn ic reer (l

PEC Alrosilo reece websitinamittiulecicecol cs ori elioletdallel bil ea Glennie cr cccniecR WRG cmviaay cd
loosen ana

© Review and process new partnership registrations and set them ready to open on Booking.com webpage.
© Keep partners and guests as center ofall our operations to guarantee maximum satisfaction.

Hck
CUSTOMER SERVICE EXECUTIVE 02/2016 to 11/2016 Company Narre City , State

* Communicate with customers by telephone or by ¢ muil to provide information about hotel reservations, take or enter information, cancel
reservations, A gather complaints details .

Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, comphints, or comments, as well as actions taken.
Check and ensure that appropriate changes were nnde to resolve customers’ problems.

Contact customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results or any planned adjustments.

Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for firther investigation.

GENERAL MANAGER /SALES MANAGER 12/2011 to 01/2016 Company Nanx City , State

© Managed sales team generating daily new memberships according to sales quota, interacted with prospects and new customers and
provided high level of service to achieve 100% customer satisfaction and company revenue.

Hired and trained all sales and customer service staf

Monitored customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.

Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize custorrer satisfaction.

Manage projects or contribute to committee or team work.

OLR Rambo buComenial nico

GENERAL MANAGER 01/2005 to 12/2011 Company Name City , State

© Managed sales and customer service operation
© Control retention and attrition

© Responsible for new hire process

© Supervised over 30 employees

¢ Reported to District Vice PresidentA

GUEST SERVICE MANAGER 01/2000 to 12/2004 Company Name City , State

Served as public relations representative for the hotel.

CPCS teu COCR E Nas reese oe beoee Vena peg ccm

Answer inquiries pertaining to hotel services, guest registration, and travel directions, or make recommendations regarding shopping, dining,
or entertainment Record guest comments or comphints, referring customers to managers as necessary.

Transmit and receive messages, using telephones or telephone switchboards.

Accomplishments researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to ensure customer retention increasing it up to 85% per month.
(Aisa niveLaLoclioceuclLelabauanleninellubi el emutcenaeccarectitticslcseeiie loam GOR octal Maumee itr (om

accounts to service high volume employee corporations.

Satisfactory managed company new locations pre saleand openings to guarantee revenue profit and investment retumn.
