BRANCH LOGISTICS MANAGER
Executive Summary
Relable, resourcefil, dependable,A flexible, goal-oriented individual. Team keader and player who works well with peers and all levels of
mmnagerent. Possesses excellent people organizational and communication skills. Adapts easily and quickly to changes in the work environment.
Core Qualifications

Cm siinuralt Csr) cc)

PRR OU sora w a siheecy * PC Competent

¢ Commumication Skils = ¢ Hard-worker

CMiiguatsyeieng © Team Leadership

Professional Experience
04/2016 to 07/2016
Branch Logistics Manager Company Name it City , State

CV EleteaeR orn MyM ees (cccraecm

© Ensure timely and accurate delivery of products.

Compliance contro! with all applicable regulatory requirements including, but not limited to, providing documents for the driver qualification
file and abiding by hours of service, daily log, hazardous materials (placarding, training and shipping papers), daily vehicle inspections and
reports, and maintenance regulations.

Scheduled delivery drivers ona daily and on-call basis.

Completed daily route preparation.

PAN vedic WelLerabeicicp clualasttes aor see bcocr cn aesiicel

Occasionally performed warehouse employee's responsibilities if there is a temporary shortage of warehouse employees.

Performed special projects such as researching methods to improve productivity and cut costs in the branch distribution fimetion.
Troubleshot problems regarding the shortages of delivery employees staff, routes, and the loading of equipment.

Monitored and/or maintained close contact with delivery employees throughout day to ensure routes were completed in a timely and
Pleats esr iatiinea

Certified delivery trucks were properly and efficiently loaded.

odeah@reuctetan dl necmliioncriecacrtee tinea

Assisted Logistics employees with the loading of trucks when necessary.

Maintained daily vehicle maintenance logs and documentation of incident reports.

Maintained proper levels of stock in warehouse to ensure maximum profitability.

Responds to telephone calls from patients, referral sources, vendors and delivery employees regarding equipment orders, patient probes
and delivery employee incidents.

Managed muttiple branch locations as needed.

ios rirecRn bowel becHos we ticnem

Supervised a team of primarily nonexempt employees.

Responsible for hiring, coaching, and performance management of subordimte staf

Ensures that all direct reports and their subordinates are maintaining acceptabk: performance levels.

Conducted staff meetings regularly to review new business requirements.

02/2012 to 02/2015
General Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Managed club to meet or exceed monthly sakes quotas of 60% or higher sales average.
Hired, developed, and promoted new employees.

Headed daily staff'sales training and developing.

BoostedA motivation and energy levels within team.

ManagedA and mmintain a positive work environment.

Recruit and establish 1 - 2 Corporate membership for srmll to large corporations per week.
Recruiting potential members utilizing outdoor marketing - tents and corporate onsites
Delegate and monitor daily tasks to staff members

Developed a club success report meeting or exceeding a 60% daily sales quotas average.
Communicated with member / non A member telephone inquires

FON RO ar Ter H Erreur Wneceuineainenn cement nae

02/2011 to 02/2012
Sales Manager/Assistant Manager Company Name 1'4 City , State

Managed sales consultants to assure weekly and monthly quotas were exceeded.
Attended walk ins and appointents who inquired on memberships.

Acquired and established memberships for new members.

SHO cRAU NEC Sct neti om TLekeey eects

Assisted General Manager in all membership corrective measures as needed.
Delegated daily tasks to staf members.

Assisted General Manager resolving member comphints.
