OFFICE MANAGER

Career Focus

Exceptionally organized and efficient Office Manager with over 13 years experience in the office environment. Secking a challenging roke ina
dynamic organization.

Sumnnry of Skills

AS400/Kronos/Anosos/Cerner. As well with proprietary software for data entry and retrieval; update and maintain customer data; skilled with
Wretsea@ linen LO ads ace ac)

Accomplishrents

Reduced office expenses by finding smarter solutions for vendors, suppliers and services.

Professional Experience

AO REO L ete vone

Leica oN eam un rte Ney L ONES

Assisted with designing information and operational support systems.

Worked quickly and efficiently, with minimal oversight, to accomplish assigned duties.

Accurately processed data, validation and transmission for weekly, semi-monthly and sales payrolls.

IW Codni Cede Res thia menteateT coe Lele

Maintained annual and monthly budgets.

Compiled financial, accounting and auditing reports and tabks for cash receipts, expenditures, accounts payabk, receivables and profits and
losses.

Sem ntettea osm Reen ed ceo ner eens ccre Ribiisnea Conte cme nulnencrineBuseice

Obtained information by contacting appropriate personnel or patients.

Neste cem pee lie exe (eat ipanesl ot

Consolidated diverse medical records.

Followed-up with insurance companies and individuals to resolve discrepancies.

Maintained complete confidentiality in accordance with organization and legal requirements. Kept department clan, organized and professional.
Maintained 100% compliance with all hospital and government regulations.

Conceptualized and impkmented new and more efficient filing system

Ore bt a eee Mes cun ice Mu necaminsriach mein neneci’eice Ob adr etee ice

Served as liaison between management, clinical staffand the community.

Administered, directed and coordinated the activities of the agency.

Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge ofapplicable state and Federal laws and regulations.

Jumped in to fill gaps for on call rotation when necessary.

Provided thorough supervision for day-to-day operations of facility in accordance with set policies and guidelines,

Worked with state clients and stakeholders to shape procurements and identify opportunities for value added services. Closely monitored
competitor activity, legislative and regulatory initiatives and agency concems and contracts and developed strategies to respond.

Ores b etree perecccnesi occ em uunalaunces Lest Rune carl Baldwins BUsul 1b otce

Contributed to and participated in community education projects to foster widespread understanding of the prevention and treatment of illnesses.
Oo seRindaconiecrtalinmnemcanoubanecekl perttanic caslaemineats teem

aol cee eshi cen moarcoe En Bn CEC uur Oe re nem cone RelLenndenceLelEsnim@Vonycecmeonteeke airtel
employees each shift.

Reviewed and approved time cards for processing by payroll department. Routinely evaluated the overall resident care within the facility and
diligently enforced high standards.

Incorporated evidence-based care into practice environment to ensure high quality care for patients and their families.

I WoaccoBnaresoi Milam ie abetct ed ve rocelakeneiec kee rcarroe oul dieca OltcchebLer) ce erm Reicel s)in em

Monitored infection control procedures to ensure facility-wide health and safety.

Effectively served as an advisory resource by providing patient/family experience expertise. Effectively served as an advisory resource by providing
patient/family experience expertise.

Developed and arranged continuing education opportunities for all staffto increase knowledge and skilk.

Analyzed facility activities and data to properly assess risk management and improve services.

Kept abreast ofadvances in medicine, computerized diagnostic and treatment equipment, data processing technology, government regulations,
health insurance changes and financing options.

Made recommendations to improve technical practices.

TO REC OT von

Secretary Company Nanr ¥% City , State

¢ Responsibke for coordinating patient activities with nursing staff, physicians and other hospital persomel and departments,
¢ Time clock entries.

01/2008 to 01/2009
Scheduling Staff Company Nanr 1% City , State

© Transferred legal paper fils to electronic (CD).
¢ Redacted confidential information from kgal documents.

01/2004 to 01/2007
