STORE MANAGER
[Osheue Oona ang

Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 19 years client interface experience. I worked in customer service for a long time. Face to
face meetings as well as over the phone.

COR Tine nlics
© Job Objective
© To work in the customer service industry and bring my 14 years of experience and my knowledge to help improve my skills as well as be
Orece alba sural doremeaned ecm ened a iinaciana
Summary of Qualifications
To serve as a liaison for the customer in meeting all their questions and concems
Excellent probkm solving skills
Excellent typing skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
ARE
Microsoft Excel
ears Beene
Bilmgual - Korean and English

Strong organizational skills

Pon eB ett eacL lic}
Seasoned in conflict resolution
Sharp problem solver

Courteous demeanor

Accomplishments
OO CM RUae
© Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales A
© Consistently generated additional revenue through skilked sales techniques.
Customer Interface A

© Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
OP COO iO Une aml be beneb rou elie Re net Len ncee DeMeleI Te Letclee Retake

Aug oanan at acs
Store Manager
July 2006 to September 2013 Company Nan i City , State

* Tran the day to day operations such as : ordering merchandise (books, accessories, speaking with different dealers).
¢ As the store manager my daily duties were working with customers, answering any questions they may have had about products, such as
instruments and accessories we carry, as well as helping people with rentals.

Oicemiaancorattalg
May 2009 to April2013 Company Narre 1% City , State

* Worked as customer service agent making announcement in chims area in Korean and in English at Hartsfield Jackson International
Airport, helped people trouble shoot problems with baggage issues, as well as in charge of the monthly reporting for passenger counts to the
FAG micueslters| Patiyee ie

* Also worked closely with Customs and Border Protection.

© Talso worked on the ramp as well with Korean Airlines when needed.

bon BLP aN sat
January 2006 to Septerrber 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

© helped peopk find their dream homes as well as negotiate contracts for buyers and sellers side, I also have great knowledge of the
Multiple Listing System, as well as answered phones, and made 100-200 cold calls a day looking for new prospects.
