DIGITAL MARKETING LEAD
Summary

Digital marketing professional with experience in sakes, marketing and management. Knowledgeable about e-commerce, social media and creative
digital design.

BS Henares
© Digital advertising MUNRO icp ceca ced
Or Xe aressiis4 ¢ Effective teamplayer
© Customer service-oriented © Dependable and reliable

Pp oceolovawwelcn ere Rcaryi Caen i live Mmmm Orlin tne cmsycccN ts

chien anes
Digital Marketing Lead 12/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

¢ Maintain the Digital Marketing Board for the Spa and Fitness Center.
CEC Rocce ioe Om aD Un Prete uuicelgernonete Rr eeinee ance a ro ONS
© Upload chs schedules, class descriptions, and corresponding videos to the Digital Board on a daily basis.

Spa and Fitness Concierge 10/2014 to Current Company Name City, State

© Demonstrated excellent customer service to all of the member and their guests.

¢ Compete with co-workers for monthly performance based sales bonuses and incentives.

© Recommend specific services to members depending on what he or she is looking for.

¢ Provide adequate knowledge of the services that we provide along with the products that we sell.

Spa and Fitness Concierge 06/2014 to 10/2014 Company Name City , State

¢ Demonstrated excellent customer service to all of the member and their guests.

¢ Schedule appointments for massages, facials, personal tramers, manicures, pedicures etc.

* Recommend specific services to members depending on what he or she is looking for.

© Provide adequate knowlkdge of the services that we provide along with the products that we sell.

Assistant Soccer Director 07/2014 to 08/2014 Company Name City , State

¢ Head ofcoaching for 6 week soccer camp with 50 kids ages 4-13 and 7 coaches under me when Director was not present.
© Worked directly with the director of the camp to provide excellent training sessions as well as fim organized games.
* Demonstrated leadership for the other coaches to follow while participating in cach drill and game that the kids played.

Team Leader Sales 06/2013 to 06/2014 Company Name City , State

© Effectively kead the Sales Teamand entire Store in driving Sales, Customer Service and Recovery by directing and acting as a rok model in
Bitcosmcdieken Zein ana

¢ Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations,

Pee elichnecBirarchmins reesei ats rram icc ale tcd

e Assisted customers in finding the right products to fit their needs and goals

Customer Service Lead/Saks Associate 04/2012 to 06/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.

¢ Provide customers with product knowledge while making a sak.

© Opened and closed the store, including counting cash,opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments.
MA OCG cra liniat cam obra ules avd te cascade Perceirane

Director of Soccer 12/2011 to 03/2012 Company Nan City , State

¢ Developed and promoted our soccer tournaments, leagues, classes, and skills clinics through outside sakes, cold calls and flyers.
© Organized and executed a seasonal recreation soccer keague with over 250 kids ranging fromages 6-15.
* Coached over 350 kids a week in various soccer classes, skills clmics, and rec practices from ages 2-15.

OTS em oay cee Bcc MU CPU ULB PP Rou ina Nc eL Os meNel Cy

© Managed over 15 employees at any given time including developing the scheduk, assigning tasks, interviewing, submitting the payroll, and
evaluating all customer service employees.

* Provided customers as well as the customer service employees with the correct knowledge regarding all aspects of the facility.

Directed my staff towards handling cach and every issue ina professional and timely manner while taking the ead rok in personally diffising

customer comphints.

Involved in all aspects of the soccer program including doing the majority of the coaching for kids ages 2-15.
