NIGHT WAREHOUSE SELECTOR
Professional Summary

Experienced Personal Trainer for eight plus years conducting one on one training sessions in upscale fitness studios and gyms.

als

CME Oc oerumcriiciseteyt| © StaffLeadership

© Weight trainer © Nutrition Plans

* Personabk and fiiendlyA * Versatile

OMB reese tinea eccecc ce MOTO ems tet ee Y

¢ AA Strength TrainerA « Fitness equipment expertise
Work History

Night Warehouse Selector 12/2016 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Night Warehouse Selector.

Selects customer orders from pick slots using pick lists of assorted iterns to build orders according to driver stops at customer locations.
Delivers merchandise to correct dock area, stacks items on pallets according to driver stops at customer locations for next day delivery and
shrink wraps palktized orders.

This involves riding a pallet jack, moving products from racks to palkt, labeling the selected cases with the order labels and using Voxware
Ao) com Roush ecacie tice

Validates that correct product has been selected and is darmge free.

Notify Stocker of empty or short slots for replenishment.

Ade enter miata ecituecrcrccut eds

Meet weekly standards for productivity and accuracy whik working in a safe manner.

Performs various post-shift duties that could include: Clearing aiskes of all debris, retuming pallet jack to charging area, and hook up jack for
Eliawmensteuined

Stacks empty pallets fromslots in aisk.

Clean up any spills and places damaged product in recoup area.

Compketes any related paperwork.

Weim neletinccn

Maintains inventory by identifying, labeling, and placing materials and supplies in stock; recording location of inventory.

Locates materials and supplies by pulling and verifying materials and supplies listed on production orders.

Docurents materials and supplies disposition by recording units delivered and location of units.

Receives credit-retum mnterial and supplies from production by verifying materials and supplies code and lot number and quantity; placing
Person sp NES ea

Prepares finished stock for shipment by identifying, pulling, packing, crating, loading, and securing product.

Peetu NCP Use Mai en etme oueeliceinliesn sce

Maintains material-handling equipment by completing pre-use inspections; making operator repairs.

Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

Personal Fitness Trainer 01/2016 to 12/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Carefillly evaluated member needs and assisted them in achieving personal fitness goals.

Possessing the knowledge, skills and abilities for safe and effective exercise and fitness program design, instruction and assistance for the
purpose of reaching personal health and fitness goals.

Participated in club promotions to recruit new A members and increase club sales,

Demonstrated and explained fitness program benefits to members, resulting ina 25% increase ina member participation in paid classes.
Coton tocetorlroleaten Perinat Riel cncrrr a kctdorane cia w

Ako I motivated clients by setting goals and providing feedback and accountability to clients.

As well as measure client's strengths and weaknesses with fitness assessments.

Assistant Manager 07/2014 to 05/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

rise einem

Assists Store Manager in all aspects of daily shift management, including customer relations, inventory control, procedural tasks and
ficlro ane escR ve ERC Beracoratualsieum

AY Gtnrabecd cel bincn chal esrne Bsn Rs) com

Provides daily shift floor coverage.

Trains Sakes Associates.

Supervises POS.

Provides security & loss prevention in store.

Oversees contest management (Tracking Results & Coaching Performance).
