PERSONAL TRAINER

Summary

Hard working, seasoned customer service professional with extensive experience in face to face service and sales, seeking a new opportunity ina
stable organization where I can use my skills and knowledge to make a positive contribution and assist in the growth of both the company and my
personal career. Highly motivated professional with excellent interpersonal and motivational skills Infectious enthusiasm and positive attitude
Extensive experience meeting goals; both personal and professional (ic., sales, fees, gross profit, contribution, and hours) Experience and
Bieccoimime @muecmeaiaiccell ane enka cer cnecbi il cma BRUM Ko aoe BURR LcMm Sil eu neBrisiciinecd ia lbeltci ed
with key customers and business leaders in the community Experience gained in leading staff in business development, customer retention,
recruiting, and expense management Self-motivated individual continuously striving for success Strong sense of discipline and desire to kam new
skills Works well as an individual or as part ofa team Ability to easily anticipate the needs and desires of customers Works well under pressure
and deadlines

schivor anes

Veen Mecho melee elie sctine Nitin my L Os mmoles Co

Cede Uden enesinlate emer pomsaivcia era camel Mini) moc McBtetci ha use eti ee ail om neal abe mtesmelcsle ot)
along with right selection and equipment usage.

Supervise directly exercise session and perform one-or-one with all members.

Ensure to correct body mechanics, exercise technique and form

Oversee individual response towards exercise and modify programas appropriate.

Forecast member needs and progress rate along with present new exercises as required to sustain progress of member.

Consult members to identify health history, personal goals, previous exercise history plus lifestyle factors affecting success potential
Prepare individual exercise program on basis of health history, member's personal goals and fitness assessment results.

Maintain and manage top level of customer hospital associate plus physician satisfaction pertinent to fitness programs, exercise equipment
along with interaction with all fimess associates.

Pro NGe iis i womureneslranoctB alcatel kets een aie

Maintain and update records of member training and productivity for Fimess Manager.

Fitness Manager , 09/2013 to 08/2014 Company Narre it4 City , State

Recruited and train Personal Trainers in their respective job duties.

Prepared weekly schedules and work assignments for Fitness Trainers.

Ensured that the customers are given high quality services and assistance when needed.
Assisted in developing and maintaining workout programs.

Stayed abreast on latest updates in fitness industry.

Ensured gym facility is nmintained clean, safe and orderly.

Ensured that gym equipment was kept in good working condition.

Monitored the initial workouts of new customers and provide feedback.

Offer various finess programs to suite customer's specific needs.

Work with other staffs to achieve monthly target.

Ensure that all stafls follow center’s procedures and policies.

Enhance revenue by providing additional discounts and services to existing and new customers.
Supervise day-to-day operations of the gym and personal training sessions.

Organize educational training, seminars and meetings for personal training staff for professional growth.
Resolve issues and complaints pertaining to personal training from customers.

Impkmrent customer suggestions and recommendations to optimize training program.

Schedule and conduct gym tours to new customers.

Maintain all paperwork regarding personal training schedules and procedures.

Fitness Manager/ Master Trainer , 08/2010 to 09/2013 Company Name 1% City , State

No edcpsice ation tinstanecibarnem nm llvcccRueis bic iaceele

Assisted the finess coordinator with the daily operations.

Enforce all finess-related policies and procedures.

Execute risk management plan.

Recruited, hired, trained, scheduled and assisted in the evaluation of personal trainers, fitness consultants and other staff
Oleaiaebiremiarseel nie eaUnecs

Coordinated continuing education workshops.

Verified fitness attendant payroll at the end of each pay period.

Maintained fitness activity areas inventory.

Making recommendations for fitness center purchasing.

Assisted general manager with substitution process providing facility coverage when needed.
Served as linison between the fitness attendant staffand equipment technician staff

Yee Michie PPR ORb CCR Oe cial Ry ONUmESCL
© Assessed the needs and capabilities of individuals through fitness assessment procedures.
