GENERAL MANAGER

Summary

Dedicated enthusiast with years of experience in sports, health, and fitness related settings. Passionate about helping others set and reach their
goals ina wide variety of ways. Respected builder and leader of customer-focused teams who are committed to providing superior customer
service. Lead by example and ensure the execution ofall safety, security, quality and company operation policies.

schivor anes

January 2015 to November 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

General Manager

March 2015 to Noverrber 2015

Assistant Manager

January 2015 to March 2015

© Promoted to manager position to recruit, hire, train and develop a high performing staff consisting of Assistant Managers, Member Service
Representatives, Trainers and Custodians.

Responsible for the oversight of gym operations to ensure an exceptional Judgement Free" member experience as well as a financially
sheet kol Ny

Accountable for leading a team of employees ina positive, motivating manner with continuous assistance in employee training and
Clave)

Created and maintained a welcoming atmosphere for all members, prospective members and guests and ensured staff followed superior
falcemccey copulie einem

CEE ceb i iccUneo OC Aetna abe Ha CCE Cher reRich cena peislceney ie SLe ice

Tracked statistics and reports (weekly, monthly, annually).

© Prepared all HR related forms and sent to Corporate Payroll Team Ordered supplies using specific budget based on club requirements.

DRxD Pharmacy Associate
December 2013 to October 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Responsible for the presentation & coordination of the bedside discharge medication delivery program for assigned.

© umits/services & patients, with reporting responsbility to the Integration Manager or Coordinator.

* For patients accepting DRxD program, ensured patient enrollment, bedside delivery of medications & successful completion of program
Fee elnibc tu Ces Melcol tity nem

© Effectively collaborated and worked in concert with other DRxD associates and phanmacy personnel to ensure successful delivery of the
poor

brairestbeny

BS : Kinesiology , 12/12 University of Montevallo it4 City , State Kinesiology Compkted numerous courses in sports, health, and fitness with
concentration in health promotion.

First Aid/CPR/AED Certified

als

budget, Conflict Resolution, CPR, Customer Service, delivery, employee training, First Aid, fons, health promotion, HR, Leadership,
Teambuilding, marketing, Multi-tasking, Payroll, personnel, reporting, statistics, Supervision, Time Management
