TEAM MEMBER / PRICER
Career Overview
RETAIL OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT Inventory Control Product Pricmg DEDICATED and EXPERIENCED BUSINESS
PROFESSIONAL with a tradition of performance excellence achieving or surpassing corporate goals for sales, operations, Merchandise
custoner service, and safety standards. Replenishment A: Foster cooperation and build trusted relationships with clients, SSCUAET OBrien aia
Staff Training A- Train staff on club procedures, company policies and sons and computer usage. Team Leadership Ie erect
resolution of internal organizational issues and problems. Cash Accountability A- Computer literate...adept at using proprietary systems for
appointments, A/R, program Payroll/Timekeeping registration, and customer accounts. Kronos payroll system. Accounts Receivable A- Tactfill
and calm when dealing with sensitive situations and resolving patron issues. Financial Reporting A- Solid work ethic; meticulous organization; pride
in work; positive can-do attitude. OSHA Compliance
Core Strengths

© Strong organizational skills

* Active listening skills

¢ Sharp probkmsolver

© Energetic work attitude

© Inventory contro! familiarity

© Top saks performer

© Visual merchandising proficiency

Aug oanan at acs

07/2012 to Current

Team Menber / Pricer Company Name 1 City , State

Set up store prior to grand opening.

Selected products to be soki.

Priced accordingly.

S alwoeR iele oa on LeruLew Leela

Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning, Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer
service representatives when needed. Expressed appreciation and invited customers to retum to the store. Organized the store by returning all
racerrecon Om ce cena m acm

01/1990 to 01/2012

Club Manager/Assistant Manager A- Sales Manager/Assistant Manager A: Operations Manager Company Name

* Managed all operational areas of busy fitness club with 6 direct reports, a total staff of 30, and 400-800 daily patrons.
© Operational areas included Customer Service, Programs, Personal Training, Retail Sales, Kids' Club, Maintenance, and Financial
Managenent (Payroll, Accounts Receivable, Sales Reporting, Budget Management).

Company Name

econ Cte aN aOR OUUm rec INecOleHeniinlbe ioe anaemia eam aati wallets
Influenced prospects, sok memberships and accounted for castvcredit card receipts.

Conducted facility tours and new member orientations; developed new member fitness goak.

Scheduled appointments and registered patrons for classes, personal training, and fitness sessions.

Drove revenue growth through referrals by building positive and enduring relationships with members.

Processed all contracts, payments, and membership corrections.

Programs Oversaw entire program scheduk, ensuring instructors' commitment and participant registration.

Monitored program enroliment to ensure profitability.

Personal Training Monitored new memberships to ensure participation in new member session with a personal trainer.
Identified and communicated customers’ needs to personal trainers.

Feoncl) SOM YALU reniinannanaa

Sold individual personal training sessions to customers.

Retail Saks Accountable for a $30,000 annual budget for nutritional items and ancillary merchandise.

Maintained proper levels of inventory to meet customer demands.

Opened, closed, and balanced POS systemon a daily basis.

Scheduled nursery personnel, monitored attendance, and evaluated performance.

Enforced company policies to minimize risk potential

Maintenance Communicated equipment malfinctions to maintenance staffto sustain a high level of equipment reliability.
Scheduled and monitored nightly facility cleaning.

Responded inmmediately to emergency situations and prepared and submitted timely accident reports.

Staff Management Hired, trained, motivated, evaluated, and disciplined staffto achieve corporate performance standards.
Coached and mentored employees to contribute to club's success,

Conducted ongoing staff traning,

Operations Management Organized department schedules to ensure adequate coverage and efficient operations.
Consistently achieved percentage to budget bonus pay for meeting or surpassing corporate goals.

Previous Experience includes various management rok for Chicago Health Club.
