SENIOR IMPLEMENTATION MANAGER
Summary
Manage and coordinate all aspects of benefit plan implementation for new and existing customers. Provide focused service through initial post-sale
client administration while fostering strong, long-term partnerships with customers and all key stakeholders including sales/service, consultants and
other internal business units. Committed to promoting on-going enhancements for program installation.
Qualifications

© Conflict resolution techniques Creative and innovativeA

2
Ce tetitisisccn ur *
© Meticulous attention to detail : ini aie ee Pe
PS et SRLS R Gino Let es ae Hi ie pe 4
¢ Enmbmee and promote change dba
Taree ren enemas nen © Trainer and mentor to new staff

Accomplishments

© Part of combined effort that helped team exceed key performance metric goals for New England Territory.

© Part of combined team effort that exceeded performance threshold for tum around times resulting in monetary incentives.
© Promoted to Senior Implementation Mamger

© Nominated for Aetna Way Silver Award

schivor anes
Senior Impkmentation Manager 07/2016 to Current Company Name City , State

CW siorteReoe ene ece) MLetue lee) auaee variate bers arannibe ios Glacc am murinniocalc@emotnoanivetciennad
Bin Rocecod ci

* Develop and execute implementation strategy consistent with customer expectations; Ensure strategy is administered in accordance with all

Peso ahaemularat oct LC Lace

Assist with the selection of implementation staffand the development of training activities; Mentor to new staff

Identify gaps and recommend enhancerrents related to new andor existing services and workflows based on a broad view of the

organization; contribute to development of new or updated implementation tools, resources, and materials

Inplementation Manager 04/2006 to 07/2016 Company Name City , State

¢ Effectively managed implementation team dynamics and provided direction/coaching to fellow team members ensuring success of the overall
implenreniation process; engaged team members to follow-through on their responsibilities and tasks.A

* Maintained a high level of organization with strong attention to detail and accuracy while prioritizing a large caseload to achieve Key
Performance Metrics of 98.89% quality with 99% tumaround; consistently received positive feedback from saks partners, coworkers and
pian Reese ancm

PEO snociotincaulesacue se oeunenieiealiadencant Rei kalcon ecw eal wine Pca Crome ttle enema bei Leed
fpeeniLc tO Ce

© Successfilly helped implement Mental Health Parity and Health Care Reform benefit changes to ensure Aetna remains compliant.
Nominated for the Aetna Way Silver Award for my devoted assistance.

Inplementation Specialist 02/2004 to 04/2006 Company Name City , State

* Precisely installed medical, dental and pharmacy benefits for mid-size, large and specialty accounts into Actna systems applying state and
federal kegishation.

Extensive knowledge of Actna systems and toolsA.

Successfilly met quality through strong attention to detail achieving 99.49% accuracy.

Efficiently resolved problens through effective communication skills and strong interpersonal relationships with Implementation Managers,
Sales Executives, Account Managers, Drafters and Underwriters.

Monitored reports on a daily basis to manage a large and complex caseload.

(soe earl oe Re (ciel ince Ch ech LB cee ote

Student Teacher 02/2004 to 05/2004 Company Name City , State

© Designed and implemented lesson plans.

© Organized St.Jude Naive Bestar

© Successfilly appliedA Responsive Classroom technique to ease switch from teacher to myself
Intern 09/2003 to 06/2004 Company Nane City , State

¢ Impkmented lesson plans for grades k-5 in various schools and classrooms.
CRE ul ee sce SE amiLTcLomIE ey ity

OTHER Fitness Consultant 09/2000 to 11/2004 Company Name City , State
© Supervised font desk and childcare staff to establish productive workflow.
