SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary
Customer service oriented associate with over two years' worth of experience working with the public, and over | year’s worth of money-handling
experience. Core competencies include customer rapport, ability to maintain a positive attitude, and subtle persuasiveness by relating to the
customer. Passionate and self motivated, with a drive to achieve excellence inside as well as outside of the workplace.
Highlights

¢ Exceptional customer service  *® Customer rapport development

© Sales expertise ¢ Basic Microsoft Office skills

* Excellent commumication skills © Thrive in fast-paced environment

schivor anes
RU Cer @tacans
Saks Associate Company Narre i'4 City , State

© Received and processed cash and credit payments for purchases as well as payments to Dillard's credit card.
© Opened lines of credit.

© Opened and closed the counter, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staffassignments.
© Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.

CREW Eicuelinecy perl Okotnrauren eRe meme nce VN SHO TiLOneinemeaenncarenmrrana la nelsen

11/2015 to 02/2016

Receptionist Company Name 1% City , State

© Conduct outgoing phone calls to collect members’ billing information and process payments.
¢ Operate Microsoft Lync to answer, screen, and forward calls, providing information, taking messages, and scheduling appointments.
* Resolve customer comphints or redirect them to appropriate management.

02/2015 to 11/2015
Service Representative Company Name 1% City , State

© Compile information about new accounts, enter account information into computers, and file related forms or other documents.

© Handk inbound call; resolve membership issues; answer customer inquiries; redirect phone calls to appropriate associates.

© Understand and implement company policies as well as exphin policies to customers in a straight forward and professional manner.
© Operate register and process caslycredit transactions; opened and closed out registers.

CEA orm secre HOTU onesie oN eres teice Omen biceine Re leslcn

als

Excellence and experience in customer service, eager and fast kamer, honest, advanced problem-solving, exceptional organizational skills
brairestbeny

Associate of Arts : General Business Mesa Community Colkge 1 City , State General Business Currently attending.

Oe)

High Schoo! Diplorm James Madison Preparatory School #4 City , State
