FITNESS COORDINATOR
Obdjective

Seeking a challenging environment, which allows me to contribute to the continued success and growth of the organization. To obtain a position
that will provide me with the opportunity to apply my education, administrative, & fimess experience, and grow as a professional.

brairestbeny

May 2012

Master of Science : Recreation Administration - Concentration: Facilities Management WESTERN KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY i% City , State
May 2010

Bachelor of Science : Exercise Science WESTERN KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY i City , State

Enployment & Experience

07/2012 to Current

Fitness Coordinator Company Narme i City , State

eel cet)
acy S)

Oe PACE e064
Facility Coordinator Intern¥Membership Specialist Company Name iA City , State

© Assist with facility supervision.

© Train staff members to be knowkdgeable and perform fitness services such as resting blood pressure, body composition, and circumference
measurements.

* Aid with corporate presentations on various aspects of health and wellness, such as obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and sedentary lifestyle,

sie Then ooo ton

Help with membership sells and retention by conducting facility tours, program promotion, and individualized consultations with members.

Work closely with Facility Manager, Pro Shop Coordimtor, and Head Membership Specialist to provide optimal experiences and services,

such as personal training, finess counseling, adequate equipment, and nutritional aspects, to all members.

12/2010 to 07/2012
Group Exercise Instructor Company Name i City , State

© Instruct/ead patrons through safe and challenging exercises in an abdominals/core toning format as well as ina boot camp setting.

08/2010 to 07/2012
Graduate Assistant, Exercise Company Name 14 City , State

Assist with the training, scheduling, supervision, and evaluation of Fitness Center attendants (currently supervise 25 attendants).

Assist with equipment purchase, product research, and equipment layout for the campus fitness center.

Facilitate the development of policies and procedures regarding the safety ofpatrons and aesthetics of the the facility.
[OXeocilopaliNaseRsetienreneesueKceih ae

PCO AUy BC en esti ea Cam eB eUCleN elcererel elem

Supervise the daily operations of the 14,000 square feet Fimess Center.

Supervise the university's recreational facility of 125,000 square feet during the weekends.

Assist other professional staff with presentations promoting the WellU Student Wellness Program, professional development conferences,
and student involverrent within the Intramural Recreational Sports Department.

Assist with the inventory and maintenance of Health & Fitness Lab and Fitness Center equipment.

Track equipment usage to determine proper layout and rotation of fitness center equipment.

Contribute to the daily operations of The Health and Fitness Lab including maintaining a regular schedule for fitness services, such as fitness
assessments, exercise prescription, body composition, and individual consultations.

© Track and evaluate Health and Fitness Lab programs and Fitness Center usage pattems.

© Performresearch on benchmark universities and facilities,

Assist with office supervision and various administrative duties.

08/2009 to 08/2010
BaP ecicio aoe cling Nt cha Or NmEST Ce

© Conduct finess assessments including body composition analysis via skinfold calipers and bioelectrical impedance, height & weight
measurements, sub-maximal VO2 testing, flexibility evaluation, muscular endurance and strength, and blood pressure screenings.

¢ Exercise prescription: offer exercise consultation and program design, implementation of exercise programs, and provide

demonstration/guidance with proper usage of the equipment.

Assist with the marketing of programs using various advertising mediums, such as Adobe CS3 programs.

Desigwhost wellness & fimess events such as Muscle of the Month Challenge, Big Red Rep Off & Bench Off , and Healthy Days.

Received Rookie of the Year Award based on job performance.

08/2009 to 05/2010
