DIRECTOR/PRESIDENT - MINTURN FITNESS CENTER
Executive Profile

21-year Internationally-regarded coaching professional, 13-year Nationally certified/accredited in Strength and Conditioning, Industry-kading
Athktic Performance Executive in the field of high-performance athletic training who creates strategic alliances with organizational leaders to
eflectively align with and support key business initiatives. Experience with successfill facility design, builds and operations. Recruits and retains high
performance tearns by hiring, developing and motivating skilled professionals. Provides oversight of all budgets, operations and strategic initiatives
with sound operational managerent skills. Provides athletic high-performance programming, training, education, presentations and hands-on
coaching ofall Elite, High-Schoo! and General Population athlete membership on and off-site.

Skill Highlights

NSCA CSCS*D (09-14)
NSCA RSCC*D (16-Present)

7 FMS Level 1 Certified (09-Present)
e
EMBED. COD. CacsN
CJ
e

TRX Level | Certified (09-Present)

Power Plate Academy Certified (09-Present)

Internationally Recognized Speaker for the NSCA and Keiser Corp
(08-Present)

Ce Sco maQeeresosnelt ob mona Uy recc1]

© Director of Facilities and Operations Mintum Fitness Center (14-
erect)

NSCA Colorado State Program Director (11-12)
EXOS (Fonerly Athlete's Performance) Level IV Mentor
(05-2010)

Ce Duccoanastirmegaroriiin lena Lim wiccaty)

Noted Accomplishments

Wonrn's FIS Team Coach for SSCV producing the most athletes froma single program to make the USST during the 2 year span 1997-
99

USST Disabked/Paralympic Alpine Coach of the Year 2005

Designed and Executed First-Ever Dedicated SSCV Strength and Conditioning Program 2006

¢ Designed and Executed First-Ever 55-Hour Continuing Education program for Ski and Snowboard Club Vail Full and Part-time athletic
staff (120-134 staff members) 2009

Directed all-inclusive Human Performance Program for SSCV including Strength and Conditioning, Sport Psychology, Nutrition and
Medical intervention 2009-Present

Proposed, designed, built and provided operational oversight ofall facets of the Mintum Fitness Center on the VSSA Campus including
operations, hiring, membership management, marketing and advertising, programming for General Population, Junior, High-School and
Elite/VIP athletes. 2014-16

Presented at the NFL Combine in Indianapolis ID on the subject of Power Training for Olympic Success" Spring 2014

Professional Experience
Director/President - Minturn Fitness Center Aug 2013 to Mar 2017
Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for concept, design, oversight of construction and opening of the Nation's first half public, hal private Performance Training
Athletic Facility with finding split between the municipality of the Town of Mintum and Ski and Snowboard Club Vail.

* Secured Strategic Partnerships and Sponsorships to include, but not limited to: Facility Design, Construction, Equipment, Staffing and
Oi neiey

© Provide Operational Oversight to include, but not limited to: Scheduling, Programming, Zone Layout, Organizational Philosophies and
Strategies and Recruitment and Hiring of all relevant Administrative and Coaching Staff

© Provide Budgetary Oversight to include, but not limited to: Hourly and Salaried Payroll, Expenses and Revenue, Relevant Fee Structures for
Membership, Elite and VIP Fee Structuring and Continuing Oversight and Strategic Initiatives to balance Profit and Loss.

Director of Human Performance May 2010 to Mar 2017
Company Name i City , State

Responsible for coordination of all aspects of Athietic Human Performance for the athiete population at SSCV including but not limited to:
Strength and Conditioning, Sport Psychology, Nutrition, Athletic Programming through Periodization with discipline specificity, Program
Design, Athletic Testing, Data Compilation and Analysis and Medical Coordination and Intervention Strategies.

Recruiting, Hiring, Management and Evaluation ofall Human Performance Staff

Integration and Collaboration with all Sport Specifie Coaching Staffat SSCV.

Organization ofall non-snow training sessions with facilities both on and off-site.
Micenolbumienssleecibeedciinscbercngieacn emesis tinction nraria APA mH UCinaneecstesetiel
ieee hd

Responsible for the design, organization and execution ofan annual, Industry-Leading 55 hour Continuing Education Program for the entire
full-time SSCV Staff including but not limited to: Scheduling, Organization of facilities, Recruitment of Industry Professionals to speak on the
topics of Leadership, Sport Performance Strategies, Communication Strategies, Building a Culture of Excellence, Teant building, and
Annual Operational Expectations.

Annual Sub-Contract by the FIS through SSCV to oversee all safety systems, surface managerrent and course sets for the FIS World Cup
and FIS World Championships at Beaver Creek, Colorado. Duties include but are not limited to: Design of Safety Systems including A and
B-net systems, Racecourse surface preparation and maintenance, Course sets for each discipline. In charge of multiple crews on
