MEMBERSHIP COORDINATOR

[Oouw reels

T would like the opportunity to share more about my work experience and how my skill set could contribute to the successfiil day-to-day running
of your company. I'd be happy to supply strong references at your request. I am currently in pursuit ofa career and believe my skills could greatly
contribute to your company. Gainfil employment in a well structured cooperative environment in which my skills and hard work can be optimally
utilized. Frankly stated I am looking for a career as opposed to a job".

Sumnnry of Skils
© Thre managenent ability
© Excellent communication skills
* Reliable and dependable High customer service standards» Strong ead development skills
© Active listening skills Flexible scheduling Pelee nial
© Top saks performer Superior organization skills © Focused on customer satisfiction
* Customer service expert Excellent multi tasker © Customer service expert
© Opening/closing procedures Superb sales professional © Enployee training
© Sharp probkm solver Bar management CEO nb cmieecc ert
© Cok calling
¢ Self motivated
Professional Experience
05/2014 to Current

Membership Coordinator Company Name i City , State

¢ As Membership Coordinators I am responsible for selling memberships at the health club.

The position requires that the membership coordinator generate at least 60% of my own prospects through normal prospecting channels.
The other 40% mny originate from club advertising and promotions.

Astrong working relationship with club staffis expected of the membership coordinator.

Paperwork and administrative follow-up on personal sales, along with personal follow-up on new memberships are essential tasks.
Responsibilities and Approximate Time Distribution 15% - Telephone solicitation, prospecting and other follow up.

4% - Sending mailings to prospects.

60% - Touring prospective and making actual sales presentations.

10% - Follow-up on new members sold and generating referrals, 3% - Paperwork and administrative work.

RYN Kanes ccunid

Rye Wicca slicker conearonece eco ube

Pe Non elineey noe) KeaL ace

SPER OreN NC)
Customer service Manager on dutie (MOD) Company Name 1% City , State

© During my tine with Bhdium As a Customer service MOD I worked ina privately owned Sports and Fitness club my job again is to
facilitate an excellent customer service experience I am proud to say my professional skills in custorrer service continue to grow stronger
and stand out some of my duties included but are not limited to; Customer service, opening/closing procedures, monetary responshbilities,
maintaining a facility opening /closing checklist with various task, outbound calls, EFT collections and updates, confirmation and cancellation
of customer club memberships and registrations, entering guest waivers, filing, faxing, mailing of invoices directly to a clients home and or
business, answering and directing high volune of phone inquires, greeting and checking in ofall guests,answering guest questions,cash
handling, facility safety/cleanliness upkeep according to company standards.

UPR eb eC)
Customer Service Representative/Bar Attendant Company Name iM City , State

© My time spent with Bladiumas a Bartender my job is to facilitate an excellent customer service experience to produce sales,some of my
duties include but not are limited to; Sales,cash handling, opening and closing procedures,monetary responsibilities, at times working ina fast
pace environment, Mixing drinks, preparing food, keeping track and ordering supplies from our vendors as needed, keeping department up
to company standards.

VATU ROR)
Salkes/Customer Service Representative Company Name i City , State

© During my time spent with Party America my job was again to facilitate an excellent customer service experience to produce saks, I believe
my time spent with Party America helped me in truly honing my excellent customer service skills.

© Some of my duties included but were not limited to; answering and directing phone lines greeting and assisting guests, setting and design of
merchandise location, freight unloading , monetary responsibilities, closing procedures customer receiving, ordering procedures for guests,
arraignment of balloon bouquets.

© Ako kept the store up to company brand standards.

03/2003 to 04/2005
Sales Representative Company Name 14 City , State
