PERSONAL TRAINER, GROUP FITNESS INSTRUCTOR
Summary

Veteran Air Force Intelligence Officer experienced in analyzing threats and managing projects such as security, threat mitigation, and training,
Excellent communication skills built fom presenting critical information to high level officers and government civilians on a daily basis. Experience
working with international partners for combine regional security initiatives. Tramed and experienced strategic and tactical planner for joint and
combined military contingency exercises. Health and fitness professional of eight years and strong motivator of groups to improve health and
wellness through selFregultion principks.

Highlights
* Top Secret/ Secrete Compartmentalized Information clearance
© Project management
© Leadership
© Creative and innovative problem solving

© Professional certification in fitness
© CPR/AED certified
CE Otc aescar ec)

Accomplishments

Nip Colo Ge rereeeclbeemylocnll
Bachelor's Degree GPA 3.44; Dean's List
Masters Degree GPA 3.85

schivor anes
Yee aM ictLcm Geb atrecce ncteaeg
REI pA OM eR Gara clan ti cht a OLN mECIT| Ce

* Created group fitness routines and implemented high impact cardiovascular endurance, strength, core and balance chsses. Maintained high
attendance and promoted additional chss involvement. Expanded certifications to include Insanity Live and Silver Sneakers.

© Runan online health and fimess accountability group. Inspired health changes and exercise promotion to a 10 member group. Provided self-
regultion and behavioral adaptations for health and fitness.

piGliswescm yan
May 2012 to Septerber 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

© Identified intelligence requirements and threats to assets for operations and contingencies in the central and South America; experienced
ciao ool tnece

Provided analysis for courses of action selection and positioning of forces in conjunction with representatives ftom Peru, Brazil, Colombia
and joint forces in multiple combatant command operations.

Personally evaluated three Honduran intelligence units; identified areas for improvement and essential milestones in the regional mission of
countering transnational organized crime.

Developed syllabus and instruction materials for mobile training team for a Peruvian intelligence unit, and provided threat awareness training
materials to Colombian air and ground forces.

Reviewed joint publications and orders for accuracy and clarity and made significant contributions to joint publications for changes in
content. Drafied intelligence plans for combatant command exercises.

iiGlaweetOlicaw
November 2011 to May 2012 Company Name i'4 City , State

© Leader of four man team, analyzed threats, prepared aircrew, drafted and reviewed over 2000 mission reports. Coordinated critical
Priore a arscena pct La Ke Om Neth Ce ae neie

© Upheld security protocols for sensitive compartmentalized intelligence facility. Regained access to four critical systems. Surveyed aircrew
credentials monthly to ensure qualification for access to platforms mission and capability. Prepared four members with 12 hours of training
to gain mission readiness.

¢ Directed the production of 14 advanced aircraft academic briefings to maintain mission readiness for 94 pilots. Developed method to report
significant events in the threat area and improved threat awareness.

iiGlaweetOlicaw
November 2009 to May 2012 Company Name i'4 City , State

Mentored eight intelligence personnel; informed leadership of threats to assets at deployed locations. Selected to briefhigh level officers and
Congressional Representative on the capabilities of the unit.

© Reorganized manuals and checklists in preparation for operating inspection. Created continuity for new intelligence support position on
Commanders Action Team.

Oversaw career development training of four airmen to receive on time or early mission qualification. Over 240 hours of sophisticated
training including radar theory, history, tactics, and presentation skills.

Authored and presented over 50 threat briefings in support of combat search and rescue exercises, weapons instructor course, and daily
