FITNESS DIRECTOR
Highlights
© Skills Used:
Teamwork, Leadership, Ocean Saftey Knowledge, Custorrer Service/Hospitality
Basie Japanese Speaking (greetings & customs)
Diamond Jeweler / Executive Protection
Jason Park Diamond - Honolulu, HI - July 2014 to October 2014
Responsibilities
Sales of Various Exquisite Diamonds, Rare Gemstones, Sunrise shells and Royal Hawaiian Jewelry from the
Siren Olanip stated
Provide Personal Security during transportation of Diamonds, Gerrstones and or Cash Deposits.

Accomplishments

Coombes RRO eRe enn comcce me ae cee mois om emi Oba eck bs One MIB SC\hCln

Skills Used Knowledge of Characteristics associated with Pricing Diamonds, Rare Gemstones, Sunrise shells.

Tactics and Techniques for Executive Protection and Transportation of High Value Iterns.

Executive Assistant to CEO / Ambassador Of Pearl Harbor Discover Hawaii Tours - Honolulu, HI - July 2012 to April 2014
Responsibilities: Schedule business meetings , times and locations, and coordimte travel arrangements for 1-7 personel Assist with Daily
Operations of company and monitor employee production and operations.

Key phyer in development of Waikiki Welcome Center economic tour trolley which provides transportation to and from Jocal events while
providing visual advertising for Discover Hawaii Tours.

© Maintenance Manager for 108 Tour buses on islands of Hawaii, Maui, Oahu and Kaui.

Responsible for ensuring all vehicle's in company operation have proper Decals and Insurances and comply with federal and state tourism
fomoeeelbeb aula etcm

Oversee 18 Tour Drivers ensuring all maintain current TWIC, CDL, Medical and Legal ckarances to allow Military Base Access
Coordinated Tour Routes / Schedules for Tour Drivers on site at Pearl Harbor Assist Tourist around Pearl Harbor Act as Liason for
Discover Hawaii Tours with Other Tour Companies.

Prepare Breakfast Boxes for moming tours of 150-300 people Sales Representative / Model RIX Islandwear - Honolulu, HI - February
2011 to January 2012 Responsibilities Sales of Special Brand Men's Only Aloha Shirts.

Opening and Closing Store Cashier / Trainer Inventory Accountability of shipments and Quality Control Supervisor ensuring correct
products arrived free of danmges.

Modeled Men's Aloha T Shirts and was featured on 12it x 5ft poster that was posted in display window of location.

* Accomplishments Doubled store location monthly eaming of +-$6,500 to +-$13,400.

schivor anes
Sines Beale
August 2015 to Current Company Name 1 City , State

Manage 11 Personal Training Staff ensuring facility offers highest evel of safe and effective training along with offering diverse training
pues

Draft and Submit Payroll for 11 Training Department Employees Bi-weekly Conduct monthly training groups to ensure employees are
following company policy and procedures.

Sell Club Memberships Sell Personal Training Accomplishments: Increased monthly revenue to $32,000 resulting in promotion to Fitness
Director in first 90 days with company.

First month as Fitness Director resulted in $77,800 highest personal training sales on company record surpassing monthly goal of $45,000
by $32,800.

Manager / Safety Advisor
January 2012 to January 2016 Company Name i City , State

Entrusted with keys and security codes for opening and closing store.

Train New Employees on Daily Operations and review company Policies and Procedures as well as Crew Expectations during
be(vetnesibenel pce ence

© Manage Reservation Times for Surf lessons and coordinate ground demonstrations Practice and Demonstrate Water Safety techniques and
maintain a current CPR qualification.

Provide Basic First Aid on daily basis for minor cuts, scrapes, punctures and severe lacerations to injuries that require professional medical
Banteay

PA Cissimsy alin @ rari es
Novenber 2004 to August 2010

© 783 Hrs Flight Time as Tactical Helicopter Aircrewman.
© Door Gunner: M240D, .50 Cal Gau 16.
© Anti Submarine Warfare Systems (Acoustic / Non Acoustic.
