BRANCH MANAGER

Summary

More than 5 years successfull experience in customer service and support with recognized strengths in account maintenance, problenrsolving and
trouble-shooting, sales staff support, and planning/implementing proactive procedures and systems to avoid problers in the first place. Ability to
work in partnership, with leaders and different partners within the company. Bilingual Professional, able to speak Spanish and English fluently.
Ability to train, motivate, and supervise customer sales & service employees. Ability to multitask within fast paced environments Capable of
administrating high budgets while producing profits and raising company standards. Synopsis of Achievements Increased traffic and customer
acanee tm Cl ae Bae ect sures Aer tnes atu ROU Renu Cont basco cM iA BLT eBIRULccla cli Lonynaibanasibe Rat cue
Proactive planning Ied to notable increase in drive and efficacy in my team Consistently recognize as Top perfonrer in the top 10% of company.
Utilized the tools provided to audit customer satisfaction and raise standards. Exceeded expectations and raised the bar as a Manager of Retro
Fitness by administrating to company standards and implementing improved techniques.

Accomplishments

Achieverrents Alpha Phi Sigma, Rutgers School of Criminal Justice Dean's List, Rutgers Newark

schivor anes

Branch Manager , 01/2015 Company Name i City , State

Work closely in partnership with Owners of the business in coaching peer leaders in the custorrer experience in serving as the face of company in
flvekee nen tining

&€¢Market and promote the gymcenter to increase the number of members

4€¢ Oversee the recruitment, training, and monitoring of staff, cluding

disciplinary action when needed

4€¢ Financial managerent: track all income and expenditures, balance safe, set goals

for each month, refer delinquent accounts, and create monthly reports, worked as accounts payable and receiver.
4€¢ Respond to and resolve comphints and incidents

4€¢ Reinforce club policies, including all cancellations/revocations of memberships, acting as the final decision-maker in all member service
probiens that may arise

ag Oecd
Lead with ethics, integrity and embrace diversity and inclusion.

Possessed in-depth knowledge about products and systems, model behavior, coach the team to success, and use initiative and good judgment to
mmmnage the store's budget and lead the store to achieve projected results.

Success including hiring, coaching, training, and developing all store team members to achieve consistently high performance objectives.
Follow all polices as determined by the board of directors.

Prepare documentation and reports on routine customer correspondence for future reference purpose.

Manager , 01/2014 to 01/2015 Company Nam i’ City , State

Increased traffic and customer retention by 10%.

Developed great working relationships with co-workers and peers, which resulted in great team engagement and success.

Proactive phnning led to notable increase in drive and efficacy in my team.

(QS ipeceun cM tye acer am Nella Om LU ce keeled

Utilized the tools provided to audit customer satisfaction and raise standards.

Exceeded expectations and raised the bar as a Manager of Retro Fitness by administrating to company standards and impkmenting improved
techniques.

Recruited and interviewed qualified candidates for open positions, placed qualified candidates on assignment. Held full responsibility for
accounting, finance, and budget operations. Created promotional materials to advertise organization and promote growth. Maintained personal
