GENERAL MANAGERFITNESS DIRECTOR

Executive Profile

Highly motivated, team oriented professional wants to contribute to your organization utilizing recognized achieverrents in management, with an
emphasis on, employee/customer relations, program implementations, training, and employee development. I have been recognized for my
exceptional leadership skils, ability to communicate well, and excellent work ethic.

Professional Experience

(ecranl Vanna ance Dicey

December 2013 to Current Company Name i% City , State

Manages and supervise approximately 30 Fitness Club employees.

Impkrrents and creates fitness/vellness programs to encourage, reward and offer incentives to members who maintain a regular exercise
ery

Performs assessments and offers recommendations for a healthier lifestyle.

Encourages members to maintain a regular exercise program

Assist, instruct and motivate members by provided knowledge, training principles, and basic information relating to fitness.

Develops and promotes active member programs, including corporate wellness and activities to increase the members’ feelings to self worth
Biveeeoon s)icisnana

Enhances, mentors and develops conducive personal training and group fitness programs.

(Xe iaep rena amiainetnebrrsiiarstn om

Assist in the kase/purchase agreement ofnew equipment for the facility.

Writes, researches, and analyzes information and data to support position with executive management; prepares policies and procedures for
management review, obtains approval; plans and directs from inception to event compketion; create and monitors budget; assigns tasks;
Panes com ral e CO CMET Nm art Sento nGe

Provides mid-level supervisory controls and implements planning, development, evaluation, and promotion of comprehensive fitness center
programs and services; researches and develops new programs, classes, operating policies and procedures, and revenue/marketing sources
for a variety of fitness, health, kisure, recreational, cultural and sports programs.

¢ Works closely with sales and marketing team to generate sales initiatives through social media and grass roots marketing,
© Monitors daily sakes activities and meets with management team regularly to provide updates on sakes and promotions.

Performs various other duties and assignments as necessary or required.

Assistant Manager Educator lululemon athietica
LOO uA PACED cori om Ours slant thy. B Ol SUmnC TIC

eee De ae MEE Deo Venere BS Choc eMe MAL Tey Rice Land pote

Educated guests on our product, community and culture Community and events liaison coordinating events through Metro Atlanta.
Oversee the execution of certain deliverables on the manager checklist to include inventory, product and/or community education.

Created daily strategies to meet daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly revenue goals; presented forecast numbers to meet hourly and
headcount goals Represented the store at all required meetings and conferences.

Hands-on roll in the development and a coach to Educators & Key Leaders.

Performed personnel reviews and evaluations according to schedule and submitted any subsequent change notices ina timely manner.
Performed and compkted other additional projects, duties, and assignments.as required and/or by request, under the direction of the Store
Manager Advocate for lululemon athietica's values.

General Manager
June 2007 to October 2012 Company Narre 1" City , State

Supervised 13 personnel ofin all aspects relating to club operation: Coordinated schedules and keeps accurate records ofattendance and
Blau peacce

Provided guidance, training and motivation to staff

Conducted reguhr staff meetings.

Monitored and evaluated work performance ofall personnel.

Created and maintained positive work environment within the facility.

Managed budget with revenue of $950K and expenses not exceeding $620K exceeding budgeted goals.

mcr smus cman sires BulOnicenteklncaus sect iLeemnRulcni we ieuroimrrn ad

Solicits prospective corporate and individual members to add to the current membership base of over 1500.

Provided informtion to prospective members regarding club facilities, programs, membership procedures and pricing policies.
Conducted regular, creative sales activities.

Encouraged members to maintain a regular exercise program

Assists, instructs and motivates members.

orl elccR ery ct combing nai) meek eb noi ceibio slung OB tne

Developed and promoted active member programs and activities to increase the members' feelings to sel worth and accomplishment.
PN occe peice Webra cee Proce ane Oaicneae rly eneeRearurence hues ects Me RUe Nain an

Provided accurate personnel and payroll information to corporate ina timely manner, including payroll data for independent contractors
(acrobic instructors, personal trainers, massage therapists).

Performed personnel reviews and evaluations according to schedule and submitted any subsequent change notices ina timely manner.

© Maintained ckanliness, operation and safety of club facilities and equipment.
