GENERAL MANAGER
Wr rasta

Sia tavara \/nnstca mare ety building and motivating dynamic teams. Cultivates a company culture in which staff members feel comfortable
Voicing questions and concems, as well as eosin voanm coke baldete ited aa eee UEP cnodundconsngens cent h wee coon en
RUE eb linsralistec nen techniques. Organized and diligent, with excellent VCCI EN Baltcsranten tener en rennet Ti A
shranianes

Wes okrsiecti cy

J eoraracd

General Manager May 2017 to Current

Company Name i% City , State

© Develop a comprehensive standard Rel oncrivercnrnt nak Lind Me lacatuatiarbsrel recite procedures for all facility services,

¢ Develop a monthly and yearly Tanagenent report outlining key facility statistics and a SL ete de nar Loe NCR cnerg TN
acide lindane enlace

Submit all paperwork and financial reporting, Liaelacgett inl

VELL E Rinna anne Sy ce dame teg tre hee

Write articles or press releases for the Baral

Recruit the key personnel for Spa, Food and Beverage, Fitness, Re CUS com Ne PT eet tT LO ecLE Sem ac Ese ee
Ensures the staffis fully knowkdgeable on the use and benefits of services, products, programs, and activities baceenelnsunes iat Te
Scheduled staff meetings and training Lh eee

* Conduct on-going training/educational programs for department. Holds team meetings ona regular scheduk.

Assess all employces' progress etre Lar yee Positive reinforcement, and CESS paar cuca fairly and
Salam cuca Ce aera | sec sleuesslneckell ta oor MNT etn SECS S ILA ML ELT ee ect

Direct and oversee all facility operations to ensure achieverrent of sales and retention IMS pecdeli (ont necetr| BSN g ely
PAUCuElibssscuruna iret teri bisa tericved leon s

Pale aetna ested eed a Wea alinden ecco acl arly marketing, programming, customer service and financial Cheat toss
Recommend and develop marketing strategies to include Pane eda iesltaea siete e facility activities and efféctive Eteach atom
Pole ens Burs airaneanrtt menbership prograns that target new menbers, general memberships, and infrequent users,

eeee

Regional General Manager and National Sales UE EBLUL ACP New.)
Company Name if/ City, State
a EL Rumo hi cal eRtet aes eee nena tte COW rt i be ES Beaker MS a eee operational and financial

ues eke La Nea.

Serve as the leader in driving sales an Na a cumcceme ins Barer lonrn irate throughout the company.

© Train and develop a sales teamto consistently achieve and exceed Meee ceb crear ke epron oe

PS itstbesl Remon ncaa edu Deanne Uit vane at Pceep ile antundo ie ee Pea scsg atte Sein Tinted
ieee Ketel ciiai te cene ee Oh erent eer ice Loved aneeln Brrsniene menber satisfaction.

* Review and analyze relevant data to make sound LS recta loass te

pee Stovanlcdiettovcan crt ee cehiea keen NaCl nce te | Pifoantas

* Work with VP of Operations and Central Services to Us TEs Bobs Lace ran attra rete Src Ena EPC OMY

General Manager May 2014 to Dec 2016
Company Name it4 City , State

een roa keener lh Sales, and Operations Managers,

Melo @ nine tte ny employees, including a sakes team of four and an operations team of 15.

Hired, trained, and coached the sales Kohima Menger tice | implementing sales team Rolle nn L and yuna gate nee
Lead saks calls with team members to establish Eran secant ater

SHS asics ewer existing members. A Resolved club member eyecare

Use SeB rr cLiaralneoRS Ea bea ilineturelune ey earch eee

Ordered supplies for maintenance staffand member Blranibed

Reduced annual spending on payroll and supplies.

Created a culture of; ‘accountability and trust.

Fitness Service Director Jan 2014 to EAC)
Company Name it4 City , State

® Price presented new members regarding personal training pete Tae
* Paired new clients with personal trainers.
* Consistently exceeded monthly FLehloe

Insurance Agent Jun 2013 to Dee 2013
Company Name it City, State

de Ob lceRvoay we Roc ey changing insurance needs by selling health, dental, accident, travel, and limited bacon tNmstctneed
