CERTIFIED PERSONAL TRAINER AND GROUP FITNESS INSTRUCTOR

Summary

Wellness professional, certified personal trainer and group fitness Instructor with formal training not only in health and fitness but also business
development, kadership, marketing and commumications. Extensive sales and customer service experience. Goal oriented and selfmotivated with
talent in motivating others and takes great pride in developing customized fitness and nutrition plans to meet individual client goals. Core
Qualifications Individual and group fitness programming specialist Excellent sales and commumication skills Wellness Coach New customer
Pers he G I LeccHoCcc rune VMits reese tlie Sica eNeHneniLeM Kec ticS nee Une aLLel at Recah Oya
Proficient Understanding of human anatomy Relationship buikding expert Certified ACE Personal Trainer Exceptional multi-tasker AFAA Certified
Group Fitness Instructor Organized and efficient Tabata Boot Camp Certified Coach Motivated team player Goaloriented

brairestbeny

Master of Science : Communications - Media Management , 1995 Virginia Commonwealth University 1/4 City , State , USA Communications -
Media Management Concentration communications, marketing and public relations. Coursework in business management with a focus on media.
Additional coursework in economics and finance.

Bachelor of Arts : Journalism marketing , 1985 Radford University i City , State , USA Journalism marketing

schivor anes

Certified Personal Trainer and Group Fitness Instructor

ole WAU eGo sctivan ct eR y/Or ames

Developed and implemented training programs to ensure clients reach fitness goals.

Led clients and groups ofall ages through personal workouts and skill development training,

Administered fitness assessments.

Counseled clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits.

Wrote fitness articles for publication in club marketing pieces.

Developed and implemented fitness challenges for members to increase club visits and generate excitement.
Encouraged and motivated members to attend group fitness classes.

Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales.

Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client.

Contributed to the operation ofa clean, friendly and well maintained health club.

Education Specialist
April2011 to November 2012 Company Nan i City , State

* Facilitated relationship buiking and marketed online and in-house education programs to accounting professionals working in finys
companies, governmental agencies and associations Developed and implement online keaming initiatives Created and executed on-going
comprehensive sales plan for education programs Analyzed market research as well as member database to target programs and marketing
efforts Worked closely with marketing team to create and implement marketing plans Collaborated with Senior Education Manager on new
content/course development as well as evaluating new educational training opportunities/providers including group self-study and online CPE
Negotiated pricing and contracts with clients, speakers and vendors Coordinated delivery of education programs Oversaw database
management and tracking of the in-house and online programs Responsible for in-house and online budget financial tracking in a effort to
monitor goal attainment Edited conference and seminar footage for webcast and self-study production.

RE ee CON EIIS
May 2006 to April2011 Company Narre 1% City , State

© Developed and maintained excellent working relationship with discussion keaders, vendors, firms, and companies in order to increase sales
Created sales proposals for customized CPE training to recruit new clients and retain existing clients Worked with vendors to provide in-
house education programs to firms, companies, governmental agencies and associations.

© Course administration as needed.

Adiinistrative Coordinator
September 2002 to May 2006 Company Name

© Managed member database Worked closely with owners to develop targeted marketing plan to maximize membership Coordinated
communications and built relationships between competitive gymmastics team staffand parent organization Handled incoming calls from the
public, answering program questions and taking registrations.

Affiliations

Member - Indoor Cycling Association Member - Idea Health and Fitness Association Member - PT On The Net

als

accounting, budget, business management, competitive, content, contracts, course developrrent, client, clients, database management, database,
delivery, economics, finance, financial, focus, marketing plan, marketing plans, market research, marketing, pricing, proposals, public relations,
publication, relationship building, sales, training programs, artickes
