EQUIPMENT OPERATOR AND FITNESS LEADER

Professional Summary

Certified nurse assistant/home health aide Highly motivated honorable veteran seeking to transition into healthcare as a Nursing Assistant initially
and Registered Nurse ultimately. Accomplished equipment operator outfitted with 5 years of comprehensive expertise and achievements in
operations, fitness management, process improvement, and superb trainer. Adept in program and project management complemented with fimess
acumen across diverse cultures and economies. Established record of reliability and creating positive rapport with clients, staff, and family.
Extrenely effective in denmnding and fast-paced enviromments with proven patience and compassion for work and personnel. Core Competencies
Problem Solving and Decision Making Risk Management and Assessment Extensive Leadership Experience Interpersonal Awareness and
Relations Security Clearance Computer Competency Flexibility Client Service

Professional Experience

Equipment Operator and Fitness Leader

RET gal RRR Gara clan ti cha OTM mECIT| Ce

Effectively trained 30 members on equipment operations that led members to obtaining licenses for HMMWV, 11K-12K forkliff, MTVR
Cargo, MTVR Dunp, and 40 passenger bus.

Efforts resulted in the command's mission to support 4 projects.

Hand sekcted to perform monthly serialized inspections of 175 M9 pistols, 420 M16 assault rifles, 3 AT4's and 12 MK19's.

Thorough attention to detail resulted in zero discrepancies for the command's annual inspection.

As crewmember for runway project, loaded and placed 55 gabion baskets and mixed 75 bags of chemical additive to the pulverized soil
which provided proper erosion protection.

Additionally, loaded, transported, and dumped 14 tons ofscrap metal and 200 cubic yards of top soil which enabled 2 prinmry project
eerivet cheno ce nec a

© Always reaching for highest level of growth and development through education and community involvement.

© Completed Associate Degree in General studies, Certified Nurse Assistant, and Home Health Aide in between training and competing in 2
half marathons.

In addition, volunteered for Special Olympics relay, Breast Cancer Awareness 5K, Walk for Alzheimer’s, Sexual Assault Awareness relay,
Bo cerlon YC URI IRe CO Cueraceneniociseealbem iia

Equipment Operator, Fitness Leader
January 2010 to January 2013 Company Name

© Administration and Management Lead operator for utilities branch water distribution system repairs.

Worked extended hours to restore water service and fire-fighting capabilities during the repair of two water breaks and the replacement of
RB ied niece

Flawkssly operated a grader, backhoe, roller, and mud hog for 34 hours removing 11,250 square foot of spoilage and channeled over
4,000 gallons of storm nmoff to prevent base flooding,

As Base Support Vehicles and Equipment Operator fitness kader, personally developed and led fitness prograrrs tailored to members on
limited duty.

Mirerero oem reccroeR arb lines strode Loni Lacan een rece neo eI (m

¢ Displayed unsurpassed skills in directing creatively designed fitness classes to 33 members that increased physical readiness 97%,
Expertly applied problem solving skills to a multitude of issues presented by various custorers relating to Base Support Vehicles and
Equipment Operator Dispatch, making sure customer needs were addressed ina timely manner and all tasks were completed within
restrictive deadlines.

Effectively managed accountability and serviceability of 365 pieces of support equipment and coordinated a prompt schedule with 58
CIS e MES Ne nUPa Ree Ia NEN GIVE LLen ues resteecm

Provided 600 hours of on-the-job training ensuring minimal equipment down time due to improper use, allowing members to cama new
fore noclliccmt eg irre Mectomiche et Resa ola

Merchandiser Costco
January 2008 to January 2010 City , State

Stocked, straightened, shrink-wrapped, and labeled merchandise for sale in the warehouse while following standard merchandise standards
and precautions keeping sales floor clear of debris and empty pallets.

Assembled and constructed 100+ display models and safely secured them for public showing.

Enhanced seasonal sales by creatively organizing merchandise that intrigued customers to explore the product and encouraged customers to
purchase the product.

* Provided prompt and courteous customer service to members, employees, and suppliers.

© Helped members to load merchandise into their carts/vehicks, directed members to merchandise, and relayed proper knowledge of
merchandise to customers and employees.

Education and Training

Bachelor's Degree : Nursing , 2018 Califomia State University Stanishus 1 City , State Nursing

Associate's Degree : General Studies , 2014 University of Maryland University 14 City , State General Studies Licensed Vocational Nurse
Pica cosl

Certified Nurse Assistant : 2014 NCP Colkge of Nursing 1% City , State

U.S. Navy Certified Fitness Leader Completed 2013 Naval Air Station - Sicily, IT U.S. Navy Certified Operational Fitness and Fueling Series
