GROUP FITNESS INSTRUCTOR

Summary

Experienced, passionate and highly motivated fimess professional focused on creating dynamic and positive experiences for finess members. Well
organized and reliable with excellent leadership and teanmork skills.

Highlights

schivor anes

Oe ginecw iced

AT PANEL Ot cra Gon snarl a TLOLNemSraCc)

© Teach fitness chsses ensuring safe, effective and fim workouts for all level.

© Provide challenging options and modifications as needed.

* Observe and model good body mechanics.

© Communicate regularly with members to enhance knowledge of exercises, body alignment and exercise safety.

* Motivate members to be consistent, work toward achieving their goal, be fit and be happy.

« Accomplishirent: Recipient of Group Fitness Instructor of the Year Award (2010) Recipient of CanDo Stars Award.

Oe ginecw iced

Noverber 2005 to May 2007 Company Name 14 City , State
Fitness Instructor

March 2005 to September 2006 Company Name 1 City , State

Cee cS neces cece Om en cEcicih cm edie and

© Used body weight, resistance equipment (ie,resistance.

* tubing) and general surroundings to provide effective, safe and fim workouts for class participants.
¢ Observed and.

© modeled good body mechanics.

* Acted as role model and motivated participants to be fit and active moms.

Oe ginecw iced

August 2003 to November 2005 Company Naim i City , State
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative

June 1999 to February 2004 Company Name i% City , State

* Managed NY territory, marketing and selling a portfolio of arthritis, asthma and osteoporosis products to doctors, surgeons and
piety

© Coordinated and conducted routine business/territory analysis to identify business opportunities and competitive threats.

* Served as District Champion for Singuhir, providing strong keadership to the district by communicating frequently on new bulletins, and
different initiatives.

© Demonstrated how to use competitive resources to district and NJ Region.

* Planned and executed health education programs for colleagues and physicians.

Mentored two new representatives in 2001, assisting both in becoming successful in their jobs and hence providing management with

valuable assistance in area of people management.

* Built strong customer relationships by provided high value-adding services to physician offices and phanmcists.

Consistently achieved top product market shares across the NJ region during tenure.

Accomplishments: Recipient of NJ district Leadership award 2002 Recipient of Going the Extra MILE Award (1Q 2001) and numerous

business driver incentives Winner of sales performance incentive trip for two consecutive years.

Product Marketing Specialist
June 1997 to June 1999 Company Name 1% City , State

Product management of Canon's Office Products Line.

Responsibilities included launching new products for major accounts such as Office Depot, Staples and Office Max.

Acted as Staples' Key Account Representative coordinating all trainings and public events for Stapks Stores natiomvide.

Conducted national training programs for internal and outside sales personnel and Canon subsidiaries in 14 states throughout the Northeast.
Provided consulting services in areas of product training and product placement for all major accounts Assisted management team in the
development of new marketing materials used for product training,

Collected and analyzed sales support data, competitive facts and other marketing info in order to keep abreast of emerging technologies and
Fseremcaelse a opine steep ania

Accomplishments: Represented Canon Inc.

on Staples and Office Depots' Live training broadcasts viewed by sales associates nationwide Represented Canon Inc.

on QVC, cable television's home shopping network.

Promoted select product and sold over 2,500 units for Canon.

Two time recipient of The Marketing Diplomat Award, recognized by management for providing superior customer service and kadership.

Public Relations Representative
August 1993 to June 1995 Company Narre 1% City , State
