UTNE UVAUIN TELS
Professional Summary

Articulate Certified Personal Trainer driven to succeed. Strategic planning and client relationship management expert. Looking to advance my
career here at Planet Fitness and take my member oriented approach to a reach a much larger scale of members.

Core Qualifications
* Very broad background in Fitness Industry.
¢ Graduated in the top 10% in my graduating class. COUN Siw .ven@ociiicim
© 15+ years motivating people as a coach getting people to © ASFA Certified Fitness Trainer.
eso m Monn nem © 10+ years of doing public speaking engagements in the sport of softball
© Diverse background with coaching/fitness/sales. el iejnceuekuenie pecs
© Expert commumicator to help drive success and motivate.

schivor anes
eircom tency
August 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Taught and implemented all classes in the PE@PF schedule.

Made great relationships with members and gave them+1%,

Designed specific workouts for each member and made myself available to make the members feel special about what they are doing.
Added to the biggest loser class to nuke it more effective and enjoyable to our members.

© Taught over 40+ chsses per week.

Assistant Softball Coach/Recruiting Coordinator
RET gal RRR Gara clan ti cha OTM mECIT| Ce

¢ Plan, organize, and conduct practice sessions.

© Plan and direct physical conditioning programs that will enable athletes to achieve maximum perfonmarce.

© Identify and recruit potential student athletes by attending games, sending recruitment ketters, and meeting and conducting tours with potential
recruits on campus.

Ability to use FrontRush application daily to monitor our recruiting database and maintain relationships with potential student-athletes.
Coached 2013 NAC Rookie of the Year and on staff that won 2013 Coach of the Year Honors.

Assistant Softball CoachyStrength and Conditioning Coach
September 2012 to August 2013 Company Name 14 City , State

© Aided in finding colleges for all fourteen members of team ranging from Division I to Division III.

© Built strong networking relationships with college coaches at each level and was able to travel across the country during this time to hone my
skills.

© Serve as tournament host including scheduling of games, staff, outside vendors.

Golf Department Manager/Senior Sales
January 2011 to December 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

RO) minl tc Mace MIC ome Ome mcoeaRuensiM Ce Om Eee Litem

Placed special orders or call other stores to find desired items.

Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Recommended, selected, and helped locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

a tentekl BELO Ko One ur RcmULeriLe PAU nvm oe

rluleceat sO eeoa cen NUN ROTM Azan nCe ncn

FN aba Doeleccan eae Sao coats Aare @eeenedog
September 2006 to August 2010 Company Name 14 City , State

Scheduled all athletic facility requests for athletic departrent as well as outside interests.

No ret en conc MB ICHLA Eh Cok oi atet a ee Omron aU aLaeaeciiPc eC Cl ECO ager ee cass alicn
Urecce Net rceti eerie ane siisina keane oud oem une Latemegecliterelt a

Participated in faculty and college committee activities.

Represented institution at community and campus events, in meetings with other institution personnel, and during accreditation processes.
Managed all equipment for all six varsity sports and all of our intramural programs.

Acted as site manager for soccer, basketball, and softball events on campus.

Ako managed fied maintenance ofall athletic facilities on campus which included soccer and softball field along with our college gymasium.
Scheduled student-workers for to ensure fitness center was up to date. Alo made recommendations for new equipment and made sure that
ieee hoenMvccp esuarhest@seeRNoneKecicn

Assistant Softball Coach
