OPERATIONS MANAGER
Excuu linens iine iad

A highly accomplished, versatile and respected professional with over 12 years in Teninal Operations at the Port of Los Angeks. Tenminal
Operations is a time sensitive, high pressure, and diverse environment which you collaboratively work with customers, the union work force, and
internal management along with federal, state and local agencies to navigate a myriad of contract rules, regulations, lease agreements and laws. As
an Operations Manager, I have advanced knowledge in working with all facets of terminal operations; Customer Service, Rail, Vessel, Terminal
planning and yard fimctions. Initiated cost reductions, streant lined dock work functions and similar to an industrial designer reconfigured and
taximized the use of terminal space to accommodate the growth in volume. Consistently achieves outstanding results in complex situations while
building and maintaining strong, loyal relations with clients, colleagues and staff. Being a keader in this environment challenges you to think beyond
the simple choice and reach for the impossible answers while maintaining the integrity of all the moving parts.

Core Qualifications
© Service Quality Improvement

¢ Extensive knowledge ofall operating aspects of Vessel, Rails, Yard and Tenninal arene rine

Operations. o ing ; i
ea eon los ies eave ee RS TCU aaa ical
SES pe id © Productivity Reporting

© Cross Departmental Communications one teen tas

Usefecteal poker and
OP ayer uom tT PAU UPR ROT acne sr Tia Nt e Or NAST EC

Managed Yard and Terminal Operations Center

SuperIndendent of RailRoad Departrent, Vessel Operations and Customer Service

Solicited operational feedback from Union and implemented those recommendations, improved by 23%

i oe craicbub mera emiict ae recd har iicdebe sos ney SOR LIVE Riots

ORO T SPC eee er seeuclro sO Bosc lnice sb iouesL at Reno M esa tete kelsatate
Reduction in tum-times averages (industry metric measuring efficiency) from 30.15 minutes to 28.33 minutes

a Sy Ocoee Vole Rom Rouen eb reeclainaucrieR dex reran ane

Redesigned traffic pattems to improve safety and cargo movement

Cross-trained staff on operational goals, payroll accuracy, policies and inter-departmental communication
Creates a supportive team environment where all ideas valued

ee

Management Assistant 01/2000 to 01/2002 Company Name City , State
Fket Service Clerk 01/1998 to 01/2002 Company Name City , State
Personal Fitness trainer 01/1997 to 01/2002 Company Name City , State

Pe See Bum aiuesedianl c Rocce Late nen ator ROR Raranceena rei tree else
SE er ac Ake BuNUb ge ela aera orm TE Me Rossin costed acter ne kanedal nar tokio oe
Pgs bocce

Beal Testt oy

M.B.A : Alternative Dispute 1 2008 Pepperdine University City, State Alternative Dispute The emphasis of my MBA is in alternative dispute
resolution which focuses on leadership, business negotiations (collective bargaining, arbitration and mediation) and conflict resolution.

B.A : Business Administration 1 1999 Whittier College City , State

Business Administration

Peter D. Veazey
Xcode sisetp ancy

Hazardous Materials Training Awareness Weber Readiness, 2050 John S.

Gibson San Pedro, CA, 2013 to 2016.

‘The course discusses awareness to Hazardous Chemicals and when combined or in close proximity can create deadly results.

Driving Change, DDI, Ports Arrerica So Cal regional Office, 2013.

This course helps keaders implement change in the workphce so they can avoid the problems that phgue 70% of failed change initiatives.
Driving Change provides the skills and resources leaders need to accelerate the process of implementing change with their team members
Dera LeU Eula aaa nana Late oes ei R inetd Oars

Leaders keam how to use three Change Accelerators to tum resistance into commitment and inspire team members to take ownership of
orale

¢ Conflict Resolution, The Works Consulting, Ports America So Cal Regional Office, 2013.

Communication Dynamics Emotional Intelligence, Houston Partners International, Ports Amrerica So Cal Regional Office, 2012
Communication for Leadership Success, DDI, Ports America So Cal Regional Office, 2013.

This course introduces leaders to the essential interaction skilfs that are critical to leadership success.

‘These Interaction Essentials are the core behaviors that kaders need to be efféctive in the many situations they handle on a daily basis, such

as coaching, dekgating, and driving change.

Ce ee ee)
