CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTACTIVE
Summary
Energetic Customer Service Associate with strong time managerrent skills who thrives ina fast-paced, dynamic environment. Dedicated Customer
Service Representative who provides exceptional customer service through active listening and problem solving. Call Center Representative with
expertise providing customer support in high call volume enviroments. Exceptional computer aptitude and telephone etiquette. Hands-on
Customer Service Manager effective in motivating others to reach their optinum potential.
Highlights
CW AEOibeme ie ane
At-hore daycare professional
Emotionally supportive
Self-sufficient and confident
Positive and optimistic
ov) cmerentee
IO elieaseecnee ies
Exceptional communication skills
Quick keamer
Niieekaanmselstceyics
Credit card processing
Multi-line phone talent

Accomplishments

Exceeded all company goal and personal goals. excellent average handk time and outstanding Customer satisfaction reports. Received numerous
complirents from members.

schivor anes

Customer Service Representactive 08/2014 to Current Company Name City , State Processed Se i PEM IICMeS cule cman telnet et ky
and cancellations. Submitted up-to-date activity and production logs to agency management for review. Presented and clearly explained insurance
policy options to clients based on their needs and goals. Called 20-30A lapsed customers cachA day to inquire about continuing needs, Handled
escahted calls. Researched cases, pay by phone, handled vendor retum unit calls and alo took Supervisor calls. Became a researcher/Supervisor
withinA 3 months of start date.

Office Manager/ Fitness Instructor 04/2013 to 08/2014 Company Name City , State

¢ Recruited an average of 7 new participants each month.

Exphined exercise modifications and contraindicated moverments to participants with a history of injury.
Cultivated positive relationships with participants by interacting with them during group fitness classes.
Greeted all members in a professional and friendly manner.

Developed safe and effective exercise programs for all members.

Exphined class objectives and rules.

Customer Service Associate 01/2013 to 04/2013 Company Name City , State

« Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
¢ Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to 30 calls in queue per minute.
© Acted professionally and patiently when addressing negative customer feedback.

Customer Service Associate 08/2012 to 01/2013 Company Name City , State
© Assessed clients’ financial situations to develop strategic financial planning solutions.
Daycare Assistant/ Office Manager 04/2010 to 08/2012 Company Name City , State

Promoted good behavior by using the positive reinforcement method.

Promoted ngage developrrent skills through reading and storytelling.

Assisted the lead teacher with snack time, arts and crafts and putting the children down for naps.
Relieved the head teacher and toddler teacher.

Dressed children and changed diapers.

Communicated regularly with parents about daily activities and behaviors.

Offered parents detailed daily reports that outlmed their child's day.

Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.
Maintaineda chiki- friendly environment by allowing frequent access to outdoor activities.
Sparked inngination by helping children discover new things each day.

Sparked inngination by helping children discover new things each day.

Customer Service Rep 01/2009 to 04/2010 Company Nan City , State

¢ Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
© Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to 25 calls in queue per minute.
« Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.
