FITNESS INSTRUCTOR,
Summary
Tam found to be affable, responsible and enthusiastic, with an impeccable ability to kam new tasks quickly, while growing customer relationships
and maintaining constant satisfaction. I represent any establishment with a congenial, professional demeanor at all times, with a contagious smile
Freon ne come Mino erares talc On eecoa eae Ae Seah ecm MIEEIL err etM RL aknaR me cctriine
experience I encounter is not only a blessing, but an honor to say the least. I ama highly driven individual who strives for the best in all that I do. I
ama peopk-person and can form rehtionships with nearly everyone I come into contact with. I ama valuable asset to any team that wishes to
obtain only the finest, and most organic individual. I am trustworthy, honest, and as hardworking as they come. Challenges are passed along my
way because it is known that I will find the best and most effective ways in solving thmA

Skills

Ca Bena ey.
CM uclrecnemunn nie
Pema daanp ities ore.
Oey Bictcrar.8

Ce rene ra NtMnK carey
CMe Verret (o7.8

Cuca arsswe) cae.

Accomplishments

Oreos insane onintety ee incr.

PPM aick ol conn ee trom Trae ninucntace hrm nel) einer cena ontarci ce.
© Represented my community in California as the year’s reigning pageant princess, with countless hours of community service.
CO ret PR oneceit (mailer OB rele bs ROLE Lem CNUs Tite Raa

© Underwent heart surgery at the age of 15, and overcame the various physical set backs that hindered me for so long. A

schivor anes

05/2017 to Current

Fitness Instructor Company Name it City , State As a fresh faced fitness instructor, I am new to the game. I have a deep Jove for health and
wellness and after weeks of training alongside strong, qualified wornen. I was chosen to kad men and women alike in the teaching of various fitness
workouts including: barre, strength training, and HIIT. I resume my position when I retum to school in the fall. Within this position I must disphy
inmrense responsibility, mindfulness, and compassion to all that step into my studio.A

03/2017

Sub Maker Company Name 1% City , State Here at Jersey Mike's, I leamed how to deal with intense, fast-paced food service. Showing not only
speed but quality and efficiency. With a constant flow of customers going in and out, it is not only important to be quick thinking, but also being
attentive to detail and customer satisfaction. I worked register, as well as a sub “dresser” and handled various situations. I had a smile painted on
ny face, and truly made my customers’ experience at Jersey Mike's a great one. I aim for excellence in all that I do, and when I do something I
want it done right the first time around.A

PECL PNG

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

© Specialized in sakes of Alex and Ani jewelry, Brighton jewelry and Pandora jewelry. Worked as a saks representative, greeter, and
cashiered at the register.
© Provided excellent customer service.

06/2014 to 06/2015
Sterilization Technician Company Narre 1% City , State

« Answered telephones and give appropriate information to callers.

© Greeted visitors and handled their inquiries or directed them to appropriate persons according to their needs.
* Order and dispense supplies.

* Sterilize tools for usage.

Education and Training

vr)

Bachelor of Arts : Hun Resources and International Business Law Liberty University 4 City , State , U.S.A. I arrived here at LU in the Fall of
2017, pursuing a degree in one of the most rigorous majors in the school of business. I aim to lear the ins and outs of every corporation I work
for one day as an HR Director. And have particular interests in companies involving health and wellness.A

vA

Associate of Arts : Liberal Arts College of the Canyons Valencia 1% State , United States Liberal Arts I have attended my community college since
T was a junior in high school. By participating in dual enrollment I was abk to finish up my Associate's Degree just one year after graduating high
school. Academy of the Canyons Valencia , California , United States Here at AOC I was able to be both a high school student and colkege
student simultancously by being enrolled at what is referred to as, a middle college. I stayed at Academy of the Canyons for my 2013-2014
academic year.

vA}

Valencia High School 14 City , State , United States I started at Valencia High School my freshman year, transferred out to Academy of the
