AU CPN US MICE PUNE
Summary
To obtain a job within my chosen field that will challenge me and allow me to use my education, skills and past experiences in a way that is
mutually beneficial to both myselfand my employer for future growth and advancement.

als
CMe iheneccecsics’ « Vaccination set-up and administration
* Blood draws * Post-surgical care
© Fecal sampk analysis CMA eurementcs
© Instrument packing © Swine car notching
© Surgical set-up and assisting * Ovine and caprine car tagging
Or tretiva beset CMe walescsicee ccontivect vest)
CS) eseksireste © Smnll and large animal restraining
© Swine tecth clipping * AnimlCPCR
© Swine tail docking CP elrnuiccowmtesiceeie)
Ceol ore © Dentistry
© Surgical prep * Reffactometer reading
Cee Bur D.Srig © Compound microscope
Cae ol Pahg © Centrifuge
CUBE netcoreet Cee trecinaremrisa rnc.
schivor anes
09/2015 to Current

Accor tR PaCS @e i ecTIVaN GUL Ry /Orb ESSEC

Spay and neuter clinic. Also provides vaccinations, heart worm prevention, microchipping, heart worm testing, flea and tick prevention,
LeukemivFIV testing, deworming. My responsbilities Include assisting the doctor in surgery, answering phones, checking in patients, checking out
patients, scheduling appointments, prepping animals for surgery, anesthesia monitoring, packing instrurents, cleaning kennels, post-surgical care,
administering vaccines and microchips, IV catheter placement, intubating dogs and cats, client education

OPT OR Ree.)

Trainer/Waitress/Bartender/Shift leader Company Name 14 City , State

* Popular family restaurant chain that serves a variety of food, drink and alcoholic beverages.
¢ Asa trainer, I was given the opportunity to help open new stores all across the United States.
© Iwas ako one of the few that was able to teach classrooms to new employees and provide training during their training period.

ORL e000)
Receptionist Company Name 14 City , State

* Fullservice fimess center
© Front desk receptionist

CEG euaelcncs

© Answer phone.

brairestbeny

Ov

Associate of Applied Science : Veterinary Technology Oklahoma State University-OKC 14 City , State , USA
American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) accredited program

ely .t Ries

1996

High Schoo! Diplomm : General studies Coweta High School 1% City , State , USA

Selected Training and Certifications

Anatomy and Physiology I and II
Lab Techniques I and II

Cone atin rere

Breeds, Restraint and First Aid
Veterinary Terminology

Retro eg

Phammcology

Clinics and Nursing

Advanced Clinics and Nursing
Animal Pathology

Animal Reproduction and Nutrition
Wild Zoo Lab Animal Care

Certification Received:A Registered Veterinary Technician; VISE passed on August 8, 2017, VINE passed on August 14, 2017
