SALES ASSOCIATE/CASHIER
AStarenetag
Ne cutee cued hea eae Deo A VEL RU Ua AUC CRUE RCL ences Gna POD cnet
professional demeanor A- Once well with little to no supervision A- Excels ina busy environment, customer service, inventory and taking
responsibility of assigned work.
Friendly Sales Associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. Excellent multi-tasker and
ones a\na
Bt
Key Skills

¢ Verbal Communication

© Initiative

¢ Fkxbility

Experience
TAU CEO Otros
Sales Associate/Cashier Company Name 1’ City , State

¢ Met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance.
Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice. a€<
© Trained all new sales employees on effective techniques.
Ce Nav owncem tierce em clea tlaneranyives
Worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels.
¢ Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeabke responses.

07/2012 to 0122013
Company Name 1% City , State

¢ [make and answer phone call regarding clients billing issues I greet greet clients to the gymand answer any and all question they may have.

11/2009 to 01/2016
Saks Associate Company Name it City , State

WEE Selene ces aioe ty

Trusted to handle monetary transactions, cashier.

Perform opening and closing procedures.

Follow through with customer questions, concems, and escalated issues when needed to management in regard to customers comphints.
Ponce ee rectcE Oldman oan ialeinieu ne coe

Perform product sakes and customer service by suggesting additional add-ons or features that the customer was not aware of Skills used.
Oona emcc ance

Ojiav eRe) thence oars einem evel aitse

Soran mars am on acm

Always punctualNever Called Out).

COO HINA nen YL ON MMRSIHIC!

Education and Training

vA Tt)

Business and Computer science Norwalk Community College 1% City , State
SSIs

billing, cashier, closing, clients, customer service, features, neat, ons, sakes, phone
Additional Information

¢ AWARDS Victoria's Secret August 2014 Employee of the month Victoria Secret August 2015 Employee of the month

Puneet es pens
Araki ouiad

¢ Enmphoyee for the month August 2015
