CHILD CENTER ASST DEPT HEAD
Summary

To obtain a position as a personable Executive Assistant who capably maintains open lines of communication among senior executives, board
et CARMI SOs) OMT) eB ETaTLe ny enasle cisternal wen cs im

Highlights
* Results-oriented
Cem bivebrraiiuaneng © Meeting planning
CMe Dcereslcckocliiye Acme Pecebrrainicone ene
* Proper phone etiquette © Strong probkemsobher
© Professional and mature

Accomplishments

Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocol. I Coordinated all department fimetions for
team of 30+ employees.

schivor anes
Chik Center Asst dept head 05/2009 to Current Company Name City , State

© Kids Activities Assistant Department Head Assist in managing the operational, financial, and budgetary responsibility for the Kids Activity
programming and Child Center area.

¢ Market, promote, and sell Kids Activities programs throughout the club and in the commumity to increase participation in all our different
onic geceuclttce

* Plan program curriculum, prepares program scheduks, and registers participants Articulate extensive knowledge of Life Time Fitness
programs, products, services, policies, and procedures I provide outstanding customer service by developing positive relationships with
members everyday.

Early Childhood Assistant Teacher 05/2009 to 09/2009 Company Nan City , State

Assist in pinning and implementing the daily program under the direction of the Lead Teacher, which included lesson plans using NAEYC's
developmentally appropriate Practices.

¢ Assist in phnning and preparing the eaming environment, setting up interest centers, and preparing needed mnterials and supplies.

© Supervise the classroom when the Lead Teacher is out ofthe room

* Worked closely with the site director, family care workers, classroom teaching team and other specialists.

Chik Center Department Head 03/2007 to 04/2008 Company Name City , State

to supervise and promote activities designed to enhance the healthy emotional, social, intellectual, and physical development of children
enrolled at the Center Help to maintain a neat and organized chssroom

Oversees daily operations, managing a team of 32 employees

Diliccbecinutonccmile sy etmelciucs iar ein cooul oh atom enliisitelccitlestatateccy

Responsibilities including administrative, recruiting , personnel issues, policies and procedures, and payroll.

tii) arranauesesernys acm

Maintain ongoing communication with parents regarding children's activities, behavior, and development, and responded to all parents
Conscnor cri La mace

Maintain records and reports on each child that comes to the Chik Center.

Child Center Assistant Department Head 05/2005 to 03/2007 Company Name City , State

© Assist the Department Head with the overall direction, coordination and management of the Child Center.

Assist with ensuring continuous professional growth and development of Child Center staf

¢ Assist with recruiting and interviewing and employee paperwork for the Child Center.

© Engage children in interactive educational activities that include story telling, organized arts & crafis, singing, and ganvs.

Member Activities Assistant Departrent head/ Fitness Instructor 11/2003 to 05/2005 Company Nanx City , State

© Received and screened a high volun of intemal and external communications, including email and mail.

CAE no anU nie tiiceulcen aetdan col se iciiel ee lied MeciO URC LOtCH ORNS IESE CM ees DRS Utaem

© Articulate extensive knowledge of Life Time Fitness programs, products, services, policies, and procedures Assist with training team
members through shadowing instructors, orientation, direction, and feedback.

¢ Assist with planning program and activity curriculum, prepare program schedules, and register participants.

© Also taught teen and children fitness boot camp.

* 2 Make hiring, promotion, disciplinary and termination recommendations to the Department Head.

Early Childhood Associate Teacher/School Age Lead Teacher 06/1998 to 04/2003 Company Narre City , State
