PROGRAM MANAGER
Ysotecc eral Rinineraing
A Program Mamgers working in a withdrawal managerentA facilities responsibke for supervising and coordinating staff. Duties
performedA include recruiting new employees, assigning tasks, scheduling shifts, training staff, improving patient care standards, and developing
strategies for increasing productivity.A I have integrity and a passion for performance. I am confident that my strong professional background as a
Program Manager as well as a Senior Detoxification Nurse with Metropolitan Development Council would make me an asset to your University.
Tnaddition to my experience, I possess effective communication, Customer Service skills, and I excel within a highly competitive environment with
the skill sets ofa Project Manager necessary to get the job done independently and/or as a team I have more than 14 years of professional
experience in Detox and Rehabilitation client services, business excellence, Customer care, Corporate Administration and process/change
improvements. I have excellent interpersonal and teant-buikling skilb. I have the ability to manage supply and chain budgets, medical records,
employee performance evaluation, staffrecruitment, and retention and quality improvement. I ama Program Manager/Lead clinical nurse who
consults and collaborates with other health care professionals to coordimte the management of patient care and the daily fimction ofa 16 bed
detoxification center and 12 bed sobering center. I amsuccessfill at communicating with all levels of management to ensure project and
organizational goals are achieved. And my Career in the US Anny as a Squad leader gives me the Leadership skills to head any project from
beginning to completion.
I Rance)
Licensed Practical Nurse
Skill Highlights

© Management

Committed to compliance reporting ¢ Withdrawal Management
Sees aee ease CMAN NB)onistnates
Successfil treatment of Drug and Alcohol addiction patients 6 CPR First Aid Instructor
PCIE Cany

Familiarity with disease management programs

Trained in in- and out-patient care

Professional Experience

Company Name June 2013 to Current Program Manager

© Mange 16 bed detoxification unit and 12 bed sobering center, mange and supervise the day to day operation of both inpatient and
outpatient facilities. Select, supervise, train, develop, and evaluate staff Maintain licenses and certification for both inpatient and outpatient
treatment Provide patient care, ensure safety and discharge plan Available 24/7 via cell phone for staff consult and staffing issues.

Company Name June 2000 to June 2013 Rehabilitation/Detox Lead Nurse

© Patient care, medication administration, transcribe doctors’ orders, Provide quality care to patients Attend to clients Physical and emotional
needs.

* Coordinate affercare treatment; maintain accountability for medications, patients and Hospital equipment.

© Coordinate duties with program director and perform duties in Program Directors absence, ensure program staffing, ensure Rehabilitation
center has adequate supplies, sign purchase requisition.

* Advising the Vice President of social and health services of any emergency that my arise and correction of any staff errors.

© Consult with physician with any emergency health concems.

© Scheduling of inpatient admission, commumity resource appointrents, Constant use of office equipment.

Company Name September 1997 to April 2005 SSG, Squad Leader, Physical Fitness Instructor

© Critical care, Cardiac nurse, Patient Care, Charting, give medication.
* Counseling soldiers.

Education and Training
City University of Seattle 2012 Bachelor of Arts : Management City , State GPA: GPA: 3.3

Managenent

Se esr STOP nin mateo Re ace chocm ba) 5 ON MEN oh Ol tk] Wate
Accomplishments

* Aid Ministry Provide medical aid during ministry service Provide eye exam to back to school student during win the neighbor Holiday
Chef Tacoma Detoxification Center Provided, prepared and served meal Other Skills Registered counselor 201 0(expired) BLS instructor
Certificate Non-profit Management 2013 University of Washington Master in Tae kwon do AVADE instructor Affiliations National
federation of license Practical Nurses World Tae kwon do Federation American Cancer Society.

Personal Information

Tam certain that I can make a significant contribution and I look forward to the opportunity to speak with you. To firther acquaint you with the
specifics of my background, I amenclosing a list of specific points that I feel make me a perfect fit for WGU. Thank you for your time and
consideration, Tonia Hess

als
