RECEIVING MANAGER
Summary

Reliable Manager demonstrating high level of ownership and initiative. Possessing exceptional work ethic and desire to go above and beyond to
exceed company expectations. Offering knack for building productive working relationships. Successfull in fast-paced, deadline-driven
ONTO CHCR Oa e eRe RIDER CatKeAne Hen SAPS UNA a nanan Hime eae aivaRe i trelice

als
ae eee Se onto pots
cd
oT me to ane © Store operations oversight
.s aa (allele Cmsietiduchmecestne Release lense
i, ts iain he Shas © Outstanding communication skills

Sich Abarat CM NanUbnaesaniiiaiens

ay © Schedule management
SSL SE LOS CIO Rr cn. ae rans
* Operating equipment © Problemresolution
© Logistics oversight eee ey
° eects AB ener a
aes Sie © Working collaboratively
© Team building

schivor anes

Company Name | City , State Receiving Manager 08/2020 - Current

Oleic cLen aOR OB nit Reo UNmoiLe ces Mine miei. lee

Opened and checked deliveries to verify contents and resolve issues with vendors promptly.

Prepared accurate shipping orders and bills of ding to direct and route materials.

Received and staged incoming inventory for movement to storage or sales floor.

Supervised warehouse team, including schedule management, training and task delegation.

Kept stockroom free of hazards, working efficiently and properly organized.

Investigated inventory discrepancies to nnintain recordkeeping validity.

Partnered with vendor representatives to rectify damages and shortages.

Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.
Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.

Company Name | City , State Closing Store Manager 04/2019 - 08/2020

Guided team to consistently achieve daily, weekly and monthly goals.

Oversaw team of 25+ associates.

Maintained consistent daily operations by establishing procedures and monitoring team performance.

Assessed each employee's individual strengths and delivered mentoring to improve upon weak skill levels.

Identified sales opportunities by analyzing multiple reports to target our lacking departments

Managed special projects through effective emergency resolution.

Maintained retail store presentation by overseeing merchandise replenishment, customer courtesy and inquiry response.
Motivated employees to share ideas and feedback.

Assessed team proficiencies, identifying and targeting areas for improvement.

We rcein RIM Leet ou eae LenS SRNL Rane

Empowered staff members to contribute to continuous improverment, quality and growth of company by using effective commumication and
fostering organic relationships.

Monitored metrics to verify asset stability.

Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport.

Prioritized sanitation, safety and health standards in work areas to meet OSHA requirements.

Generated repeat business by responding to customer concemss with ifiendly and knowledgeable service.

Company Name | City , State Assistant General Manager 04/2017 - 04/2018

Exceeded sales goals and improved profitability by aligning sales strategies and business plans with market trends.

Oversaw management and implementation of new revenue strategies, sales initiatives and customer engagement tactics to increase market
arsticm

Tracked monthly sales to generate reports for business developent planning.

Impknented CRM strategy to automate leads management.

Created and finalized quotes to complete deals between company, vendors and customers.

Developed and implemented new sales strategies to engage a bigger audience

Boosted team morale and overall sales volume by creating employee incentive sakes contests.

Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.

Generated sales by starting a healthy outreach to local businesses
