SENIOR MEDICAL RECRUITER
Summary
Versatik, results-oriented, responsible professional with creative and business achieverrents in Health and Fitness Industry, Service Industry,
Medical Recruiting Industry, as well as Customer Service Industry. A person who has the proven ability to meet business needs with creative
solutions, one who consistently demonstrates a passion to excel in business development for her customers and her company, one who utilizes
diverse strategies woven with focused qualification techniques, consultative persuasion methodology, strategic product positioning, creative
proposals, all leading to a customized solution.
Highlights
© Microsoft Word
Microsoft Office
Ese
Ril oa get
Power Point
shaniangy
Superior communication skills MS Office proficient

schivor anes
Senior Medical Recruiter
May 2013 to July 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Managed my own team within 4 months of being hired.

Received 2 promotions for the duration of me being with the company.

Fielded an average of 20-30 customer service calls per day.

Confirmed that appropriate changes were nnde to resolve customers’ problems.

Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards.

Conducted reference and background checks on all job applicants.

Pato ecco is eeninnaciiou eas ean ec ORIET ie Taetce

Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.

Managed all phases of recruitment, including defining hiring management needs and posting availabk positions.

Developed reports on employee headcount, monthly HR reports and quarterly training reports.

[Aine tccmu Ge esyyevenca melo erblearke al cces|sys)bec(vee Ric cm

Researched and recommended new sources for candidate recruiting.

Maintained an accurate candidate tracking system

Reviewed applications’ resume/curriculum vitae.Placed and assigned employees at clinics, hospitals, and other medical facilities.
Communicated efficiently with employers and employees ensuring the needs of both are met ina timely and effective manner.
Performed background checks on potential employees, as well as checking upon given references, transcripts, and credentials.
Negotiated salary, problenrsolving, and counseling and established rapport with the candidate.

oO cone ce lien

Personal Assistant
September 2009

© Assisted older adults with weight training programs by setting up equipment and providing detailed instructions.

* Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other activities in the gym to meet fitness goals.

© Led weekly meetings to review performance and offer direction, motivation and guidance toward achieving individual and Plano TX Dallas
TX Coursework in Exercise Science and Nutrition Science Sourcing Services Intemational Handled incoming and outgoing
Corecnurearecm ca henecarislmeresl ected Bihccce

Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.

Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.

Created expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.

Conducted extensive online and phone research.

Personal Trainer
Company Name

Fitness in Motion, Energy Fitness, DFW Surf Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.
Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client.

Contributed to increases in sales for the personal training departrent.

Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales.

Met mininum monthly revenue, service and customer satisfaction goals.

SATA LOS cN

brairestbeny

Associate of Science : Nursing Collin County Commumity College Nursing

OO Le IES CIPO nU ener cM UML ce Aer cinco nba eAciietR iUna\yanazelt att
Consultant Cooper Institute Of Dallas
