TERRITORY SALES CONSULTANT

[Oouw reels

Taknted sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and consistently achieves and exceeds business objectives with a customer-centric
approach. Develops long-term relationships and establishes loyalty with customers. Ability to adapt to an evolving marketplace and grow with new
roks and responsibilities.

Sumnnry of Skils

Background in GPO and formulary processes Experience in specialty, hospital and primary care sales and injectable medications
Skilled in new product and new indication launches.

Adept in providing in-services and training to clinical staff

Trained in pricing, gross profits and margins.

Broad knowledge of osteoporosis, women&apos;s health, men&apos;s health and musculoskeletal pain. Excellent communication skills.
Customer focused

Sshubwarretcles|

Accomplished in relationship selling

Professional Experience
Company Name August 2013 to Current Territory Sales Consultant
lena El CG

Oe riscere suc ree emte e near ea

© Quickly kamed a vast array of products, associated terminology, competitors, trends, challenges, reimbursement and government

reguhtion.

Responsibke for long-term relationship buikding between the customer, Cardinal Health, and other professional organizations (Group
Purchasing Organizations, etc).

Set up trials and provide in-services and training to clinical staffon proper use of various medical products.

© Work closely with decision makers in hospital settings (Value Analysis Coordinators, Materials Managers, Clinical Educators, Team Leads,

Contract Managers, Wound Care Nurses, etc).

* Provide pricing and savings while maintaining a profitable GP.
CRRA cer SM Miche
CRESS hcebinp ine he Rice e Mead Pee OSC ae aim vclerreB ime bea erin

Company Name January 2007 to July 2013 Pharmnceutical Saks Representative Program Coordinator
lena El CG

Strong Saks and Promotional Results: Nominated for Rookie of the Year after a top 11% ranking my first year with Lilly.

Awarded 3 incentive trips for top territory and district sales performance.

Highest average SOM in the district in 2012 following a new indication launch.

Eee heRBranm ele Lele Ome iC nei ecies bets

Invited to be a part of the Future Marketers ofthe West and was instrurrental in bringing the Future Marketers to the Midwest.
Chosen by management to represent Lilly at a National OB/GYN conference in Chicago.

Recognized as the district Q4 2012 and Q1 2013 Exceptional Customer Experience award winner.

Developed the Unity Champ rok to assist in strengthening a new team of sales representatives.

Responsible for Selling a Variety of Disease States and to Multiple Specialties: Built strong relationships with Rheumtologists, Pain
Management specialists and OB/GYNs.

Experience selling all facets ofan injectable medication.

Given responsibility for the specialty representatives&apos; territory calling on neurologists and anesthesiologists who treat chronic pain.
Disease state knowledge and selling experience in osteoporosis, women&apos;s health, men&apos;s health and musculoskeletal pain.
Coordinated osteoporosis trainings within clinics.

Mental Health /Licensed Mental Health Practitioner.

Company Name November 1994 to January 2007 Fitness Instructor
lena El CG

Supervised and administered the Youth in Crisis programand Youth Assessment Center clinical programs.
Oversight ofall aspects of the programs including budget allocation, quality assurance, and training.
Developed and implemented the case management program

Served as liaison to families and commumity resources.

Provided individual, group and family therapies in outpatient, residential and detention settings.

Wichreckai arn Reo enn eed een ane lee Rert en ana thet

Farrell&apos;s Extreme Bodyshaping.

Level II Instructor

Responsible for leading kickboxing and resistance training classes.
Motivate and inspire participants to improve their fitness level
Encourage healthy lifestyles through exercise and proper nutrition.
