NIGHT SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Personabk, responsibke professional with 3 years in retail and customer service dedicated to maintaining custorrer satisfaction and contribute to
company success. Results-driven and proven ability to establish rapport with clients. Looking to advance skills in customer service, sales and
marketing, hun relations, and to gain business experience and opportunities. Personal skills and qualities include punctuality, taking initiative,
joyfil and positive attitude, and commendable with finances.

alg

billngs, first aid, take messages

ened

J Tenauereh pons eemsyic

schivor anes

Night Service Representative 08/2017 to 09/2017 Company Name City , State

Responsible for member check in/customer service.

Handkd member service issues such as lost and found items, new membership cards, change of
address, EFT setup or change, and questions regarding billings and payments.

Answered all incoming inquiries and obtained appropriate information.

to direct/transfer calls or take messages.

Kept front desk area and lobby clean, clutter free, and organized.

Did inventory on front desk supplies.

including first aid kits, and reported to Operations Manager when supplies are low.

Account Manager 03/2016 to 10/2016 Company Name City , State

Obtained client informtion by answering telephone calls, interviewing clients, verifying information.

Determined eligibility by comparing client information to requirements.

Established policies by entering client information and confinming pricing,

Informed clients by exphining procedures, answering questions, and providing information.

Maintained communication equipment by reporting probkns.

Maintained and improved quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines and recommending improved procedures.
Updated job knowledge by studying new product descriptions and participating in educational opportunities.

Sakes Counselor 01/2014 to 08/2017 Company Name City , State

Generated leads by outside and in-club marketing.

Called prospective kads to schedule guest workouts and appointrents for tours.

Performed tours to prospects and built value which resulted in memberships.

Assisted in maintenance of facility and equipment.

Cleansed and upheld appliances.

Friendly and timely interaction with guests and team members, suggestive selling, and answering questions.

Handkd member service issues such as lost and found items, new membership cards, change of address, EFT setup or change, and
questions regarding billings and payments.

Answered all incoming inquiries and obtained appropriate information to direct/transfér calls or take messages.

Education and Training
Graduate 2014 Westem High School City , State
Tallahassee Commumity College City , State
