GROUP FITNESS INSTRUCTOR
Summary

Seasoned customer service specialist with background in providing advice on diverse customer situations. Results-oriented professional with
diverse background in management and customer service. Dedicated to providing excellent customer service and making operational and
procedural improvements. Talented leader and robust ability to communicate needs and efléctively deliver knowledge to staff Administer strong
teams and efficient systems, positively impacting business growth and downsizing objectives. Attention to details.

bs hranianie
Client relations specialist
Conflict resolution techniques
Team management
Cerrar me ardonramsliailatety Fars en eee
Bb ongten eer cela
* Deadline-oriented
Birtnneeme nats einer Ce Woe iace incline Le aia
CRW eall dicritcnnen tence ai
I owiniipan’
Accomplishments

Cee Reon nbe Sibeamcnce Onan CUnte ogee STOR ROVE c emer cm ican ed
Representative.

© Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.

Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members’ information. Customer Service

* Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

Oe dicosemibrcutcame sul renarcm UU Rvceee carr seit eta

schivor anes

Oe ginecw iced

September 2010 to April2015 Company Name 14 City , State

* Exphined ways to measure exercise intensity for the best results.
© Designed each class to match the skill and Ieaming levels ofall participants.

© Suggested exercise modifications to individual students to avoid strain and injury.

* Encouraged members to continue attending group fitness chsses.

© Tracked chss attendance and monitored class size to gauge the effectiveness of promotions.
Senior Customer Service Representative

October 2005 to April 2015 Company Name it4 City , State

Developed, impkmented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.

Served as a point of contact for members with discrepancies or comphints

Addressed 30 website inquiries per day, converting 30 into renewal customers.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of organizational policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.

Created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction.

Process literature orders (books and pamphiets) and contributions by inputting payments such as cash, checks, or credit cards
Excelied in exceeding daily credit card application goals

.Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.

Receive 20-30 inbound calls that include researching accounts, shipping errors general shipping estimations, or providing inventory count on
a daily basis

© Maintain customer mailing address database system

Customer Service Representative
December 2003 to June 2004 Company Name 14 City , State

* Coordinated daily routes and assigned installation and repair to HVAC technicians through database.
¢ Served as a primary liaison between HVAC equipment distribution centers and fifteen field service teclmicians.
