MANAGER- ADMINISTRATION & FACILITIES
Executive Summary

A nntivated administrative professional secking a position ina challenging environment. Over 8 years experience successfiilly providing
administrative and secretarial support to the operational departrent. Proficient ina range of computer applications. Well-developed
communication and customer service skills. Proven ability to efficiently plan and mamge muttiple assignments to meet tight deadlines. A proactive
problenrsolver who gets the job done."

Core Qualifications

* Compensationbenefits administration
Ores inaiynonans
Inventory contro!
Staff development
Operations management
Policy/program development
Skilled negotiator
iho arson ensue
[On euomca\aad
Travel administration

Schedule management
Self-starter
Deadline-oriented
Spreadsheet development

Professional Experience
Manager- Administration & Facilities
January 2007 to January 2011 Company Name i City

Responsible for managing all the travels & transport related official activities while maintaining the healthy work environment & discipline and
handling various company vehicles.

Coordinate for air travel & hotel bookings arrangements and conference hall bookings also travel arrangement of visa for official purpose as
per requirement whik accountable for boarding & lodging of Management Heads and guests Liaise with vendors for purchase orders,
Vendor Reconciliation, invoices & agreements, ensuring timely payments.

© SAP knowledge in efficient inventory management and vendor management.

Liaise with various authorities and departments for smooth commercial operations for shipment of good/material between outlets.

Maintain & update the premise lease agreement in liaison with various Government agencies like - Electricity Office, Municipal office,

Mis coo ete i cena Com

* Handk & oversee the Allocation of Workplace, Telecommunication, IT infrastructure & other regular necessities to the employees at the
facility Responsibke for maintaining hygienic surroundings by efficiently managing various branch operations activities.

Coordinate Housekeeping and Security management services and activities with other departments and assuring that the staff follows
established safety regulations in the use of equipment & supplies at all times.

Maintain & control uniform needs for departmental staf

Requisite all supplies and equipment and maintains adequate inventory levels to provide a ckan, safe and comfortable environment Up keep
and maintenance of equipments and machines, scheduling of ckaning shift wise, maintaining the visual appearance and aesthetic dACcor of
the premises, problem resolution, job safety practices etc Ensure all staff is properly trained and have the tools and equipment needed to
effectively carry out their respective job duties.

Complete Event management for all the meetings and conferences and intemal event of the Organization, Accountable for all the utilities &
maintenance of office furniture including procurement of office fimiture & equipments, various outsourced services like Security Services,
Printers, Stationery Suppliers, Electrician, Water Suppliers and Travel Agents etc.

Assistant Manager
RE awa ROR MAU me clan ct ce OrN

Independently handled the overall fimctional management for Food and Beverage outlet & implemented strict measures in customer care
procedures to optimize guest satisfaction & retention.

© Ensured specific control on maintenance of best practices in service and hygiene while linising with chef for the Menu planning, Menu
selection- seasonal and on festivals based on customer reviews.

Responsible for service satisfaction to variety of guests from diverse backgrounds and successfiil maintenance of international standards and
utmost commitment to my work.

Handkd guest relationship, planning and executing the operations to ensure quality service, managing guest requests, comphints and
feedbacks and displaying cordial attitude towards them for referral & repeat business to enhance profitability; achieved a high guest
Rainate i nabaceiae em

Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.Successfitlly established effective systems
for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.

Training & Administration Manager
AER AIC ROMA Himes cclinan cick OrN

« Analyzed each department's training needs and developed new training programs based on the analysis. Designed training modules that
implemented strategic business practices and organizational behavior training concepts Designed and developed training and development
