TEAM LEAD SENIOR ANALYST
Professional Summary

MBA in Business Management, Finance & M.S in Information technology Professional Summary: Overall 7+ years of experience in implementing
and supporting Information technology operations and multiple business projects for Google Maps, Wipro for client Hewlett Packard. Over 4
years of experience in project management / operations management in leading multiple small scale and large projects by stafling and resource
phnning, managing metrics, people management, project life cycle. Managing day to day operations and KPI for the project and delivering in
specific time frame. Determine and analyze process requirements and develop fictional needs for the processes. Worked with cross finctional
teams for 5 years includes training, technical, quality, metadata, tecl-stop and other cross fimctional tears like business analysts, quality analysts,
Worked with other fimctional leads and senior / quality analysts by proposing various solutions.

Skills

Diploma in Computer Applications NICET Institute

Core Java

Completed Web Designing & MS office package course from APTECH Computers- India
JIRA tool.

SQL.

Where @OiLaom waar welt a Occ RCA uve cam

Seeking for PMP Certification will get certified at the earliest.

Work History
Team Lead Senior Analyst , 01/2012 to 08/2012
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

Ensured that all the projects and processes are adhered to pre-defined standards.

Acted as a liaison between the senior business managers and various global stake holders.

Recruited 100 + Analysts for the process by suggesting best practices and effective methods.

Captured and documented business requirements and transformed them into functionalities Strategic management, Project Initiation,
Planning, Delivering project deliverables in time frame.

Colkaborate on system specifications and workflow docurents for new projects and/or features and maintains/updates existing
specifications and project documents.

Capacity planning staffing and resource allocation as per the requirements.

Possess good written and verbal communication skills for influencing team members stakeholders.

Demonstrated various strategic management leadership skills for executing multiple projects.

Operations / Project Lead for Multiple Projects Cognizant & Global Logic 2012 January 2016 April for Client Google Maps Roles and
Responsibilities Daily monitoring of metrics, investigating inefficiencies and improve team processes to meet KPI.

Monitor work flows and conduct quality reviews to ensure high standards in line with project needs.

Liaise with management regarding work flows, industry updates, changes and policy refons.

Analyzing requirements, client needs and policies by transforming them into business functionalities.

Bridging the gaps in various cross fimctional teams by documenting various policy and process enhancements with effective communication.
Tracking of various metrics on daily basis for generating weekly metrics reports.

Ability to nmke sound and wise decisions in projects for solving complex operational problens.

Performing root cause analysis for identifying various problems and providing optimum feasibke solutions.

Educating and coaching team members on various policies standards by enhancing competencies.

Monitoring performance of analysts by adding and measuring various performance metrics.

Interpret customer feedback, monitor satisfaction, and help drive programs to improve team performance Analyze metrics and recommend
operational flow improverrents based upon analysis.

Experience in presenting various complex information and data ina precise and understandable way.

Paces se amcareckunllceremalcice

Experience in breaking down problems and issues into segments and resolving them by strategy in given timelines.

Demonstrated transparent accountability in various projects throughout the leadership career.

Documenting and defining the scope, time and costs of the project.

Mentoring / Training the newbies and other cross fimetional teams on various IT products and fictional needs and business needs.
Trained over 200+ associates by sharing knowledge on various processes of multiple projects.

Cm eUelne re) aumerescat ela eo Sia URE esse MAU COn eR aa genie arto come Ml geliorMeiectusmc lO) 08
Service and Escalations Ticket management.

Prioritizing issues related to production and resolving them by amicable solutions Proactively tracking bottle necks in the process and
resolving them by providing feasible solutions.

© Writing SQL queries for updating and checking dashboard metrics to ensure operational efficiency for enhancing KPI.

COVA ROL ars Hee ani M\mHbrninltsletecancl et

* Worked with various and different cross fimctional teams like business and quality analyst's others.

Associate Analyst , 01/2011 to 08/2012

* Designed and developed various Business works projects as part of integration.
¢ Understand existing frameworks and applications.
