IT SUPPORT OFFICER

Executive Profile

Roc enee cus ene sole a MoE acc accem Leal any naib tesesirclbemoke a as enh he aanyuNeierconest cn Oe
Operations. Cisco certified Network Associates with nearly 6 year & 3 months of experience in Site & Networking Operations, Installation,
Configuration, Technical Support/Troubkeshooting, Incident Management as well as Client Servicing. Server 2k3, 2k8 & Ubuntu server
COTTE en e@oniulicltenmrre cance sD) s Omics ol focaom DN cc a cmrePy aver aiZoniesi-a ool mautal louie
communicator with excellent skills in buiding relationships Possess, strong analytical, problem solving and organizational abilities. Assembling and
disasserrbling PC, motherboard, hard disk drives, and working with local and network printer, configure cable UTP,STP, coaxial Key Highlights
Manage the data server and data security. Successfilly performed configuration of NAS Server, AD Server, Child Dommin, Cisco Router,
Firewalls, Network Printers, Provided expertise in installation and management of IT infrastructure for Cisco routers, switches, Servers and Thin
client, Systems, Network Cables, Network Printers,Softwares etc. Delivered a successful up gradation of Enterprise Domain server from
windows 2003 to 2008. Received appreciation from Client's Top Management for providing value addition to the project by automating certam
tasks and saving time and resources.

Skill Highlights

(Xo iiuticteo ene serstesyuNCA AY CCR NE CHILo caso eka rel Una uiitta) ES ist

Windows XP, Vista, Windows7 and Windows 8

Working in Microsoft office 2003 and 2007.

Working in Kingsoft Office, Libre Office

Working in thunderbird mail, outlook mail PME mail.

Local and extemal network monitoring,

Computer Hardware Assembling, Dissermbling, configuration and maintenance of computers and Troubleshooting of PC and printer's
probem

© Other Software Knowledge of ERP, Tine desk , CCTV, PPC, Tally. ESS and CHS etc.

a ee eT

Professional Experience

POMS eee siicay

March 2011 to August 2015 Company Name
RS SOMPA CC anit COg

April 2010 to January 2011 Company Name
SBM Coo niasMReanaresleciteyeegg

April 2009 to March 2010 Company Name

Comprehensive knowledge of CISCO networking technologies and Protocol.

Handling the network infrastructure LAN/WAN, migration & configuration of network Devices (Routers, Switches, Firewall etc.).
Skilled in planning and implementing LAN/WAN solutions.

Configuring Routing protocols (RIP, EIGRP.

OSPF, Static and Default Route) Assisting in the design & implementation of the network and troubleshooting,

Troubleshooting Extending high-end technical support on various Servers and ensuring high customer satisfaction levels through prompt
redressal of their problems.

Configuring and troubleshooting IP Phones, Network Printers and Virtual Interfice (VMWare) related issues.

¢ Assigning user nodes to various devices installed and networked, handle allocation and protection of user rights, as per company's policies.
Configuration and Maintaining LAN installing Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, FTP, TELNET, User profile, Remote Connectivity, Assigning
IP Address, Managing Local and Domain User’s Account, and sharing Permission, Terminal Services, Trusting, Software Deployment etc.
Configure windows server 2003 and 2008 with Active Directory , Terminal Server Group Policy and manage Data server with security.
SAP Basis Client GUI installation.

SAP Online Support System Backup and Recovery DR to HADR Data synchronization Monitoring.

User management Transaction Lock/Unlock User Authorization and Users Role Windows Servers Microsoft active directory services,
Server 2003-2008, Configure Domain security policies, Local security policies Configure and manage File server and Share Folders.
Design: DNS and DHCP servers in 2003-2008 Server.

Configure and Manage Users profiles.

Araiee O areinenn danagin ena lees

Configuration Microsoft Terminal services, RDP, and other remote access took.

Cr er ed oy

Cr ee)

Education

EW WANE VEC Ca AeNg

Higher Secondary passed From M.P. Board Bhopal. High School passed From M.P. Board Bhopal. Professional Certifications MCP Microsoft
Certified Professional fist paper clear of administering Windows Server 2012 in June 2013. (ID No. 10171726) CCNA - Cisco Certified
Network Associates in Dec. 2009. (ID No. 11716258) JCHNP- Jetking Certified Hardware Networking Professional from jetking infotrain
limited ,A.B. Road Indore

MP :2010

Professional Affiliations

National Council For Vocational Training from Neocorp International Ltd Pithampur in Nov - 2013. Major Attainments Accredited with Best
Cricketer Award from Neocorp Internation LTD Inter Tournament in Indore (2014). Personal Vitae Father's name : Mr. Govind Singh Lodhi
Date of birth : Ist Jan 1988.

boners inositol)
