GENERAL MANAGER AND BOARD MEMBER

Executive Profile

High performing Customer Relationship Management / BPO executive with proven experience managing high growth/complex operations serving
diverse industries to include wireless, technology, insurance, healthcare and consumer services. A change agent with a well-documented history of
growing assets and expanding client relationships by setting effective strategic direction, buikding a platform for consistent operational execution and
proactively developing talent, processes and a culture of continuous improvement. Professional Strengths Executive & General Management *
Strategic Planning Operations (Multi-Channel Contact Center, etc.) * Business Development P&L Management * Account Management Talent
and Organizational Development * Cross-Functional Leadership Selected Achievements As Senior Vice President of Operations at ASURION,
proactively reengineered operations, enabling revenue to grow from $400 million to $2 billion in two years, while improving margins, customer
RUS U Lene ha nse scaneem a ancet

Professional Experience

01/2011 to 01/2013

General Manager and Board Member Company Name iA City , State

© Accient of CMP that provides case intake solutions to the legal industry).

© Lead a team of 100 associates in all facets of business operations to include contact center, client services, sales, and financial management.

© Proactively implemented a strategic plan and reengineered business operations, resulting ina 100% increase in revenue, and a 51% increase
sTo ans aan be beh cca ENO calm

© Affer a positive liquidity event at ASURION, chose to leave the corporate environment to have more time to raise my two sons as a single
Eero anne cenieudeueiinceneanivaeenelem

EAU @tacans
Chief Executive Officer Company Name it City , State

¢ 000 independent contractors, and managed a P&L of $250 million.

© His expertise includes strategic planning, call center/BPO operations, customer relationship management, business development, account
managenent, and Human Resource Management.

As an entrepreneur, he has started two businesses, helped start two others, and completed dozens of consulting and service brokering
engagements for clients.

Clients have included, PEROT Systems (Revenue Cyck Management), MERCK (PBM), EAPC (Behavioral Health) DELL, SONY,
Verizon, T-Mobik, Discover, BRIGHTSTAR, TRUSOURCE Labs (Nest/Google), and Citigroup.

Cavin

Thorms currently serves as the Founder and CEO of Contact Management Partners, LLC, an operations consulting and business process
outsourcing partner that helps organizations to better acquire, retain and optimize their customer relationships and effectively scale/manage
ererluelice

OW ecw ca ced mit ere ee cniund a verceeeta irene a ulation arate cececcei i oelne) eimai) scene!
aligned, to ensure a satisfying customer experience and profitable bottomline.

Cavin

* Thoms is a graduate of the University of South Florida and resides in Franklin, Tennessee with his two sons, Christopher and Michael.

01/2004 to 01/2006
Senior Vice President of Operations and Executive Team Member Company Name iA City , State

© 2 billion global organization providing insurance and roadside assistance services to the wireless industry).

© Reported to the Chief Executive Officer.

* Lead the chins processing, customer service, technical support, and roadside assistance groups in all facets of business operations.

© 3,000 associates located in five locations, a network of 10,000 independent contractors, and a P&L of $250 million.

© Clients included Verizon Wirekss, T-Mobile, Cingular, and Alltel.

© Proactively improved operations and inter-company collaboration resulting in $100 million in additional revenue, cost per chim reduced by
40%, reships by 16% and custorrer satisfaction scores increased from 84% to 93%,

01/2003 to 01/2004
Vice President of Business Development Company Name i City , State

© Start-up venture founded by the former CEO of Client Logic, providing offshore business process outsourcing services within the APAC
region).

© Reported to the President and helped create the sales division.

© Acquired a Physician Practice Group, establishing the organization within the healthcare marketphce.

01/2002 to 01/2003
Senior Vice President Company Name 14 City , State

¢ 500 milion global provider of BPO services).

Reported to the Chief Operating Officer.

Lead a team of 2,500 associates in four locations, providing customer care, sales, and technical support services.
Managed a P&L of $80 million and supported clients to include; DELL, Sony, Microsoft, EarthLink, and Sears.
Reengineered operations to grow revenue by $11 million and margin by 7%.
