BPO TEAM LEADER

Summary

Seeking to provide top-quality support to ensure a competitive advantage in the global marketplace.

Accomplishments

Recognized for playing an instrumental role in exceeding company expectations for tum around time during 4th quarter at 95% in 4 days.A A
Achieved a strong relationship with agents/sales of company partners in exceeding groups expectation of service, and increased sakes relations.
schivor anes

BPO Team Leader 02/2015 to 02/2017 Company Name City , State

© Managed and motivate BPO Onboarding Team to meet team goals

Auditor of documentation and group implementation.

Interact with PPO Network management, clients, agents and sales

Executed and mt project deadlines

Strong sense of urgency; able to resolve escalated issues immediately.

Developed and executed implementation workflow/processes.

Maintain 95% within 4 days TAT for implementation of groups, 5% above agreement with client.
Manage over 3000 clients and brokers.

BPO Implerrentation Specialist 05/2013 to 02/2015 Company Name City , State

© Inffastructure for O drive and folders.

Pad ote trend Colorect omr ics HeeRnoralongen ira

¢ EnhancedA and improvedA maintenance of agent/eroup informationA with DW (Data Warehouse program)
CEP ACOOHIa PCat NerlrynaranaccTHetLe es My ete nctes oem

ae
ae
Re-pricing Coordinator 06/2009 to 06/2013 Company Narre City , State

Perce Or Oo Wr Reset ee WW Ranson ltrs eee wueh aur armiyccrcnanarsnw: Wise cus Colibri aie
Encore, Multiplan, Medicare, DHS and Aetna chins.

Correspond with Examiners regarding status of RRT reférrab.

Solely responsibke for all Actna claims, 30,000 lives.A Implemented workflow andA first manual of Aetna process.

Improved and decreased errors with auditing process

Verification of Provider/Facility PPO status.

Administrative Assistan/HR Assistant 04/2004 to 04/2009 Company Narre City , State

EZ-Movers - Long Distance Dispatcher Assistant.

Long Distance scheduling of drivers/trucks.

Adninistrative paperwork for pickup and delivery.

Data entry of informtion of customers.

Spreadsheet upkeep of scheduled deliveries.

Interact with customers and drivers in regards to pickups/deliveries anW/or payments.
Rainbow Hospice - Receptionist.

een aueneitibew

I Creerenincesnemeli fee) nos ah acm

Assist PCM, Clinical secretary, RN, Social workers.

Handk all incoming calls, to both main office and ARK location.

Process all faxes accordingly.

Keep accurate track of overnight calls, and team faxes.

[Cdnorl Baten iisirlivene Ube

Answering phones.

Processing invoices.

Data entry of all purchase orders, using scanning system, batch invoices and close file.
PANU ep coe

Administrative Assistant IVHR Coordinator 08/2002 to 01/2004 Company Name City , State

¢ Assist management in coordination of organizational administration activities (performance review, cost center updates, customer issues) and
within scope of authority, resolve problems and issues independently and proactively.

* Responsible for the daily operations of the field office, assuring employees were up to date with pertinent information; work closely with the
Office of Buikiing in any issues.

© Prepare and process, submit reports, timekeeping and other payroll and business operations processes; train staff or management on
timekeeping and other administrative processes.
