CUSTOMER SERVICES

Summary

Professional m Economics with 7+ years of experience in the financial sector, as administrative assistant, manager, analyst and customer services.
Optimizing work methods through the planning and execution of daily activities that comespond to my position. A I have the ability to work ina fast

paced environment, successfull in maintaining multiple tasks, able to work well individually or with a team, dedicated and focused to achieve the
saat iem

Highlights
© Leadership CRB Eliatrorrenesst else cs
* Strategic Planner ¢ Financial Trader

* Customerrehtionship « A Amlysis

Accomplishments

Improved department efficiency 40% through implementation of strategic workflow and process improvennnts.

Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
Bio

A Created new operational planning strategy to drive business development

ae

Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to mantain customer relationship.

leaned
PU ECR ENG
Customer Services Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Support english and spanish incoming call flow

© Provide information to new and existing customers to support their needs and finding a solutions to keep customers satisfied and retain
tse

¢ Navigate computer systems to properly conduct the objective of the campaign and locate custorrer data or other electronic information,
records each call by accurately documenting status and comments in the platform

06/2013 to 05/2015
Manager - BPO Analyst Company Name 14 City

Ce CeM enw beer

¢ Analysis coordinator and risk management for Citibank International

* Record national and international ACH transactions to A reduce risk of fraud and comply the policies and government regulations. A
* Create monthly reports to maintain the business control

CP eiedichoagreb cre lanoken nl emcleremrctcsat src.

CM clr esnende ers anocenratmiterne ns b ny ccna tencer car arcs

10/2008 to 05/2013
Financial Assistant - Trader Company Name 1 City

Sirians levee neceiecece hos heslee sl ec ce

FY od eal ew Munn recta ce same

Find solutions to customer's necessities through e-mail and phone calls.

Organize electronic files and nnintain paper files updates

PAT coiQuaicncietorcm renaeainrectronc wate orclelcrotnd er 1pm

A Deposite dividend Payments, settle invoices, administer the petty cash to keep the office up to day
Pa cmieterabco neice tnd Wes seks neon

Open ans assign new Client Accounts.

Keep confidential informtion.

brairestbeny

Oe)

Bachelor of Science : Economics City Colombia Economics

YENI MALDONADO

atic

Spanish - English - Portuguese

als

Attention to detail, Billng, Customer Services, data Analysis, Docurrentation, e-mail, English, organize files, financial, financial reports, investrents,
Leadership, meetings, Microsoft office, office, Portuguese, Risk Management, selling, Spanish, Strategic Planning, phone, web page
