SEED Gate

Rtrpestag

Over I year of end to end experience in workiwide Procurenent operations *Over 5 years of end to end experience with Accounts payable and
reconciliation *Great team player with the ability to instill and reinforce confidence, self-esteem and optimistic attitude, *Organized, Analytic and
versatile thinker, effective at developing and Lip anpantiekasesti ed 4c

Sra Nanay

Proficient in Orack, SAP ECC 6.0 version, Helios and Sun system version 5, MS-Word, Excel and PowerPoint.

Experience

Buyer

UC ROR ae OLR etna NTS} City

Global procurement operations- Taking care of end to end workiwide procurement operations irrespective of categories,

te crane a moncdt Comin eee documenting the process to keep up with the stam

ee eer cul ed once one mle een Meetings & events, Facilities (low dollar), office Ate) racm

Low dollar Catalogue purchasing- I work directly and closely with the end users and supplier for low dollar purchase catalogue as well as
nor-catalogue products.

ces R eh couse re Einar oe Oe aaraMl ashi raced ee Si re a my categories and eliminate discrepancies.

Pd Ettore brarau preset teeter tt He tivcerance

Requisition to PO- to manage globally req to PO creation activity for assigned categories.

Single handed support to global buyers in req to PO creation process for pre-approved Pelee coe

Supplier Information- to work with suppliers and end users to set ESL el ainin aa mtastal crane cry

To review the set up fons and seek approvals from the Leas ara t On

P-Card Payrrent- taking care of the low dolhr as well as high dollar payments on procurement card.

To liaise with the end users, global buyers and supplier to facilitate instant payment on PCard,

edo LLL Ona rSn ca UTE ET erent ey Mtoe eR ene] Sh ca

Reporting- Generating quarterly dashboards and monthly reports for PO spend and expenditure.

Me aren minca dig camen cere a payable and present the same for managerrent review.

Ennis and ad-hoc activity requests- I single Pe Minsicaro eld psyisctcarcn aan tia eee eres tee Rate bald Kaang cee tens
and queries,

¢ Accounts payable- taking care of EMEA AP P2P activities.

In the rok, I have handled invoice and payment queries from end users and Rey banm
Clearing APC Direct Debit and Trial Balance Pewee

Senior Executive
January 2013 to January 2014 leona Nine

Handling and Guiding team of Accounts Payable PO & Non Po Vendors Invoice processing, reconciliation and Payments,

© Assign daily activities and task to teammembers.

Ca Sep UMC als hige re cCht ean enter} aan pen a NOOB CLT Tee Ce ater through effective management, career
development & implementation of reporting mechanism

Consolidating the data and have review with team

Review and Monitor day to day activities of team

PE Siemon keonent saree nen ea etic tee

Work with the manager to develop/impkement action plans to achieve desired performance kvels.

ea eR UN uch rr scoaren gyre] implerenting the sare.

Poe ater E Rta osentirenty cele cm

Senior Executive
January 2010 to January 2013 Company Name

Poe Tea okan ON occa enn tp: tectien eh eee tT ama RM reaselonre ce

Se oar aMamas aan Reancies rernd etn) Imager and team members.

Handk all regions escalation mail boxes.

ec Ros doen cicero SRG ULo ance Opera ct update on the Aged invoices,

Handk escalation calls from business units / vendors,

Attend weekly conference calls with business units to resolve their issues and LS ern sarie eT

Trained new joiners who are successful achievers in AP jee ined

ye eCBrNiecti cena neccan treater arate ta ie respective country.

Handk month end reports which include accruals for the open purchase orders and manual accruals for the non PO invoices.
BST Tell lbp ice Coane a ran Ec capitalized to the correct Business Unit with the correct expense codes,
BhclocElcmranledmni irene tors ee edtesteanewneclat yee

PE Ea Maral CE ar itenetn aera mth ieee in an eT Polehttasy

Involved in sending ermail communications to the Global Procurement tears to educate them about the kgal entity name importance to chim
a7.

Mego nlorirediun einer ntret tire ate
* Constantly update the clients with the urgent invoices in order to avoid Corer albelecs
