REALTOR
becelecrei al Rinna

Motivated real estate professional with 16 years of experience. Versed in all aspects of real estate, tine management, negotiation, conflict
RCO om UCB ALa CUMS er eb cOomiTar panes Etec er het otce

Core Qualifications
UT Real Estate License PCCcaWAnatnonane

Accredited Buyer Representative Title and Escrow

REO and Foreclosures Leadership
Traditional Real Estate (Oo ihea i Analsarnans
RS roiecnl ec} NCoeotatceey

brian anecd

OER e keris can

Cog Oona bey @ NEST)

© Manage the entire process of selling real estate.

Minimized losses on foreclosures through analysis, management, marketing and liquidation of real estate owned properties by clients and
Snel (0 ne

* Evaluated economics of the property (including BPO and appraisal analysis) for month-end figures and the best marketing disposition plans.
Prepare listings, sales contracts, counter-offers for negotiation with the banks Negotiated seller's deficiencies to be waived with financial
SUE Eee oe ben CE RSC Brena nina i oncos ely em area

Provided marketing direction to brokers and monitored the performance of outside agents.

Evaluate preforeclosure BPOs and appraisals to assist in bidding and buydown analysis.

Communicate with clients to understand their property needs and preferences.

PN eatacreeimlakeiteaialitegel ance

Ensure that the kegal formalities are compkted prior to closing dates

04/2014 to 12/2015
In-House Realtor Company Name i City , State

© Buyer's Agent for Restore Utah

PEnboccso Migr otelaCcc bike cee S VIBE nucle ercde ence inmaren ie means

Identified Jong term value in properties.

Prepared documents such as representation contracts, purchase contracts and estimated settlement staterrents.

* Evaluated properties, established values, and developed marketing strategies that maximized sales proceeds & reduce marketing tine.
SE OO ec Bron xc nlced Oe Cooma eee Conn siya nnan ad

07/2007 to 062011
Sr. REO Asset Manager Company Naie if City , State

e Effectively managed the marketing of REO assets according to a specific time lines while focusing on lowering loss severity.

* Monitored the eviction process & negotiated cash-for-keys with occupants.

¢ Evaluated properties, established values, and developed marketing strategies that maximized sales proceeds & reduce marketing time.
Shea so ture coma okalsucenl igo accom ard cnegrit cocas Bone lined Loran gc rinee lve oe

OU CORB iN Anan onsen Ro Mni ced Smee cicaioeclaelne Brn leregeed Muy eod

Se oeataceReeninucd ccc Rnmind vein ccky cararce

© Metall monthly and quarterly sales goals.

LOY PAUSE RU SPL)
WES a see PaO NAN nA OS MSI HC

© Produced tax reports for builders and title companies.

Ceo ere orca oneeeritnrlnem

* Performed tax research including the research ofall 1915 and 1972 Act Bonds including Mello-Roos tax assessments for the state of
California Delivered tax reports on time per clients and customer time constraints.

05/2003 to 11/2003
J Bei cesM zines Soo O)iLncm Seu siting atten i 5 OL Am

* Actively communicated and assisted realtors, mortgage bankers, and loan officers with real estate transactions ofall types.
PeVClnicKen oto Real oem ene om nrc ragecocd hee Rinsersnitrerch erik mets
in the properties.
