TEST ANALYST-INTERN/CONTRACTOR

Profile

3+ years of professional experience in Software Testing, ee ed oR MLC LAUT BA CELE arrte Donte et rea Nyce ekaera scree la CUTTY
Fe ere ace CORIO Cum Onna con pant Eee ete Le ORC TRUER cacao amet
programming skills accompanied by excelknt analytical and problem solving skills. Hands on experience in preparing Test Plans, Test (Otan
OM CSGEcoccal ined panne urelve ter ance a testing GIS applications. Experience in working with E-commerce, Banking and
Ptr Tie Su crceees MeSaw Woe erseM ‘esting, System Integration Testing, Performance BST ee Roose M El Cstree tet
uM meus tooarcannita annette heslalnbioineal Pee tcuaewatrent item areahen ek ely Ree CCL OBO He ura td
eI ASe Chom iielid wreeasyotsccnn es el et flexibility and willingness to work ona variety of projects while demonstrating ability to
multi-task and prioritize effectively. Excellent verbal and communication skils. Excellent Risk Mangagement skills with proven ability to meet the
ight deadlines. ISTQB certified tester. To pursue a challenging career in the field of Software Testing and Quality Assurance and providing the
need of the company in the best possible way and enhance my technical, logical and problem solving skills.

Skills

TECHNICAL PROFILE:

Programming Languages: C, C+, C#, Java

Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Windows PowerShell

Mark Up Language: HTML, XML

Automation took Selenium IDE & Web driver, GoogkUlAutomator

Bug Tracking tools: Jira, Buganizer

Offfice Suite: Microsoft office, Microsoft Project, Leja Oia

Database: My SQL and SQL server

OTe Tee T CONES BB Rite eth O lS 4

WO a O ivory area OSM Aelia]

Se ee ee

Professional Experience
August 2014 to February 2015
Oo PN reM erie ian @entteteld

¢ Responsibilities:

System testing and fimctional testing on E-commerce websites, This involves testing it against the finctional specification and integration
DUO a ne RCO Ras rarer

Conducting cross browser and cross platform testing on different desktop browsers, Mobile phones and various Tablets.

* Analyzing the Requirements provided by client in Functional and Technical requirements specification and Communicating with BA,
Developers and Project coordinators.

Writing fimctional and non-fictional requirement test cases based of fimctional specification.

Performing integration testing in co-ordination with client for the Site, which is integrated with extemal system

ee rora once Male ecee sien IN elie cece Rest oe

Testing the complicated promotions under support and also testing assess the support issues received from client.

ube iunsube cect Rr brr cat ecets cece) De nce ne cease reatrea ONCE tcc improvenent. List of Retail Dormin
Projects:

\www.maxshop.com

Www.smithandcaugheys.co.nz

Wwww.walkerandhall.co.nz

\www.numberoneshoes.co.nz

Wwww.overlandfootware.co.nz

October 2011 to February 2014
Company Name Quulity Analyst

eee eB Ser tne Cues Uae Rie ete ero vaca Censor cee ete ileal Ey Eo B em new stilt) el
operating system, allowing users to browse and download ees eaka eee RUiN nPtncivey ADD) @ers Baal a neet through Googk.
eA SEE Clu evoar eke unn gees ie pec Sipenlm i icdccimeleugnep aon ic recce ninth including business
bocce cmuonea movers een Rooke Decrees ace

¢ Responsibk for testing Google Play Store and Col ISAO eB Res Comrade

* Functional Testing and Integration Testing of various mobile apps on Googk Play Store. Install and performed a wide variety of Android-
based app reviews on Play Store.

Design test plans and write test cases for new Pivelhes Colca hee alneansem ib Una Col eer ey Re

Report generation affer manual execution of the test cases.

Developed Automation test cases using GoogleUlAutomator Retrneg enna a

ees lr peeReneye aU cae nto Rte ots browsers(Chrone, Firefox, IE and Safari) and Mobile (Andriod and IOS) Devices.
Reviewing the data added by intemal team or by external users before Fae Ten Lect Ele goon det te proper research.
Performed ad-hoc testing and did sanity check on the application once the date is live.

* Identified, reported and tracked bugs using Buganizer tooKGoogk internal tool).

ET EU BELO R CIRM bco een enctneen ce RTL ne tee eee SUiSLectans Rataausc Ng ves Ouirnecktrs Boy ccen a
my kad; guided the team in the absence of my kad.
