INieles (el azc
Summary
To work for professional organization that gives an opportunity for growth and to contribute value based managerment talent along with the secking
guidance from proficient seniors to help me sharpen my skill. To be a part of the team that works in dynamically challengng environment for
growth of the organization and helping in achieving goal congruency. Working as a NOC (Network Operation Center) Engineer in Encore Capital
Group. That is a keading BPO in call center technology. Having Eight plus years of professional experience, I bring forth a unique set of knowledge
and skills which include an in-depth understanding of Business Processes and Structured Methodologies, experience in the Customer Service
industry, excellent understanding of Offshore Client requirements, professional education and valuable experience gained mostly while working in
lst couple of organisation.

Highlights

Service Now, Microsoft Lync, MSN. *VPN: Cisco client, Cisco SSL, Check point Secure client. *Operating Systen: XP, Windows 7. *Office
Tools: MS Office 2007 & 2010

schivor anes

NOC Engineer Apr 2011 to Apr 2016

Company Name

Encore capital Group is one of the leading BPO in call centre industry with headquarters located in San Diego, USA.

They were originally a part of Midland credit management which deals in collection of credit card and house tax loan Payments & also have

overseas operations in Costa Rica, Warren, ST Cloud, San Antonio, Dallas, Phoenix and so on.

* Key Responsbilities and Technical Skill Set: Project-EOS/NOC NOC is a part of Enterprise operations support that deals with the
Infrastructure within USA, UK & India.

© Key Responsibilities and Technical Skill Set: Event Managerent-interpret alerts received via monitoring tools troubleshoot and take

necessary remedial actions.

Incident Management- Handling P1 Outage/Interruption.

Taking care of incident management L2 and L3 bridges and drive them to resolution using incident management techniques under ITIL

guidelines.

Training new hires in NOC team.

Alert configuration of server and network devices according to their threshold value specified by the concern team.

Monitoring infrastructure devices with the help of various tools like Application Manager, Netflow Analyzer and Solarwinds Orion.

Performing day to day activity which is specific to MCM environment with the help of tools like AS/400, SQL server management Studio

and Idera Updating Dashboard, maintaining inventory for all NOC activities.

Keep tracking ofall Service Now tickets and their SLA's.

Making shift Roster for all NOC engineers.

Working and updating all the existing and new process documents and NOC day to day activities in Service now Knowledge Management

which help the new joiners to understand the job responsibilities of NOC team

CMA acute ay nckO eo mEO nun cel strom usec reReinam ecu Nen eta Coe

ServiceDesk Engineer Engincer Level | Analyst Dec 2008 to Mar 2011
Company Name

supported technical troubleshooting for Desktops and Laptops for customers in both the US and China.

Troubleshooting included all kinds of hardware and software based queries for Win XP, Pro, and Vista.

After 11 months i was promoted to L2 Engineer.

Asa Level 2 Support, was responsible to coach Level 1 analysts by taking up technical sessions, making shift roster, engineers attendance
& also making pending call reports on daily basis.

Key Responsibilities and Technical Skill Set: Giving first level support to end users and coordinating with other team for second level
support (if required).

Training new hires in the teamas per the process and technical documentation fimished during the transition period.

Handling all client escalations for the team in an effective manner.

Critical Docurentation, Training and Process Setup/Improverrents as well as Customer Interaction.

Creative bent of mind to track and Ieam new technologies quickly.

Managing VC equipment's for connecting video conference across the domestic sites and also booked VC to connect automatically in
Tandberg application.

ServiceDesk Engineer and Floor Engineer Jul 2008 to Nov 2008
Company Name

Asa member of the ServiceDesk Team Working on Global Helpdesk & DeF-IT Mailbox.

Taking care of outages and interruptions-following up with NOC, Server and operations to minimize the outage impact on production.
PBN EARNS WADA rob iieinecko PCa na

Troubleshooting Client Based Applications (like Prolw, Qlaw, Noble and GUI etc.) Troubleshoot issues related to VPN connectivity.
Providing first vel support to end user through remote support (RDP, Microsoft Lync, and teamviewer).

Ako working and helping other team members by providing 2nd level support on escalated issues.

Creating and disabling LAN, I series and noble ids for new hires and NLE's.

Create and modify Distribution Lists and Generic mailbox on Microsoft exchange muil server.

Monitoring server performance for latency issues and providing support to end users for resolving latency issues.
