TRANSACTION PROCESSING ANALYST
Summary

Dependable individual who brings management experience and a willingness to take on added responsibility to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic
team player with a strong work ethic and advanced complex problem solving skills. Dedicated person demonstrating effective leadership in all
aspects of the job. Dedicated servicermn focused on applying 6 years of military Multimedia Illustration experience to gain employment in the
civilian sector. Exceptionally hard worker well-versed in Adobe CS5, Graphic Design, Excel, Word and Power Point. An individual who is
acs e Micmecaln eG Niige Lan Gtmeerineckomececccier eae ce mues@slitbeees tne BSCR eee OTN

Accomplishments

RetRicewatring Kccostt@ MeO mor Cite cree com cece case siiclekeeh A Ole) Came Lene me RWLeL ated
(roe Woo en crs omni On ok onimocyasgrcciremcucor eh clin vomt ew Caercstenigner arcs
additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. Became Theater manager after 13 months as a security guard.A Successfillly decreased staff
tumover by 10 % in 5 months, by increasing moraLA Managed the training for over 200 employees.A Initiated new merchandise store inside
theater which resulted in increased sakes.A Served as key contributing member to Leadership team joined Accenture in 2014 and was given
ROMMTMla Caner emromcel oa tren cme chemise ence Perenl e Rock reno onienae siren] ae
new financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency. Increased cost-effectiveness through compliance enforcement and
implementation ofa new quality control system

schivor anes

Company Name December 2014 to Current Transaction processing Analyst

lena El CG

Provided EVMS support to Control Account Managers (CAMs) on F100/OME and Power systers financial reports.
Assisted CAMs with planning and development of Work Breakdown Structure (WBS).
Completed plan Change Requests to add, de-scope, reprofile fiture work/budeget.
Met with CAMs to review data related to their projects, particularly Schedule, Performance, Actual data and resulting variances.
Created Work Release Authorizations (WRAs) for baseline changes and new activities.
Created Interdivisional Work Authorizations (IDWAs) in SAP.
Charge nurber maintenance.
Supporting monthly EV Metrics to central
engineering, including review of variance explanations, forecasts, and
performance/data updates.
© Supported the quarterly manpower planning
process by updating forecast project hours with CAM input and/or proposal hours
in Basis of Estimate (BOE).
Ce atrcctkessmuduies (og ees a eu esd impkmenting new consolidation procedures.
SMe cnrenn cnn inlay NESTOR Airco RMS e Mbt srl nane das ronec nies

Company Name July 2010 to February 2014 Theatre Manager
lena El CG

¢ Trained, coached and mentored staff

© Impkmented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce tumover.

© Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of faimess and equality for all employees Worked directly with our support
office and other managers to achieve objectives.

© Created new revenue streams through our in house studio store.

* Developed and rolled out new policies.

© Exceeded company objectives for the studio store by increasing revenue.

Company Name March 2008 to September 2010 Assistant Manager

© Trained around 20 of the stafE
© Developed and rolled out new policies.
© Trained, coached and mentored staffto ensure smooth adoption of new progrars or policies.

Company Name July 2007 to July 2013 Multimedia Illustrator

Trained in the use of tear gas and explosives.

Served as custodian of classified documents,

Prepared documents for destruction.

Operated and maintained communications equipment.

Performed as a fire team member during situational training exercises and all infantry dismounted battle drills.
Deetinuicebthepsnemecota KCl let bine sicy

Tracked personnel and supplies within the company.

Maintained 100% accountability of all assigned equipment worth more than $20,000.
Planned and briefed personnel on missions.

Constructed and camouflaged infantry positions and equipment to prevent detection.
Transkated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach.
