DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS, BPO

Executive Summary

Results-Focused management professional offering 15 years of progressive leadership experience. Transfonrs high-potential staff into outstanding
leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success.A

High-energy Manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. Cultivates a company culture in which staff members feel comfortabke
voicing questions and concems, as well as contributing new ideas that drive company growth.

[Ov erGon earn)

CMO arliormianseen et

© Staff Development © Compkx Probkm Solving
CMe tiec Vetntcornan WN Ne
© Cross-fimetional Team MaragementA © ¢ Computer-Sawy

PES dlccBrazetaleyg

schivor anes
Director of Operations, BPO 11/2013 to 0422015 Company Name City , State

Responsible for 3 Sales Locations (Over 200 employees) managed team of 200 professional that consisted of hiring, training, and
PERO UIaIh mem TislncC them

Strengthened the client relationship between the client and Concentrix.

© Increased Client revenue ffom2.2 Million to 3 Million ona monthly basis. Surpassed revere goals in four consecutive quarters.
Over 6 Basis points improvement in all conversion metrics. Improved every KPI from Close Ratio, Activation per rep, and overall
r NU Ee

GOs dectitieaemrc ome Rec lKerector eRe eee ce

Revamped new comp phan for reps more geared to Saks performance.

Increased profits by developing, initiating, and managing sales programs ona day to day basis.

P & Lresponsbility- Increased overall Gross Margin to as high as 32%A.

Director of Sales 05/2010 to 11/2013 Company Name City , State

Responsible for 2 Direct Sales Locations (Over 500 People) hiring, training, and performance management . Consistently ranked #1 site
every month in 2010.

Improved every KPI metric from Close Ratio, Activation's, and ARPU. Played and instrumental role in the Direct Sales Strategy fromevery
aspect from Compensation Plans, Training & Quality, and overall direction

Revamped the Sales Integrity team with a new process that helped improve all Quality metrics.

Sin MriLetbroumiAeanenaihe bi eoml Lobo mibouecce

Presented Sales Analysis to Executive Management regarding Direct Sakes Perfonmance.A

Led site Management with staff meetings, new strategy, and direction on a Daily basis

General Manager Of Sales Operations 10/2005 to 05/2010 Company Name City , State

OEE ScHiS i cP E CAL eM HPO nM ruc MOM Sinnom lina Brae TLeCS aT TLatt et ele Reng ocicmn com esl reuLehw ett
50 reps to 300 in the site duc to high performance.

SE ROOM RVC Reece en yarns cheat broreriraey

Developed and Impkmented new business life cycle which included planning, marketing, hiring and training

Easel os eee site every week, month, and year from 2006-2010 in every metricA

YoY improverent in every Metric.A Close rate increased from 19% in 2005 to 32% CR in 2010. AA

GO a ACHE NCR Scie Kernage Karl enadtaretucrnen at

Traveled extensively to other call centers in 2009 to initiate same performance model and launch new Direct Sales sites in Phoenix, AZ.
Provided timely feedback to Executive Management regarding Direct Sales performance

Responsible for P & L for 300 sales rep in the site

Sales Supervisor 11/2003 to 10/2005 Company Name City , State

Led a team of over 14 OB Sales reps

Motivated, trained and developed, and held Sales reps accountable ona daily basis for Sales goals
ENMU pat Msg ISH RRO CCE OBE sieccereClE OE LemcG] cB EC re elislL cm

Handled Sales reps reviews on a annual basis.

‘Trained and developed reps through call monitoring and one on one meetings.A

Successfilly promoted 5 Team members to a Supervisor rok

ket the Outbound Sales department in Saks performance on a daily and weekly basis.A

Education and Training

Business Management 2001 Bergen Commamity College City , State , USA

als

Business Managerrent, conversion, Client, Customer Satisfaction, Customer Services, customer service experience, Direct Sales, direction,
Executive Management, focus, fons, hiring, languages, Director, marketing, meetings, works, Enterprise, Network, performance management,
