SENIOR MANAGER
Skill Highlights

Windows / Mac OS, MS office suite, HRMS oracle applications
Training Attended

Boy

wbilg

beret ey

Organised by

2011

Basic Leadership Skills

Jamshedpur

Professional Experience
Company Name 09/2008

Tata Consultancy Services is India's largest IT and IT outsourcing organization with a global workforce of over 305,000 employees spread
BrecB ree CMe tthe

In North Anvrica, TCS is headquartered at New Jersey and employs over 30,000 employees.

Asceasoned HR professional with over 7 years of HR experience, currently working as the Head of Talent Acquisition and Resource
Management Group for BPS North America at Tata Consultancy Services in Cincinnati, Ohio Past experience includes working as the HR
Generalist for TCS BPS across various locations like Midland, MI, Cincinnati, OH in the US and Mumbai and Chennai in India.

Expertise in fill-cycle recruiting, screening resumes, behavioral based interviewing, and managing the hiring process.

Hands-on experience in recruitment in the IT and IT Services.

Most productive in a fast-paced, high energy, team environment.

Major strengths include building relationships, multi-tasking, time managerrent, adapting to new procedures as business climtes change and
communication skills,

Work experience of over 3 years in the US Geography as the Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North
yNivonee

Prior to this I have worked at Satyam BPO at Hyderabad fiom Mar 2007 to Sep 2008 as the HR Employee Relations Specialist in the HR
team for a US based process.

My areas of specialization are Employee relations, Recruitment, Performance Management, Organization Development and Change
Management.

Company Name Senior Manager 03/2007 to 09/2008

Period Since Sep 2008 Position Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North America Work Location
Midland, Michigan, Cincinnati, Ohio; Mumbai and Chennai, India Key Accomplishments: Proficient in Leadership hiring, focussed
headhunting through linkedin.

Successfilly completed hiring for a 50 FTE project for a niche skill (Mortgage) in Cincinnati, OH in less than 60 days Successfilly
compkted hiring for a 25 FTE project for a niche skill Phanm) in Cincinmti, OH in 30 days.

Focussed Analytics hiring for TCS BPS in North America, a first of its kind where associates were hiring to work fromclient location for
A&I domain, 10 critical positions staffed within 45 days.

Enabled deployment and rotation of associates within the US to ensure 98% utilization of resources in BPS North America Responsibilities:
Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Managerrent Group - BPS North America Recruitment for Mortgage and Pharm clients in
Cincinnati, Ohio and Midland, MI area through various intemal and extemal hiring channels Maintaining hiring budget by ensuring
recruitment through vendors is reduced and encouraging intemal referrals, web-sourcing and intemal moverrent of associates.

Leadership hiring for TCS BPS Sales and Solutions function, relationship roles Focussed hiring for Analytics and Insights for multiple clients
for TCS in North America, closed 10 critical positions within 45 days.

Reduced hiring cost for Niche positions by 30% and Non-Niche positions by 45% in FY 14.

Human Resource Relationship Manager for all BPS associates in the North America Geography.

Sherrer ee OM OU KRG uni enclominn ci eksc muon sean iG oeiccal@ sheenuiceiauslethe ke aes EThelcm
Maintaining Attrition within permissible limits (Early Waring Indicator, Hi Potential program, stay interviews) Building Employee Connect
through innovative employee engagement and CSR initiatives Handling other employee-related issues including fill & final
settkments/severance, query resolution, grievance handling Streamlining policies on integrity / disciplinary actions & performance
improverent plan Mamging employee performance appraisal process end to end and facilitating any disagreements Monitoring bell curve
Pinata resi cree acelm OM NINO OKe Use EO mt sng nar eTlt ake

Provide developmental strategies to the business and performance assessment of employees Adhering to FMLA and FLSA guidelines.
Pilot and Deploy HR Projects across BFSI vertical Drive the Quarterly promotion process Ensure Promotion assessments are completed in
time and results circulated to respective stakehoklers Drive associate Development plan based on promotion results Drive participation in
the BF Annual HR Survey [PULSE] in the BFSI vertical.

To ensure participation in various Employer branding survey Design and deploy associate retention plans Identify, deploy and support
Green Beit and process improverrent projects within HR Employee Relations team Provide inputs in policy and strategic initiatives to the
HR Leadership team

Company Name 03/2007 to 09/2008
03/2007 to 09/2008
