ASSOCIATE

Summary

To pursue a challenging career , responsible for being associated with a progressive organization and by keeping up with the latest trends and
applying knowledge and work dynamically towards the growth of the organization.

schivor anes

Associate

June 2012 to October 2013 Company Name

* Manufacturing of Electrical components Operating Microsoft Dynamics in NAVISION rehted to planning, purchasing, production & stock
Prvateyea bea

Handling of 15 members team including CL’s Responsibk: for maintaining all stocks are safely binned in the appropriate storage locations
with identification card.

Preparing and closing the GRN.

Sean Hey mam eRe estore cA uan eames tiie k

Supervising in updating daily bin card system in store.

IS Alecliuear isle hom Leb raLenaeca Lecce Ss Unit a OLe

Store materia-keep record & mnintain stock control.

To handle receipt & issue activities ofall types of material.

Maintain the FIFO & 3C, 5S.

Preparing in the documents in JIT System and following CAPA system.

WO amie eee crake aeuncr ane ncarl eee a uilee) sem

Maintaining FIFO, issues transaction document & location the master part list.

I-Process Services (India) Pvt.

Ltd (Associate of ICICI Bank Ltd) Duration: From October 07 - May12.

Designation: CPA Manager - Credit Operations.

Key Profile: Finacle - Core Banking & Symbols.

Handling in Cash Credit, Overdraft, Bank Guarantee, and Letter of Guarantee & Demand Loan.

Preparing compkte set of Loan Agreements Executed with ina stipulated period of time offered by the Bank to its New and Existing
(or ony

Preparing of CMA Preparing of CAM-Credit Appraisal Memo Analyzing Bank Staterrent like OD, CC, Current account,TL Preparing
Post Sanction Documents like CAL, SCMs.

I-Memp Monitoring day to day Account of clients and update it in excels in month wise.

DO ieee green aCe SO UNO Pye) Olankecaucoeccmi ayn

Doing Operational Review for the Clients.

Ocoee COO eee cen TNO RiTKeN acne tere ace

Finding out the Outstanding Limit, liabilities and Overdue.

Checking out the Tempory overdrawn for each and every Client.

Finding the cheque returns (Imvard / Outward).

Seeing the Disbursement details.

Taking out DR report and Due plus reports for the Term Loan Clients.

Taking out the Repayment Schedules for Term Loan Clients.

Adin, Executive
May 2005 to August 2007 Company Name

¢ Arrangement of felicitation fimctions for Insurance agents and to the employees.
© Coordinating with the Development Officers fiom various branches.

* Coordination of Induction Training and other joming formalities for New Joinee.
¢ Allover support coordination ofall departments for smooth fimctioning.

Manager - Customer
Company Name

* Creating Purchase Orders and Sales Invoices as per the requirement Preparing of Stock Statement on monthly basis Operating TALLY
Se RRO ue senna baer aoe CULE CUM lee Keebee eons IEC ucm veces ticle

brairestbeny

Degree Institution/College/School University/Board Year M.B.A -HR Annamahi University, Chidambaram Annamalai University : 2008
AEP Woe Onova neve

Dip : Computer Technology , 2000 Madras University D.C. Tech 14 City Computer Technology

PG Dip : Labour Law & Administrative Law , 1997 S.S.L.C C.F Silver Jubike Matriculation School Labour Law & Administrative Law
Certifications

SAM Aertel soared

Personal Information

Father's Name : C. Gopinathan DOB : 27-12-1978 Sex : Make. Marital Status : Married. Present Address : No.16/29, Moorthy Nagar,
Villivakkam, Chennai - 600049. Languages Known : English, Hindi, Tail and Malyalam Phe: Chennai K. Sanjay
