NVPAP NSIT NOls1a4
erent

© Home schooling knowledge © Strong communicator

* Calmand patient * Toddler and preschool curricula
© Certified in Early Chidhood Education © Classroommanagerrent

© Head Start programs © Chssroommnagement

als
Thave a Jot patience, I communicate really well with children, I can usually calma stressfil situation quickly.

brairestbeny
Early Childhood Education 2000 San Jacinto College i City, State, USA

Coursework in Child NutritionChild Abuse Awareness trainingCoursework in Emergency PreparednessCoursework in Behavior
ManagerentEmphasis in Chid Development

High Schoo! Diplomm , General 1991 Beaumont High School 1% City , State , USA
Mose nice Rareniers

schivor anes
Master Teacher Sep 2010 to Apr 2013
Company Name i City , State

Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated keaming needs. Encouraged students to be understanding of and
helpfill to others.Observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential kaming blocks and opportunities for support. Physically
and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs
and chssroom group dynamics.Organized field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos. Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and
kssons. Implemented emergent curriculum to encourage student participation. Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, while maintainng
overall focus on the entire group. Wrote daily and weekly lesson plans.Administered minor first aid to injured students. Applied the positive
reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.Promoted language development skills through reading and storytellmg. impkmented family
style meals. conducting parent/teacher conferences. and kept personal profiles of each child.

Teachers Associate Aug 2004 to Nov 2009
Company Name i City , State

Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling Applied the positive reforcement method to redirect negative
behaviors.Conducted small group and individual clssroom activities based on differentiated leaming needs. Assisted 5-6 children per station during
small group keaming periods. Organized field trips to Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpfill to others.Observed students to
supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support.Physically and verbally interacted with students
throughout the day to keep them engaged. Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons. Implemented emergent curriculum Supplied
one-or-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout
the day to keep them engaged.Commumicated effectively with educators from various grade kevels. Wrote daily and weekly Iesson

phns. Administered minor first aid to injured students.to encourage student participation. Organized field trips to local parks, fire stations and
z008.Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps. Established a safe play environment for the

children. Distributed quarterly educational assessments, similar to report cards, to each parent.Developed professional relationships with parents,
teachers, directors and therapists.Observed children for signs of illness, injury, emotional disturbance, leaming disorders and speech

problens. Maintained daily records of chikdren's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.

Blcloro mcr Uem AOR CANIN
Company Name i City , State

Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling Applied the positive reforcement method to redirect negative
behaviors.Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. Organized field trips to local parks, fire
stations and zoos. Assisted 5-6 children per station during small group earning periods. Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpfil to
others.Observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential leaming blocks and opportunities for support.Physically and
verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged. Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and
classroom group dynamics. Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and kessons. Implemented emergent curriculum to encourage student
participation. Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.Communkated effectively with
educators from various grade levels. Wrote daily and weekly kesson plans. Administered minor first aid to injured students. Maintained daily records
of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.Established a safe play environment for the children.Created and implemented
developnentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. Distributed quarterly educational assessments, similar to report cards, to
each parent. Maintained a child-friendly environment with access to outdoor activities. Completed all required docurrentation for the National Head

Start program
Sot Ohne srw be
