LEAD TEACHER

Summary

To secure a position where I can utilize my skills, work ethic, achievement where we it can be an asset to your company.
Highlights

Knowledge of Windows Microsoft Word, PowerPoint & Excel and Intemet Explorer hair stylist and makeup stylist.
schivor anes

Lead Teacher 12/2015 to 06/2016 Company Name City , State

* Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method.

© Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.

© Assigned to work with academic education director to provide and maintain a positive and appropriate educational program that meets the
social, emotional, physical, and intellectual needs of the chikiren within my care.

Scho remem Neen ketiaue Om icka tl tcaey

Fcecon HOM er ce Rn ace alicn enue cra konneninin candi ae ca ieiuenuelemsntminagitecei eon itcd
brain developed and interact with their peers.

Passenger Service 06/2015 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

© Greet passengers and check documents

© Input passengers information into the computer

© Checked baggage and collected baggage charges.

© Printed itineraries and tickets for an average of 30 passengers per flight.
© check in passengers for flight resevations

* Escort first and business class passengers to lounge

¢ Check and scan boarding pass before passengers board the plane

Teachers Aide 01/2015 to 03/2015 Company Name City , State

Crouch RwenauraiecorRwuliranlemiiaa paceitcey
CEP Coca hlnmepere Ren Muit icy Lome\ecen baer oe Eee) Late cm
* Do daily activities that are random for hinrher to get acquainted withe the lesson/task

Direct Support Professional 09/2014 to 04/2015 Company Name City , State

* check communication log for appointments and daily goals for service recipients.

¢ Read Record and share observation with other members of the team.

© Respect the rights of the service recipients and teach them to speak up for themselves.

* Selected and compiled relevant information and resources for clients to support them in overcoming mental and emotional probknvs.
© Supported residential clients in completing tasks such as toileting, brushing teeth and general hygiene.

© Acted as a role model for clients by exhibiting positive behaviors.

Education

Associates of Science : Teachers Education December 2010 Medgar Evers College City , State Teachers Education

High Schoo! Diplomn : Liberal Arts 2005 Thoms Jefferson High School City , State , USA

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

als

academic, autism, book, clients, customer service, database, Internet Explorer, director, Excel, PowerPoint, Windows, Microsoft Word,
purchasing, quick, Read, sabre, Sales, Staffing, Inspect vehicles

PXcGreoeslPiloeraben

© Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer
