CLASSROOM TEACHER
Professional Summary

Skilled and experienced clissroom teacher certified and licensed to teach in the State of South Carolina. Demonstrated knowledge of successfull
teaching, behavior modification and classroom management. Ready to help students by everaging training, skills and many years of classroom
experience.

als
© Microsoft office with modem chssroomtechnology + Lesson planning
© Conflict Resolution Training * Classroom management
* IEP familiarity PURO rilehneas oud boc)
Cem Oleesirale edie ated * Technology integration
CUPS eR ep BcROl aah estar Ce ena s)4
© Positive kaming environment © Inquiry-based leaming
© Student-centered keaming * Test proctoring

Work History

lO2LOcre nM Kclelomm uP CERIO eAU iE
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Performed all aspects of cassroommanagementA

OSA tesie one poe ae bral tbal canoes redscen

Documented attendance, assignments, grades and participation.

Planned kessons, activities and trips to cover all required course material.

Collaborated with parents, administrators and counselors to develop improverrent plans for struggling students.
Developed activities and integrated technology to diversify instruction.

Met with parents to resolve contlicting educational priorities and issues.

Created new lesson plans based on course objectives.

Classroom Teacher , 08/1998 to 06/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Colkborated with parents, administrators and counselors to develop improverrent plans for struggling students.

¢ Administered quizzes and tests to assess student understanding of mterial.

© Documented attendance, assignments, grades and participation.

* Fostered meaningfil relationships among students through student fickl-trip retreats and teamwork community service projects.
© Served on School Affiliation Board and revised the institute's policies and rules.

© Created new lesson plans based on course objectives.

* Met with parents to resolve contlicting educational priorities and issues.

Classroom Assistant , 08/1989 to 06/1998
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Maintained student safety in classroom and outside environments.

Pedtrrance Romy omn erences em csion

Met with team of professionals fom different disciplines to implement comprehensive action plan,

Worked with individual students to provide personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support.

Provided diverse assistance to teachers, including clerical support, classroom management and document coordination.
Prepared instructional materials for group and one-on-one use.

Developed and taught lessons on relevant children's books, poems, movies and themes to promote student interest.

pinay

Education/Parenting Teacher Activities:A,

South Carolina Education Association 4-H Member/Teacher
Dine reno Pala eco @ ev aehiceog

INU Soothi ie wire Rn a Oceana
Volunteer at Boys and Girls Club of Rock HillA

Detention Hall TeacherA

Ieee ere.

Emergency Action Team Member
