SUBSTITUTE TEACHER

Summary

Receiving an education on Psychology and pursuing my teaching certification,ha been the best professional accomplishment I have achieved. The
teaching in the absence of the teacher helped me understand that I haveA a background to implement the strategist teach.

Sales Manager successful in relationship and team building. Motivates sakes teams to exceed sakes goals with track record of consistently achieving
employee retention, skilled in leading tears to set record-high sales figures, expand existing territories and develop new accounts. Achieve record-
setting revenue gains. Talented, effective at multi- tasking and reaching sales targets. Buikds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers
Business development executive experienced in all aspects of'sales and marketing, contract negotiation and account management. Driven
professional who effectively builds loyalty and long-term relationships with custorrers whik consistently exceeding sales targets.

Accomplishments

© 8620 Spectrum Center Blvd.

¢ San Diego, CA 92123 Accomplishments Attentive Sales Manager with track record of consistently achieving employee retention and sales
peers

© 8 years in sales, customer service and personnel and payroll managerrent.

© Driven to exceed goals and expectations.

® Talented saks professional effective at multi-tasking and reaching sales targets.

© Builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers.

schivor anes
Substitute Teacher 01/2016 to Current Company Name

© Manage classrooms, and help children throughout the day, by assessing the Iesson of the day.
* Maintaining discipline in the chssroom

102011 to 012017 Company Nanv City , State

Advised prospective employees on various tips and tricks that would assist them in gaining employment in the organization.
Impknent effective HR policies to ensure all practices are following labor and employment regulations.

Increased employee retention above 90% by rigorously maintaining a positive work environment.

Develop targeted outreach recruitment programs to recruit more minorities and meet affirmative action requirements.

Created a website with an embedded database and FTP functionality to enable online recruitment for the organization and reducing
frewiniieer ened Nm Cle

Develop user friendly application forms and questionnaires to be used by the organization during staff recruitment and interviewing.
PAU ini ee seo me Sen cmekuelslneciuenmigine avikeoetcier asa

Operations Sales Manager 09/2008 to 10/2011 Company Name City, State

Established operational objectives and work plans and delegated assignments to subordinate managers.

Ripa sicet ac hem Misco Brill atLa nee Teme ecco s cm

Developed executive presentations and reports to facilitate project evaluation and process improvement.
Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts.

Defined clear targets and objectives and commumicated them to other team members.

Reviewed sales, customer concems and new opportunities to drive business strategy at weekly planning sessions.
Assessed vendor products and maintained positive vendor relations.

Supported the sales team in writing proposals and closing contracts.

Developed quarterly and annual safes department budgets.

Developed a comprehensive training program for new sakes associates.

Reviewed operational records and reports to project sales and detenmine profitability.

Trained all incoming sales team members.

Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.

Insurance Agent 08/2005 to 08/2008

Fred Loya Insurance - Eagle Pass TX 78852 Met with existing and prospective clients each week to select appropriate insurance policies.
Calculated quotes and educated potential clients on insurance options.

Tracked the progress ofall outstanding insurance chins.

Cakulted premiums and established payment methods for sales.

Identified and solicited sales prospects in agency databases.

Evaluated leads obtained through direct refermals, lead databases and cold calling.

Modeled exceptional customer service skills and appropriate diagnostic sales techniques.

Collected all premiums on or before effective date of coverage.

Contributed ideas and offered constructive feedback at weekly sales and training meetings.

Education and Training
High Schoo! Diplorm 2000 Eagle Pass High School City , State
Associate of Science
