TEACHER

PSsteclipi me scuriestal

Professional Summary

A position as an adjunct teacher/professor with major responsibilities that will effectively utilize my experience and training in coordination with my
communication, leadership, and organizational skills. Teacher certified by the state of South Carolina to teach all general sciences. A motivator
experienced in teaching physical science, chemistry, and medical microbiology. Excellent organizational skills, proficient with all Microsoft
applications, and grade and attendance keeping software.

A position as department chair with major responsbilities that will effectively utilize my experience and training in coordination with my
communication, leadership, and organizational skills. Teacher certified by the state of South Carolina to teach all general sciences. A motivator
experienced in teaching physical science, chemistry, and medical microbiology. Excellent organizational skills, proficient with all Microsoft
applications, and grade and attendance keeping software.

Skills
* National Board Certified ree ee
¢ AP Bio certified 2015 ara ne rere
© AP Chemcertified summer 2017 rae enn i » ronment
Se RcLLcsButcc tes ui cece Sd earn ne
Work History
Teacher 02/2003 to Current
Company Name

© Teach medical microbiology, chemistry, and physical science, 9 through 12 grades.
* Keep grade books, input grade information into IGpro grade keeping system

¢ Responsible for detailed weekly kesson plans, parent correspondence.
© Active with Homecoming and Prom committees.

Teacher 02/2003 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Teaclvhave taught: honors, college prep medical microbiology, honors, college prep, basic chemistry; honors biology (100% pass rate);
physical science, 9 through 12 grades.

Keep grade books, imput grade information into PowerSchool grade keeping system

Create detailed, engaging new lesson plans based on course objectives.

A Organized, ordered supplies, made appointrents, and put on 4 fabulous Proms as Prom committee co-chair.

Olea Vela aiel Roum «awn eke Oe on ome a eT emuLacincsB ites iccki hth

Collaborate yearly with a team of faculty to serve at-risk incoming 9th graders for the "Bridge PrograntA

Serve yearly as a mentor to 1-2 teachers.

Correspond with parents by ermil, telephone or postal mail.

Oversaw inventory activities, including chemical monitoring, for the science departrrent.

Created detailed, engaging new Iesson plans based on course objectives.

Impkmented reading and writing in science by obtaining a set of novels from DonorsChoose to support student literacy in the science
classroom

© Consistently receive positive teacher evaluations from students and administrators.

© Summer National Board Certification grader for Pearson

Medical Technologist 02/2001 to 01/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

« Analyze blood and body fluids for hematology, chemistry, coagulation, immunology, and urinalysis using mainly Beckman equipment
including the LX.

® Manual and automnted hematology, including cell differentiation of peripheral smears as well as exudates.

Cee Deco a meine eon arsiilcrnecke elise tina

© Plate microbiology specimens on appropriate media, rapid test for strep, influenza, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, and mononuckosis.

© A,B, O typing and antibody identification, sickle cell determination, antigen typing, cross matching,

Medical Technologist 02/2001 to 01/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Analyze blood and body fluids for hematology, chemistry, coagulation, immunology, and urinalysis using mainly Beckman equipment
including the LX.

Manual and automnted hematology, including cell differentiation of peripheral smears as well as exudates.

DAV Acoa mie e Deon arisiulcrpecme laisse tina

Plate microbiology specimens on appropriate media, rapid test for strep, influenza, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, and mononuckosis.
A, B, O typing and antibody identification, sickle cell determination, antigen typing, cross matching.
