TEACHER
Summary

Education professional driven to create an environment that promotes hands-on keaming for chikdren at all stages of the kaming process.

BS ania}
Calero ia@yinaes
Rynrca arte

esate PUES LenS sa First Aid and CPR Certified
Engrade

enn ¢ Excellent chssroom mangement
AN lacie coon cecekoeiiaiead

Accomplishments
enna N

© Developed and implemented the Faimess Committee, which is a restitution process run by students to help resolve peer issues in a positive,
nor-judgmental environment

© Served as student mentor and counselor for students when academic probkvs and personal adjustrrents arose, meeting with guardians to
reach solutions.

eee vane

Monitored and facilitated weekly meeting of Student Council

Instructed and advised on leadership skill, incorporated a trip to Ramapo for Children to help instill those leadership qualities.
Palos rcdmen dora ucetkeeriuinnn Mer eRaettet Bice ater oem

Oversaw all student government issues. Coordinated with the COSA teacher to plan and implement school-wide events.
Organized and planned a Holiday Gift Giving event in conjunction With the Coney Island Generation Gap at the NY Aquarium
In-cooperation with Diplorm Plus High School and Coney Island Generation Gap organized and supervised a Teen Summit about success
after High School and Greening the Community.

Organized and supervised Student Talent Showcase.

Organized and supervised senior trip, prom, and graduation.

Ran fimd-raising events including a find-raising benefit concert for a young child who has San Fillpo Syndrome.

Coordinated a 4€cePay it Forward Campaigna€ in our school

OLDE oN ee aN

Served as Environmental action team keader

Won two National Events and came in second in another event.

Instilled importance of conservation and protection of the environment, by beach clean ups, environmental awareness events, paperless
Friday to celebrate Earth Day, and established a recycling program in our school.

Monitored the cleaning of Keiser Park Beach in Coney Island where we pulled offover 1,000 pounds of garbag

Sponsered a graffiti clean up in Coney Island.

Affiliations include Alliance for Climte Education, Partnership for Parks/Coney Island division, Friends of Kaiser Park, Community board
13, Coney Island Generation Gap, and Urban Neighborhood Services.

schivor anes
Teacher , 09/2009 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Taught Regents level Earth Science , developed curriculum, projects, and exams, facilitated and administered required labs,
incorporated film throughout the curriculum exclusively used SmartBoard lessons to enhance student leaming.

Environmental Science: Taught 1 1th Grade Environmental Science.

Developed curriculum, projects, and exams.

Facilitated labs and activities.

Health : Taught basic Health class mcorporating the six components of Health: Physical; Emotional; Social; Mental; Spiritual, and
Sirens

Fermake Soccer Assistant Coach , 08/2012 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Coordinated practices, taught basic and advanced skills

Created and ran up-to-date and relevant drills

Monitored the academic performance of student-athletes in addition to their athletic progress.
Helped develop each participant's physical and psychological fitness.

We ete Rane el MoOU CIS emeenee dicen eee cession

Wii eRarennalietii damn) ace ORORlt im neta engeceuaesine Rest) om
