Byes Ice
Professional Summary

ON a Ga ob CBE Wcocee cen ee lou a ssa nino Aho ROTM aC IS LI aus ea nen iLcM erase a Lath.
succeed in growing and attaining goals that they previously thought impossible. A My work has centered on reducing anxiety through
encouragement and evidence based practice to support my students and colkeagues in reaching milestones in their lives.

Skills
© Purposeful lesson planning
ee cunag a
i A ¢ Whiting measurable goals
: aeannastatineelied - © Creating materials for teaching multipk styles of learners
ad A ¢ Arizom Teaching Certificate with Special Education
© coordinating aes Puchiosn fer nenenen
© mamginga team ofadults ra 5 A 5
on a ee ter eet [er CUO ILLCE Loc un EE BUG MINE ea lle Lad OIE neccoy
eee

Cs tueeLenlc}
data tracking for effective goak.

Work History
Teacher , 07/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

In July 2017 I was hired to teach a district program for student with Autism in Scottsdale, Arizona.

My duties were to provide academic, and social emotional teaching to 3rd, 4th, and Sth grade students with Autism.

In addition I provided emergency support when those students were unable to regulate their emotions in the general education setting,

T also managed IEPs for all of my students and coordinated services with specialists such as OT's, PT's and SLPs.

I supported teachers and staff'in designing protocols for dealing with individuals with Autism, as well as helped support fanilies to encourage
their students in academic growth for the year.

T also managed a team of three paraeducators who provided direct support to the students in the general education setting, and worked with
15 teachers to implement individual education plans for 12 students ensuring them the maximum time in the general education setting,
Prepared quizzes, tests and examinations to gauge how well students were leaming.

Created lesson plans and scheduled each day to promote maximum student learning and enrichment.

Fn cemeUnimepeelbeeceiP ep isl @eTlCe nee acILUCiOm ci SyntELooeCes ee Bla ecicm

Met regularly with parents and guardians to discuss children's progress.

TABS Teacher , 07/2016 to 06/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© 1n2016 I was hired to teach a district program for students with Autism.

© My primary duty was to teach social skills lessons to students in grades K-5th grade.

* Talso designed and implemented supports for their general education classrooms, assisted in inclusion, supported the classroom teachers as
needed, and deescalated students when they became overwhelmed,

© I worked closely with SLPs, Resource teachers, and classroom teachers to design plans that met the needs of the students on my caseload.

* As part of this job I was trained in SAMA non-violent de-escalation technique and physical restraint.

© As part of the school I worked on the PBIS team to support students in making positive behavior choices, and helped with moming duties.

LEAP teacher , 08/2012 to 06/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

In 2012 I was hired to teach the district behavior program for 3rd-5 grade students with behavior disorders.

I managed a chss of up to 12 students with behavioral or social disabilities, coordinating services, academics, and therapy ina self
Peoiialived eset teem

I was ako responsibk for managing their IEP's, daily communication with parents, and managed incident reports duc to violent behaviors.
In addition to my teacher's certification I was also Right Response certified for de-escalation and non-vioknt physical restraint.
Developed IEPs with and without BIPs.

Completed training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the field.

Preserved the confidentiality of student records and information at all tines.

Created a chssroom environment in which children could leam respect for themselves and others.

Paraeducator , 08/2009 to 08/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© 1n2009 I was hired by the Olympia School District to aid students with Autism in the self contained Autism program

¢ I served this chss for two years and then was transferred to work supporting special education teachers in the high school special education
Ese ttnem

* My duties included lon! student specific roles such as: Toileting; academic support; transition support; life skills; and daily routine support.
