Byes Ice

schivor anes

UU CSO AN GE

Blctorom Generales LOIN MEST)

© Implement instructional activities contributing to meaningfil learning experiences.
© Prepare syllabi and detailed lesson plans based on course standards and objectives.

© Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with students, parents, and other professionals on a regular basis.
* Established and maintained cooperative working relationships with students, parents, and co-workers.

© Colkborate with peers to enhance the instructional environment.

05/2014 to Current

Social Services Specialist Company Name 1% City , State

© Ensure new mothers have the necessary supplies and resources needed for a safe newbom discharge.

Asrange newbom and matermal appointments with primary providers for follow- up care.

Coordinate, assess, and evaluate patients specific needs to facilitate discharge planning.

Provide community referrals to agencies and resources to ensure continuity of care.

Prepare case records including nature of problems, patient and furrily needs, final disposition of patient and referrals/services arranged for
oli beaicania

© Arrange required durable medical equipment to ensure each patient's continuity of care.

ONCE Cree cs
Social Work Intem Company Name 14 City , State

© Under supervision, coordinate, assess, and evaluate patients specific needs to facilitate discharge planning.

© Under supervision, provide community referrals to agencies and resources to ensure continuity of care.

© Under supervision, prepare case records including nature of probks, patient and family needs, final disposition of patient and
aeniccaancecmiiciiicce Boece pecloalla

Education and Training

May 2014

Bachelor of Arts : Psychology Wamer University i City , State Psychology

yA

Bachelor of Arts : Social Work Nova Southeastem University is City , State Social Work

Wiccan’

Master of Science : Forensic Psychology Legal Systems Southeastem University i City , State Forensic Psychology Legal Systems

Master of Social Work Clmical In Progress I was a student-athkte ona softball scholarship. I received Bright Futures Scholarship and maintained
a GPA required ofa NAIA student-athlete. Honors: Alpha Lambda Delta Honors Society, Phi Alpha Honors Society, Pi Gamma Mu Honors
society, Magna Cum Laude Honors Society, Dean's list 2010-2014, Academic All Conference team 2012-2013 and 2013-2014.

Skills

else rai yeep el annum CO stoma al Uae Let MT orcas ee)

Activities and Honors

National Association of Social Workers (NASW) Vice President of Social Work and Psychology Student Association at Wamer University
2013- 2014 Phi Alpha Chapter President 2013- 2014
