TEACHER
Ritererstag

Kind and compassionate Elementary Schoo! Teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students.
SHO erect carmel mublneke acre y

Highlights

Texas Teaching Certificate with Early Childhood Education endorsement

Urban public schools background

Critical thinker

Title I knowledge © Flexible and adaptive

Curriculum development CR Gslnttnc om rected

Standardized testing techniques CR rrucmeeaccussbeem orcp ure eis Boenesl (ony
Beaty eter LIC)

IEPs knowkedge

Beas

°

Cr

Accomplishments

Worked with a committee of fellow educators to develop campus wide curriculum development.
Sil

*Classroom management

*Records of Progress

*Small group/Guided Reading Instruction

Astin Roos ctbccet

Experience
Oo Arr eA ee ROnnca kee bay
COARSE

Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress.

Impkmented a variety of teaching methods such as Iectures, discussions and demonstrations.

Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.

Set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal responsibility. Identified early signs of emotional,
developmental and health problems in students and followed up with parents.

Tutored children individually and in small groups to help them with difficult subjects.

Taught after-school and summer enrichment programs.

Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on chikren's academic performance.
Established positive relationships wih students, parents, fellow teachers and schoo! administrators.

Mentored and counseled students with adjustment and academic probkis.

Collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting leaming and student engagerment.
Contributed ideas at weekly staff meetings each month.

Employed a broad range of instructional techniques to retain student interest and maximize kaming.
Impknented remedial programs for students requiring extra assistance.

Be) el ey ereca Mae eC IER ULC CouChrcnar\icen

Improved students’ reading levels through guided reading groups and whok group instruction.

Created lesson plans in accordance with state curriculum and school-wide curriculum standards.

Accepted coaching from fellow teachers and administrators and immediately incorporated feedback.

Worked outside normal hours to be available to answer parent and student questions.

Used children's literature to teach and reinforce reading, writing, grammar and phonics.

Enhanced reading skills through the use of children's literature, reader's theater and story time.

Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.

Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.

Taught students in various stages of cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional developrrent.

Strengthened parent-teacher and parent-child communication by holding regular parent-teacher conferences.
Encouraged students to explore issues in their lives and in the world around them

Employed a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently.
Encouraged parents to take an active rok in their child's education.

ee ee

Company Name February 2011 to May 2011 Reading Tutor
