DIRECTOR/PRESCHOOL TEACHER
Summary
Personable education professional driven to inspire students to achieve personal and academic success.
Highlights
© Exceptional written and verbal communicator
© Committed to cultivating student leadership
PEs Celine ied

© Natural kader
© Positive and cheerful
Cr enisiceres

Accomplishments

Designed and implemented new programs to bring in more families and revenue to my school.
schivor anes

Ue SPAU ER @racars

Director/Preschool Teacher Company Narre 1% City , State

© Responsibilities to include: Curriculum, Enrichment, Continuing Education, Human Resources, Staff Development, Registrar, and the
purchase ofall supplies.

Respond to all inquiries (ermail, answering machine, in person) ina timely manner.

Schedule tours upon request.

Organize the registration process.

Determine pre-registration date for alunmi and returning students.

PN hp ep ikcer aucos oe llimtR Oma cM ame eC CHG ese pom Recto ice

Asrangg for staff substitutes and notify the bookkeeper of staff personal, sick, substitute days, lunch bunch, and staff meetings.
Distribute staff paychecks.

Develop and run annual curriculum planning meeting with staff prior to each new school year.

Responsible for staff development: encourage and motivate staff members to reach personal and school goals.

Review teacher's curriculum plans on a regular basis.

Conduct staff observations in conjunction with Hollis Preschool Board.

Be familiar with the NH Chik Care Licensing and Operating Standards to ensure that the school meets the requirements.
Ensure that the facility maintains safety standards while chikdren are present.

Oversee, help and mentor the Kindergarten club teachers in all aspects of the position requirements.

Maintain a positive attitude and act as a team player by supporting new ideas and teaching practices and contributing to the collaborative
environment of Hollis Preschool.

Teach chases in accordance with the curriculum established.

Work closely with Curricuhm Committee.

Write student evaluations for parent conferences.

Plan and organize field trips.

UT PAU RRSP :3
JPM tere rom Gun lin aN rir at LOIS mESIE (a

© Responsible for planning, preparing and implementing all aspects of each student's educational goals and objectives according to their IEP.
© Wrote progress reports, maintained documentation and participated in the TEAM meeting process.
* Working alongside therapists and instructional aides as part ofa collaborative team.

eR RN P.0 0
Kindergarten Teacher Company Name 1% City , State

© How many people can say that every day they make a difference in the lives of many students, differences that will shape the adults that
those kids will become.

This is a reflection of my career as a Kindergarten Teacher.

We are giving students their very first experience of school.

Ifthey enjoy Kindergarten and feel successfull and good about themselves, that will progress with them to the next grade levels.
Helped children develop self-confidence, develop social skills, leam probkem solving skill, and to help children feel safe in a friendly,
PTA eRe NICO LED ee

Assisted students with a love for leaming and build a spirit of cooperation in the chssroom

Developed social, emotional, creative, physical and cognitive needs of each individual student.

Provided each child the opportunity to socialize and leam important skills, such as respect, good citizenship and trustworthiness.
Helped build self esteem and stress that every child is a valuable and capable person.

Develop a unique and personalized curriculum

or RUST VB a CULe RNIB HaUIN AES HEU one ces reese Conice

CO eR eke T a tel)
Mental Health Counselor Company Name i City , State

* Processed extensive evaluation of patients and their individual needs.
