BEEF Nels Ide

Professional Summary

Highly organized and detail-oriented Administrative ProfessionalA with more than 10A years experience supplying thorough, organized
administrative support toA senior executives.

Sail

Filing and data archiving,A Employee training and development,A Critical thinker,A. Microsoft Office (Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint,
Word),A Multi-line phone proficiency,A Advanced clerical knowkedge,A Invoice processing,A Accounting familiarity,A Appointrent
setting,A Social media knowkedge,A Works well under pressure,A Excellent planner and coordinator,A Accurate and detailed,A
Oterca em ron cw WTAE Roles e ue Me Baclcnttetcanane MM lover ne WM toate eee nT snrat ene
Effective time management

Work History
Teacher 08/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Develop and implement engaging, effective, student-centered lessons in Reading, Phonics, Math, Science, Social Studies, Writing, and
Bs ura NGe

Use activities, songs/raps, and mnterials to enhance student kaming and self-esteem

(OePerniaccrcewmicnia gruel ala@sinee MWe ci Uetcm

Conducted parent conferences, faculty and team meetings, Actively participated in activities which included: assessing student progress,
assigning grades, taking attendance, recess duty, keeping parents/guardians informed through weekly progress reports/behavior charts,
phone calls and ennil.

Teacher Intern 01/2013 to 05/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Develop and implement engaging, effective, student-centered lessons in all subject areas for a diverse group of second grade special and
regular education students.

Use activities, songs, and materials to enhance student keaming and self esteem.

Deu mienianelcimuniGnatwccecleinimetalarna

Worked collaboratively with other teachers and professionals to create effective lessons that met the learning needs and abilities of all
Rina

Legal Secretary/Office Manager 122011 to 122012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.

© Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

CPU Mc i biremiaiscnt bree riicaee pel tcocaesl Ruin Maneepnceeul tlle) eccsih ecm

© Contacted clients to schedule appointments and discuss the progress of cases.

Worked as a team with attomeys, administrative assistants and fellow legal assistants.

Entered new cases into company database.

Developed, organized, and maintained filng and retrieval systems and fiks for court proceedings.
Created, indexed and maintained client binders.

Assisted attomeys in collecting formation such as employment, medical and other records.

Teller 08/2010 to 03/2011
Company Name 4€“ City , State

® Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.
© Processed sales referrals and promoted bank services and products.

© Trained employees on cash drawer operation.

CEE Ketelu ret bineneco cel ieam coher mceceticy

© Processed cash withdrawak, treasury, tax and loan payments.

© Reported daily averages and shortages to the management.

Administrative Assistant - Intemship 08/2009 to 05/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Planned, prepared and coordinated logistics, documents, and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events.
CPUS Mo biremiaiscnt bree riincahepeltcoiecaesl Ruut Maneeineeeul Clem) eccst hace

© Greeted and screened numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates and directed them to the correct office.
* Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.

Student Aide/Administrative Assistant 12/2008 to 12/2010
