ART TEACHER
Summary

Creative and caring kader who has eared trust and respect from students, colleagues and administration for 11+ years.

Core Qualifications
CE Go iriver oseniminwe)incenae’
© Student Centered Classroom Instruction

* Leadership
© Creative Lesson Planning and Curriculum Development

© Organization
Cer ee moans sls)

© Recruiting

Pergo hy
* Professional Development
* Motivating Students and Classroom Mamgement
© Administering Meetings
© Develop Positive Relationships with Students, Parents and Staff
Pee Gonnestnreem lens) cerentnepsaiy best

Po area ty

Fundraising for American Cancer Society for 3 years as the RFL Coordinator
Joseph B Whitehead Coca Cola Scholars Educator of Distinction Award in 2010
Outstanding Commitment to Education Service Award in 2010

NE Division Student Council Advisor of the Year Award in 2010 and 2014
Advisor of the Year in 2010

Student Council of the Year Award in 2015

Breast Cancer Survivor 2015

Professional Experience
09/2012 to 06/2015
Art Teacher Company Name i City , State

© Teaching 7th Grade Art, Art I-IV, Drawing, Painting, Ceramics, Sculpture and Concurrent Enrollment Intro to Art, Drawing, Ceramics and
Painting. Planning, implementing and evaluating art curriculum for students ofall levels. Giving directions and explanation related to kessons.
Providing feedback, assessing and evahuting students throughout the lesson. Commumicating with students and parents on student's
progress, behavior and work habits. Managing disruptive behavior inside the classroom. Participating in professional growth opportunities
and collaborating with staff or colleagues.

08/2006 to 06/2015
Community Education Director Company Nan i City , State

© Providing administrative leadership to all Fund 04 programs such as ECFE, School Readiness, Youth and Adult Enrichment, Adults with
Disabilities and Support Groups, GED Testing, Adult Basic Education, Aquatics, and Early Childhood Screening Developing and
monitoring all Fund 04 revenues and expenditures. Hiring and supervising all Community Education staff Providing leadership to Community
Education Advisory Board. Supervising Community Education activities; organizing programs and services (both short and long term);
eeu URI E AY ARI CeS ELM @ee eles Teco MAU RES PEM LeRT Tar CM Oe MyM OUP eee Mise lcm ica Uiem
Preparing annual state Community Education reports; Maintaining accurate and timely reporting to MDE. Attending workshops and
seminars to benefit Community Education.

08/2005 to 06/2015
Student Council Advisor Company Name iA City , State

© Supervising students in grades 7-12 who serve on student government. Planning and implementing community service projects and
fimdraisers. Coordinating and supervising school activities, pep fests, dances, etc.

¢ Administering weekly meetings Assisting with elections and scholarship applications. Attending NE Division Meetings and the State
Coon uarees

08/2005 to 06/2015
Enrichrrent & Pool Coordinator Company Name iA City , State

¢ Simervising the Pool. Lifecunrds. Water Safetv Instructors. and Swim Lessons. Planning and develoning courses. nrograms and services for
