PRESCHOOL TEACHER

Summary

Enthusiastic Preschool Teacher talented at teaching visual art, music and theater. Engages children with diverse and enjoyable activities involving
lreteclen AAI CORT CNeR eM etre

schivor anes

August 2015

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Preschool! Teacher

© Provide a variety of mterials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in leaming activities and in innginative phy.
* Attend to children's basic needs by feeding them, dressing them, and changing their diapers.

© Teach basic skills such as color, shape, number and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills.

¢ Establish and enforce ruks for behavior, and procedures for maintaining order.

© Read books to entire classes or to srmll groups.

© Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafis, music,
storytelling, and field trips.

September 2014

to

August 2015

Company Name City , State Opening Coordimtor

* Make daily decisions to ensure product quality, store cleanliness, and other Company standards are met.

Understand cost contro! procedures, financial accounting, inventory levels, and labor managerrent.

Monitor shift profitability.

Know, understand, and execute proper cash handling and safe procedures.

Set up shift board and personnel positioning,

Responsible for receiving deliveries and following all security procedures.

Ensure birthday parties are set up and that appropriate personnel are scheduled and assigned to assist the party, evaluate birthday surveys
& results.

© Supervise Cast Members.

February 2014

to

Crome

Company Name City , State Site Aide

© Responsible for assisting the Site Supervisor and/or Assistant Site Supervisor in.
SES nos etm Lateline aarcneMicew emi pece glean

brairestbeny

vA}

Middletown High School City , State High School Diploma

Brookdale Community College City , State Associate of Arts : Early Chiklhood Education Early Childhood Education

als

cash handling, cost control, critical thinking, financial accounting, inventory levels, kesson planning, personnel, positioning, quality, receiving,
ST a aresy eal aos oem Core [eam UConn
