KINDERGARTEN TEACHER
Summry
Bonnie cencingcdlelom om sanceR@enine ure laceree Som CRIM EIR OUSNe s URC cCor Peice neu rari ca kG
grade and kindergarten. Prior to my teaching career, I worked in administration and management and have experience with accounting, ordering,
payroll, computer systems, scheduling and interacting with the general public in multiple capacities.
NaS

CW banetcmicnbomanearls

ri ae ¢ Account Reconciliations
¢ Professional communication arene renter ae
Came itca secon ce Licata cane eer aes
a is © Intimate knowkdge of school system
rN
Experience
Kindergarten Teacher

August 2011 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Served as Team kader for three years.

Served as collab partner with special education specialist for three years.

Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.

Set and commumicated ground ruks for the chssroom based on respect and personal responsibility.
Mentored and counseled students with adjustment and academic probkns.

Bee) eye co MMA CCIE ULC ouCr cman cen

Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.

Encouraged chikren to be understanding of others.

* Promoted good behaviors, accountability and social responsbility.

Head Start/Federal Preschool Programs Teacher
August 2006 to July 2011 Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Encouraged parents to take an active role in their child's education.

© Encouraged students to explore issues in their lives and in the world around them

CRON peceR cA Rn eae nee orem alee inca omtiNe Rewer

Cee sus ecR rca cM Parone reve od in

¢ Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and schoo! administrators,
© Taught students in various stages of cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional development.

First Grade Teacher

Novenber 2003 to July 2006 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Served as team keader for one year.

© Served as collab teacher with special education specialists for one year.

© Strengthened parent-teacher and parent-child communication by holding regular parent-teacher conferences,
CO eed Oop obi bnonnemmlninccaturaninnttnekeren aw cmarer erin tinteetce cs

© Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.

© Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress.

Head Start Teacher
August 2001 to November 2003 Company Name i City , State

Visited family homes twice yearly.

Supervised children on monthly field trips to local parks, museums and zoos.

(OO Mireecnnenimenane cau

PAG Paces ROP reson sR Ue Uae a CBU Elma xen neme laud yeincmech ye aes belongs) acme Real aaa Ce
Supervised and assigned daily duties to classroom assistant.

Attended after school fimctions to help build a stronger community/school rehtionship.

Tnterventionist
January 2001 to June 2001 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Provided suppkenental teaching to srl groups of students who needed extra assistance based on state testing results.
CIE Ores Boer e sce Rann een nt atcm

© Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress.

© Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.

Assistant Manager
RNB RE oP wAU UR Oer liye Nit BO NESS

OY Gunte a Re eat isa ac aa ees mci
