ASSISTANT TEACHER,

Si

Tend
Energetic Childcare Provider with 7+ years working with chikren in settings such as a day care center, in home nanny, and elementary schools.

Works well as part ofa team while following all teacher-driven directives. Proactive and self-sufficient in creating innovative ways to deliver

curriculum
Sail
Cee oil alee mebeait))
* Positive reinforcement methods : aang praRorascct ed
¢ Professional babysitter and nanny Pee cvarttraierti ae techniques
CMe Iratraeiucog Peart *
© Understands developmental disorders © Engaging
Rare isicne ; Car tet ene
© Infant, toddler and preschool curriculum expert Pay Cement and ganes
Se EO A Decco ar Pree
© Selfmotivated

Certifications

Sine ume Uae Ol WE ctlices
schivor anes

CTO Cah @tievang

Company Name i City , State

Promoted good behavior by using the positive reinforcement method.

Taught basic education principles while complying with IEP and ARD goak.

Assisted the lead teacher with snack time, arts and crafts and putting the children down for naps.
Adninistered medication and minor first aid to sick and injured students.

Maintained a child-friendly environment by allowing frequent access to outdoor activities.
Addressed behavioral and leaming issues with parents and daycare management stafE

Engaged with children individually to meet their emotional and physical needs.

Sparked inngination by helping children discover new things each day.

09/2015 to 04/2016
Assistant Teacher Company Name 1'4 City , State

Promoted good behavior by using the positive reinforcement method.

Promoted ngage developrrent skills through reading and storytelling.

Assisted the lead teacher with snack time, arts and crafts and putting the children down for naps.
Relieved the head teacher and toddler teacher.

Kept clssroons clean by sterilizing and disinfecting chikdren's toys and surfaces.
Organized small groups of chikdren while transitioning to and from outdoor play.
Adninistered medication and minor first aid to sick and injured students.

Dressed children and changed diapers.

Communicated regularly with parents about daily activities and behaviors.

Offered parents detailed daily reports that outlmed their child's day.

Maintained a child-friendly environment by allowing frequent access to outdoor activities.
Addressed behavioral and leaming issues with parents and daycare management stafE
Engaged with children individually to meet their emotional and physical needs.

Sparked inngination by helping children discover new things each day.

Seen netiekunl ssi oeNmIReCCrenltonti weds cam

09/2016 to 09/2017
Tn Homme Nanny Company Name 14 City , State

Organized activities that developed child's physical, emotional and social growth.

Redirected child to encourage safe, positive behaviors.

Physically and verbally interacted with child throughout the day.

Made nutritious snacks and meals forA child.

Established and maintained a safe play enviromment for the child. Monitored chiki's play activities to verify safety and wellness.

PEluleencieomomieetid neh enmrenelecd el ea ichnnuream one eee

Education and Training
