PNA VUNG MDD N@)SIEIS
Summary
Chikcare professional skilled at rennining calm under pressure while keeping the daycare setting light and playful Works hard to identify and
address behavioral and educational issues.
Highlights
Ci wesiinerinekeneasii|
Pca abae
Head Start program knowledge
Certified in Early Chikdhood Education
Infant, toddler and preschool curricula
IA Fal)
Approachable
Phyfl
Highly organized

schivor anes

Assistant Teacher 05/2014 to 11/2014 Company Nar City , State Read stories to the children and taught them painting, drawing and crafis.
Disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior. Carefilly monitored chikiren's play activities. Maintained daily records
of activities, behaviors, meals and naps. Communicated with children's parents and guardians about daily activities, behaviors and probkervs.
Managed general housekeeping duties, including feeding, diapering, resting, and cleanup.

Student Teacher 02/2013 to 02/2014 Company Name City , State

Pha¥ impkment developrrentally appropriate curriculum for 4-5 year olds children ina VPK classroom Assess children's progress towards VPK.
standards through daily observation. Design and maintain a nurturing leaming environment for young chikdren.

Supportive VPK Student Teacher 01/2013 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

° Assist teacher in setting up leaming centers, carry out activities with children.
* Serve meals to children, family style.

¢ Supervise children during phyground area.

© Summary of qualifications.

brairestbeny

Early Childhood Education Department of children and Families Certification: 45 Hours including VPK Literacy Department of Education
Certification: Early Childhood Professional Certificate, recognized by State of Florida as equivalent to National Child Development Associate
Credential Amvrican Red Cross Frist Aid and CPR for infant, Child, and Adult Volunteer Experience 2014 Fort Myers Institute of Technology
lena El CG

Early Childhood Professional Certification : Special Olympics Present Special Olympics

als

loud

Serve Meals

Preschool Teacher
Computer Skills
Publishing Software Skills
