TEACHER

Summary

Energetic with years experience in high-level executive support roks. Organized and professional. Dedicated and focused employee and manager
who excel at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Adept at managing multiple
Le) QUCR We oR Se aM URS ETTLon Snell L ete

Highlights
© Microsoft Office proficiency 5
ae eee erence ; onan Office Suite knowledge
Ba cee ETc reo Cons Rene
een pabea aa ¢ Articulate and wellspoken
© Schedule management nen
© Selfdirected
Accomplishments
Lesson Planning:

© Introduced new kaming methods to ensure total comprehension for all students.
Material Development

© Created lesson plans targeting differentiated leamers to create an engaging educational experience.
Team Building and Leadership

CEO eetkos venir Ccrenntnsececdine lumi eacacncmi re ites
eee vane

¢ Planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided students
with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.

Fee SIE oH nN

© Employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the developrrent of sensory/perceptua-motor skill,
language, cognition, and memory.

eae

* Established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading rubric and
Corl kescreseutih eis

Veale near Oe

© Increased student participation and test scores by introducing relevant computer programs and exercises to encourage student interest and
enjoyment.

Creative Lesson Planning A

© Motivated students to engage with course materials for History of WIVII course by organizing a war veteran to come fo class to
Ree MeO MLR OLR AY cg ocd

Parent Communication A
© Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas.
enna N

© Served as student mentor and counselor for students when academic probkivs and personal adjustrrents arose, meeting with guardians to
reach solutions.

leaned
Teacher 07/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

Routinely met with students’ parents regarding in-class issues and learning interruptions to discuss solutions. Taught Language Arts and Social
Studies to 43 5th grade students.Used variety of teaching techniques to encourage student critical thinking and discussion in 5th grade. Established
and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among a class of 22 students. Developed, administered and corrected tests
and quizzes in a timely manner.Coordinated after school tutoring hours with other teachers to help students in need of extra attention. Received high
