BI TEACHER

Summary
Motivated teaching professional with over 25 years! experience addressing student needs and ensuring proper student socialemotional
toe ane
Core Qualifications
© Experience working special needs students
* School improvement committee ¢ Effectively work with parents
© Positive atmosphere promotion ¢ Differentiated instruction
© Active participation in Truancy Committee =» Behavior modification
Cara Celeriictrstnemerslesteety ed Cie rspst ees eeiger(ut acy
© Goal setting and impkmentation
Professional Experience
PAUSE OR @Tac ars

BI Teacher Company Name it City , State

Modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and technologies.
Wrote Functional Behavior Assessment, and Behavior Intervention Plans to improve academic success in the classroom.

Created a desirable and safe environment for behaviorally challenged students.

Met with parents to resolve contlicting educational priorities and issues.

Taught all four core subjects and social skills.

Developed a Student Success Plan that has kept the suspension of my "At-Risk Students” to 5%.

PAU OR ORAL)
Middle Schoo! Resource Teacher Company Name if City , State

CAVE uba crus mieGCh ia PAlpUConm i ycrenuned iced cate aA once rem liar cae ke es a ecole Pole telcL Rita
pate aim

* Developed program to work with students and increase interest in higher kaming,

© Colkborated with a team of faculty to develop a tutorial program for students in need of extra help.

© Fostered meaningfil relationships among students through student fickl-trip retreats and tean+work community service projects.

08/1988 to 05/1999
Resource and Self contained Teacher Company Name 14 City , State

© Taught ina gang-affiliated school, managing 3-4 gangs ina class setting.

Constantly adjusting to students entering and exiting my program

Successfilly improved student participation in the classroom by creating a safe and conducive to karning environment.

Modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and technologies.
Planned, impkmented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program that was consistent with Albuquerque School District
reguhtions.

* Developed and taught lessons on relevant children's social economics and themes to promote student interest.

© Met with parents to resolve contlicting educational priorities and issues.

© Created an after-school sports program for an altemative to gang life.

Education and Training

Masters of Arts : Education Administration Whitworth University 1% City , State Education Administration

Master of Arts : Ementary Education/Technology University of New Mexico 1% City , State Elementary Education/Technology

Bachelor of Science : Special and Elementary Education New Mexico State University #4 City, State Special and Elementary Education

2017 1995 1988 1983

Associate of Arts : Education Clarendon College 1 City , State Education

als

academic, Interpersonal skills, economics, English, Functional, instructional design, lesson plans, managing 3, materials, math, Teacher, teamwork
