TEACHER
Summary
Experienced Assistant Manager adept at problem solving, customer service and hiring and training hardworking, quality staff Store Manager
equipped with extensive experience in retail management and sales. Employs excellent keadership skills and multitasking strengths. Determined
Assistant Manager with strong interpersonal skills and extensive retail and sales experience. Motivated Shift Manager practiced in customer
relations, sales and inventory control Demonstrated skill in improving store operations, increasing top line sales and reducing costs. Reliable
Assistant Manager with 5 years in retail sales. Coaches and encourages staff toward advancement using an enthusiastic and supportive attitude.
Highlights

Ce Xenlibicnospriamiienene ceccsberalereeg

* Accurate cash handling Conflict resolution skills

© Store opening and closing procedures Teant oriented

© Store operations Sales professional

* Outstanding commumication skills Reliable

¢ Flexible schedule

Accomplishments

© Promoted to Assistant Mamager after 7 months in the cashier/service leader Awarded "Great.
© Customer Service Award" in 2015. position. Developed and implemented new loss prevention.
© methods which resulted in a reduction in shrinkage rates.

schivor anes

Teacher

August 2008 to June 2009 Company Name
Assistant Manager

January 2010 to Current Company Name i% State

Managed chssrooms of 10 to 20 students during the absence of assigned teachers.

Impkmented a variety of teaching methods such as Iectures, discussions and demonstrations.
Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

Set and communicated ground rules for the chssroom based on respect and personal responsibility.
Tutored children individually and in srmll groups to help them with difficult subjects.

Taught after-school and summer enrichment programs.

Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and schoo! administrators.
Collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement.
Employed a broad range of instructional techniques to retain student interest and maximize eaming.
Took appropriate disciplinary measures when students misbehaved.

Worked outside normal hours to be available to answer parent and student questions.

Disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior.

Carefilly monitored chikdren's play activities.

Escorted children on outings and trips to local parks and zoos.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, retums and exchanges.
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.

Developed highly empathetic client relationships and eamed reputation for exceeding sales goals.
Achieved high sales percentage with consullative, value-focused customer service approach.
Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.
Computed accurate sales prices for purchase Transactions.

Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning,

7 Cece RU OU m Ponte enon ccm ene Leite tom

Cleaned and straightened work area.

Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.

Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.

(Olrusiesbvauctta mbes) Lem

Worked with customer service to resolve issues.

Unboxed new merchandise.

ol aemt Core aOR USL B ET NB Ger boom

Updated register logs.

Operated cash register with proficiency.

Provided professional and courteous service at all times.

Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

Placed special orders and called other stores to find desired items.

Recommended merchandise based on customer needs.

Operated a cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.

Adninistered all point of sale opening and closing procedures.

Replenished floor stock and processed shipments to ensure product availability for customers.
