ENGLISH TEACHER
Summary
Aol Kel gestiirsce Ma bec aMeectesecm eres or RKC erii eat Rsrmecce Mn Cn Gnk re IAN CH BicSpet Si Lem DncraLeck }

educational, office, and customer service environments. Degree in social work and TESOL certified, teaching English to speakers of other
languages. Skilled in the use of technology and the presentation of impactful instruction in a classroom environment.

Nails

© Creative Lesson Planning PEE OUS eo rumsroay oc

Cap isubeten bscie yeah acy © Probkm Resolution

CM Ot eran ePavd yerane Pee Seriiielee ee yrccneives

PEO CS reennclesiean ails ¢ Interpersonal Relationships

© Standardized Testing © Teanwork

¢ Leamer Assessment © Special Needs Students

¢ Technology-Based Instruction © Compliance / Policies / Procedures
Experience

English Teacher 08/2016 to 08/2017 Company Nan City, State

CMe Yd srctneBu cence coos racine liane Rreiormniine nies ems inet cm

CMO retncob nebula cb e led twice nes once seine new la CRiom lesley naretce
© Created challenging and engaging Iesson plans.

© Successfilly improved students’ listening and speaking skills through diverse conversational activities.

English Teacher 11/2015 to 03/2016 Company Nanv City, State

© Taught English for kindergarten students.
¢ Participated in school recreational and social activities and national holiday celebrations.

Shampoo Staff 08/2007 to 01/2014 Company Narre City , State

Conpketed the shampooing procedure carefillly after determining client's preferences,.
Applied shampoo, massaged scalped, washed and dried hair.

Assigned schedules for employees, organized products and the salon's appearance.
Recommended product solutions based on the needs of customers.

Trained new employees and products and procedures.

Helped build the business by delivering excellent service, developing loyal customers.

Counselor Company Name City , State

© Provided and mnintained the highest standard of community based rehabilitation services within a team of direct service staf
¢ Supported psychiatric rehabilitation and case management services to clients with mental illness,
© Interacted with clients on a daily basis, assisted with basic living skills, group activities, and outings..

Education

Bachelor of Arts : Social Work - Minor in Sociology University of Maryland City , State
Study Abroad 2015 Yonsei University City , South Korea

Certifications

Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, (TESOL)

Computer Skills

MS Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook
