Byes Ice

Executive Profile

Passionate, creative leader with more than 5 years experience spearheading special events, projects, and initiatives in corporate and educational
settings. Strong oral and written communication skills in English and Spanish which establish and maintain key working relationships across
audiences. Effective trainer/presenter of programs and initiatives for administration, colleagues, and students. Enthusiastic people person with the
ability to inspire, mfluence, and motivate others to be innovators and supporters of constant positive change.

Skill Highlights

Professional Experience
Teacher Jul 2005 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Current assignment: 4th grade Bilngual Teacher.

© Produced academic achievements every year with 90-100% passing in all content areas.

© Produced an 80% exceeding progress Mathermtics and a 30% exceeding progress performance in Reading for the 2013-2014 school year

serving a Bilmgual-Special Education chss.

Served as a Foro Abierto consultant, a Spanish Reading First educational program.

Major role player in many school initiatives and committees such as PBIS, Partners in Education, Robotics Camp, PLTW, and Vertical

Niuean este

© Invited to present as a spokesperson for Lujan Chavez at the Region 19-PBIS 2012-2013 Border Conference and after that presented

alongside team every year in annual PBIS conferences.

Presenter alongside our PBIS teamat the annual Region 19-PBIS Conference.

Helped launch Robotics Elementary Camp and served as spokesperson for the parents assembly on the last day of camp responding to

district and media questions.

© Launched and have executed an annual talent show since 2008 which results in a positive, energetic event that celebrates our year-long
efforts as a school.

Kindergarten Bilingual Teacher Aug 2003 to May 2005
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

¢ Responsible for a self-contained kindergarten bilingual classroom for the 2004-2005 school year.
© Responsible for a team teaching kindergarten bilingual classroom for the 2003-2004 school year.
* Participated as cultural liaison and secretary board member of PTA for the 2004-2005 school.
Cais

Sales and Marketing/PR Manager Mar 1999 to Sep 2002
Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for assisting director of sales in expanding the corporate market during 2000.

Promoted to corporate sales manager within five months.

Revived a relationship with Border Patrol government account which produced an additional 44,000 revenue in August of 2000.

Promoted to groups sales manager in February of 2001 to develop an under-producing non-corporate market.

Analyzed, reinvented, and executed a new marketing plan for the Mexican National market, which resulted in $35,000 revenue in weekend

business from Mexico during 2001.

Met and exceeded sales goals for 2001 in fiture business for 2002 and booked over $295,000 in fiture business for 2003.

Major role phyer in the increasing of market share by 11% over previous year, moving from#5 of 8 to #1 of 8 in competitive set.

Increased RevPAR by 10.7% over previous year, moving from 5 of 8 to #3 of 8 in competitive set.

Pere mueiners Bb isda rebar iee be h0 Ui

Launched advertising campaign to include direct mail, marketing packages for website, and radio spots to promote hotel in Chihuahua and

ED Icey

© Performed quarterly visits to maintain public relations with key players in the Mexican National Conventions and Visitors Bureau in
Chinahua, Mexico.

© Joined "Viva El Paso", Southwest Airlines, and local radio stations to plan and deliver an annual event that marketed El Paso as a
destination site within Texas and Arizona.

Education

M_D, Educational Leadership 2015 Concordia University i City , State Educational Leadership

Bachelor of Business , Marketing El Paso 1999 University of Texas i%/4 City , State , USA Marketing El Paso

Personal Information

T know that my marketing experience fised with twelve years as a Texas educator have prepared me for this position. I aman Ysketa at-risk
success myself and I have excellent community relations to enhance YISD’s valuable stance in El Paso.

als

academic, Photoshop, advertising, cancer, competitive, conferences, consultant, content, creative design, Creative Problem Solving, Client
Rekttions, direct mail, editing, government, Illustrator, director, marketing plan, marketing, market, materials, Mathermtics, Microsoft Office,
2000, Word, Presenter, producing, progress, Project managerrent, public relations, Public Speaking, Quick Leamer, radio, Reading, read,
Robotics, sales, sakes manager, scripts, speak Spanish, Spanish, Teacher, teaching, Technical Writing, video, web site, website
