TEACHER
itera

Child care professional with background as a Family Support Specialist and a Teacher looking to join a growing and service-driven organization.
Sra

Detailoriented Fast Learmer
ice P Pats nao m nites acon OG

Destelinemen armas Oleninkerrrtreng
Accomplishnents

Pe osu we bec el cue ypc uobOmuctelteeccan ae Runconcucgrauonebecb PAT UrS eI 0S m
© Received a Certificate of Completion at Los Angeles Southwest College.

Experience
Teacher 08/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

Se gO ao eho RR ORR RO AUER cenvleniaencotucedrece Nebo minatenue eseuaallymeiml en iyarlne
emotionally ina manner appropriate to their age and stage of developrent.

Promote family engagement in the child's education and well being,

eerie sul anibes Oe noletnekelbome coin htt coe

Make a minimum of two home visits with each chik!s family and hold a minimum of two parent conferences each year.

Assist parents to organize and implement parent activities; encourage, facilitate, and support parental involverent in alll aspects of the Head
Start Program Assist with transition to kindergarten or other chil care or school pkcerment.

Prepare and maintain accurate records, including child observation, individualization, ksson plans, attendance, lich count, parent
participation, in-kind contributions, and others as directed, using proper spelling and accurate calculations,

FMVs Beicaneeen Cte Pel ay Sco a eclCmen AL OO uM recinoMm In aiec tim rns calle menor corte
pre-service meetings, and other meetings as directed.

© Carry out authorized emergency and safety procedures and administer first aid.

Comply with State of Califomia Health and Welfare Codes including Title 22; Head Start Performance Standards; Chikiren's Institute
policies and procedures, and other applicable state and federal regulations.

a ee ey

Hone Visitor 09/2008 to 06/2014 Company Name City , State

Cee Cont rcemree nicer Rance escrow ee etait bi nince shearer tiny

© Worked witha caseload often (10) to twelve (12) families by going to the family home every week for at least ninety (90) minutes per
Palin Naam Gce

Consulted with families and staff in identifying a family's or chik's challenges/needs; explores solutions; Worked with parents to develop
weekly home visits and weekly activity plans based on each chiki's assessment and identified family needs; Planned, participated and
impkemented socializations twice a month.

Worked with parents to establish a Family Partnership Agreement and assists them in attain established goals.

ee RAP otos Panne pen alncmonl (esa colombo mecalinckee conan ycales tacit erste lae
as a liaison and advocate between community resources and HS families; Helped families as necessary to arrange and keep medical and
dental appointents as required by HS; Performed other duties as assigned.

Cad

Youth Counselor/ Family Support Specialist 06/2004 to 09/2008 Company Name City , State

oo Tie Rer colar nCOn Leper’

Developed and maintained meaningfill, productive relationships with providers and families.

Secure informed consent for family participation in program evaluation.

Conduct periodic home visits to assess family resources and needs.

ore sBleenlenn ete clone Bhatia ny Cocm

Maintain enrollment throughout the program year through various recruitment strategies.

Work in collaboration with other program staffand specialists to monitor, track, and coordinate services for chikdren and families.

Assist parents with understanding and implementing the Family Partnership Agreement in order to encourage and promote their overall

development, including achieverrent of self-sufficiency, as well as positive developrrental outcomes for their children.

Oe see MRA Ta COB Halil) erent eit opm

¢ Assist with outreach to families and recruitment of infants and chikiren with disabilities into the program.

© Collaborate with Mental Health Specialist (MHS) or refer to specific resource agencies to ensure the health and nutrition needs of infants,
children, and families are addressed.

¢ Participating with Early Education Expert to ead tears of education, farrily support, and other support staff (Le., mental health, disabilities)

to plan and implement targeted and intensive interventions for children dispkying challenging behaviors Communicate with education and

Ce ee ee ee eT
