SUBSTITUTE TEACHER
Siena
Administrative Assistant with 16+ years experience working with CL law fins, and large and small businesses in all aspects of business
CS aarene Toe Wed ee OOM Esra mE Com mecca mel rela emer eeciccenren rcs
A Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Shaner

Cee ere caus Corea e Olives

¢ Excellent Internet Research Skills

© Detailed and Accurate Transcription Abilities

© Requires little or no training
© Independent worker and Team Member
* Selfmotivating

© Public Speaking and Leadership Skills are eee nets

Pe ureter Biisie ; 5 4 a A

* Effective Decision Maker Pe eon etemsyiiteied 2) By (cds Bo cor bem Etnaraned
Accomplishments

Nogostiinanaianenc ci ymoccacthiedeent stinger ee Ow 7
PiclecS ovale corkeiomobiculicm lipnoianial ecko siingoneurlieiway

Experience

12/2016

Substitute Teacher Company Name i’ City , State Travel from various Middle Schools and High Schools within the district substituting for absent
teachers. A Tasks include implementing teacher instructions, taking attendance, handling emergencies, and keeping order whik maintaining a
productive chssroom environment.

02/2008 to 02/2015

Media Specialist / Quality Assurance Specialist Company Name 1‘ City , State Researched and wrote job advertisements for employers. Also
acted as a Quality Assurance Specialist, screening calls taken by our call center representatives and composing detailed reports and reporting
infractions,

02/2007 to 02/2008

Administrative Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

Assisted my Father with his life insurance business including computer support, generating correspondence, processing insurance and long term
care presentations as well as general office duties and file maintenance.

PLU ROR PL01
Administrative Coordinator Company Name i City , State

Direct executive assistance to the Executive Vice President of Business Development and Marketing as well as the Marketing team, consisting of
10 peopk.

Scheduling regular meetings and conferences through Microsoft outlook, preparation of marketing materials, inputting (and organization of)
invoices into our annual budget spreadsheets for the department, and ordering supplies through our electronic ordering system

Ako assisted with marketing and public relations events as well as online research and record keeping,
Processed all marketing employee holiday requests, check requests, marketing proposak, etc.

02/2006 to 02/2007
Saks Coordinator Company Name i City , State

esa itcm ra hese iciLene nM miclSr a Ks ucc LOCO cee Omi divse Ua SoNke)@ S¥e WRC (SOP CeEN NEST n Ed ass
Publications included Bassmmster, Fishing Tackle Retailer, Bass Times, Junior Bassmaster, and Bass ProGuide.

PASC Gites enter orsnesia arlene aOR Esa agin aces rec ed oives oem nnrent es

Assisted 3 Account Executives by completing and providing ad, production and revenue reports as well as assisting with follow up to ad sakes.

UPL UR LUAU
Legal Assistant/Paralegal Company Name 1% City , State

© Drafted agreements and contracts for various company websites and updating in accordance with new lw.

Responsibke for fie management and research of online trademark and copyright inffingements concentrating on domain names and
cybersquatters.

© Responsible for Peace HinicWsniol ee tcanesece ciesinemilincgee OrtNT yy) ee Sti against potential cybersquatters.

¢ Assisted managing partner with preparation of Powerpoint presentations for various seminars.

¢ Also handled basic administrative duties which included scheduling and calendaring ofappointments and court dates, making travel
arrangements and entry of attomey time records.

Paralegal to In-House Counsel.
