HISTORY TEACHER

schivor anes

History Teacher , 08/2006 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Seventh grade World History teacher at Southwest Middle School, Chatham County, Savanah, Ga.

Instruct four inclusion class.

Students have diverse academic backgrounds.

Charge with teaching Georgia history, geography, civics and economics.

[Hei vov eho ucMORise Tee eod COM ACN neck OUuNCM em ULamee mini anes cice Te em yr ntiem

Taught [U.S History, World history and Georgia History] history to audience of more than [30 J students each [60 min).

Designed ksson plans, course handouts and homework assignments based on textbook material and coursework.

Taught [Social Studies] to diverse chss of [30] students.

Led groups of youth in discovery exercises and offered personalized support to individuals in need of extra assistance.

Developed, administered and graded tests and quizzes promptly to provide quick feedback.

Established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among chss of [30} students.

Used variety of teaching techniques to encourage student critical thinking and discussion in [Reading, L,A, and Social Studies] course.
Managed and controlled office supply inventory to ensure timely ordering or requisition of depleted or low-level stock.

Tracked class attendance and student progress.

Developed interesting course plans with multimedia leaming tools to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.
Applied progressive teaching principkes to class of [30] students, improving standardized tests scores by [5]% in [60 min] period.
Created immersive activities and utilized [Instructional Programs] technology to enhance instruction.

Developed and maintained effective frameworks, standards and requirements.

Collaborated with project leaders and stakeholders to accomplish objectives.

Conducted [four] chsses each week focused on [Reading and Social Studies].

Combined discipline pln with effective measures and lesson plans to increase concentration, participation and progress student
Blea UL TS

Kept youth safe and secure at facility and in public.

Coordinated after school tutoring hours with other teachers to help students in need of extra attention.

lO) astimneReedtipanceRne elect epee hence

Developed and implemented interesting and interactive keaming media to increase student understanding of course mnterials.
Provided feedback on individual actions, behaviors and verbal responses.

Created and enforced child-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive learning,

Provided continuous evaluation of program operations as compared with established mission and set paranvters.

Supported departrental program development, curriculum planning and committees with subject matter expertise and solid educational
background.

Maintained ethical standards and status as role model to students by adhering to professional ethics at all times when presenting lessons and
Sara eA RSU Clete oe

Maintained strong knowledge and memory of important history dates, locations and events.

Trained, mentored and supervised 2] student teachers assisted with grading, administering tests and [Classroom and Lesson plans}.

History Teacher , 08/2002 to 07/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Fifth grade social studies teacher at Thunderbolt Elementary Marine Science Academy.

OTe aera Nesey

PMc ncl rca Ber cnckint ane ecirosgecn ica reacts omer omer ces Uae Ralvogoneclproace
Charged with Promoting in students an appreciation of American ideals and cultural heritage, motivate students to a understand and exercise
his/her rights, privileges, and responsibilities as a citizen.

Developed kesson plans to teach course materials according to schedule.

Performed student background reviews to ascertain leaming deficiencies and strengths to develop tailored kessons based on student needs.
Combined discipline pln with effective measures and lesson plans to increase concentration, participation and progress student

Blea UL TS

Maintained ethical standards and status as role model to students by adhering to professional ethics at all times when presenting lessons and
Sara eA RSU Clete oe

Taught [Social Studies] to diverse chss of [30] students.

Maintained strong knowledge and memory of important history dates, locations and events.

lO) astimneReedtipanceRne elect epee hence

Achieved score of [200% on state reading test.

Created and enforced child-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive learning,

Compiled and produced documents, reports and filed, copied or faxed required papers to appropriate parties.

Conduct{ 4] classes each week focused on [Social Studies].

Provided feedback on individual actions, behaviors and verbal responses.

Employed (Culturally responsive educational] techniques to encourage student karning and build community within chssroom

Led groups of youth in discovery exercises and offered personalized support to individuals in need of extra assistance.

Impkrented student discipline measures, decreasing classroom distuptions by (25]%.
