PNA VUNG MDD N@)SIEIS

[Oouw reels

Tam boking into changing careers and establishing a career. A I have had a wide variety of jobs including summer camp counselor, fitness
instructor, visitation specialist, child care, delivery driving, coach, and disaster specialist. A I am looking for a full-time position.

Core Qualifications

ron Career tomar omte neared aniineiceey aun ne see eliee Lay
ri A © can type 40 wpm

Se gn ec strong work ethic

* ckan MVR * demonstrated ability to inspire and motivate othersA
Education and Training 7
PhD. : Homeland Security Policy and Coordination Walden University is City , State I finished all course work. A Need to do two residencies
PIB iicmeeeccarcl lenin
vb
Master of Arts : Homeland Security American Military University 14 City , State GPA: 3.0
2009
Bachelor of Science : Liberal Studies Jowa State University 1% City , State A Member of the ISU Flying Cyclones
Accomplishments

Child Care: I researched and eared a grant that allowed the child care to buy more healthy alternatives to teaching the children about being
healthy such as being able to plant a garden and using the food from that garden to provide lunch, and to buy physical education equipment.
Disaster services: I have been able to recruit and train vohnteers to respond to national level of disasters. A I used time management to oversee
volunteers in 18 counties, while being able to dispatch volunteers across the state to respond to local disasters

ae

ae

Aug oanan at acs

03/2016 to 05/2016

Assistant teacher Company Narne i City , State

Care for chikdren in institutional setting, such as group homes, nursery schook, private businesses, or schools for the handicapped.
* Communicate with chikdren's parents or guardians about daily activities, behaviors, and related issues.

Discipline chiddren and recommend or initiate other measures to control behavior, such as caring for own clothing and picking up toys and
books.

Dress children and change diapers.

Identify signs of emotional or developmental problems in children and bring them to parents’ or guardians’ attention.

Instruct children in health and personal habits, such as eating, resting, and toilet habits.

Keep records on individual children, including daily observations and information about activities, meals served, and medications
Btlpnnnsia tees

WEI aha ecolem yah aet hire ne etm

Observe and monitor chikiren's play activities.

Organize and store toys and mterials to ensure order in activity areas.

ZO riicLanl renee bias emia Cen ecayc) eemrrsiiinumsad moe yore 0 inom

Perform housekeeping duties, such as laundry, cleaning, dish washing, and changing of linens.

Read to children and teach them simple painting, drawing, handicrafts, and songs.

Sanitize toys and play equipment.

Si ementieenelemitrcedd fais ni cimarnnonunarecancinliee cel races neboci weno las lg sce

07/2015 to 02/2016
Doi ose Diam Gur sctiehclert AON mmr

© Drive vehicles with capacities under three tons to transport materials to and from specified destinations, such as railroad stations, plants,
feo tabaci ceo mMUNIB eSBs BisnCtce

Inspect and nnintain vehicle supplies and equipment, such as gas, oil, water, tires, lights, or brakes, to ensure that vehicks are in
Peco uc ROE Cee eer eho m

Load and unload trucks, vans, or automobiks.

Obey traffic laws and follow established traffic and transportation procedures.

Present bills and receipts and collect payments for goods delivered or loaded.

Read maps and follow written or verbal geographic directions.

Report any mechanical problems encountered with vehicks.

Tum in receipts and money received from deliveries.

Verify the contents of inventory loads against shipping papers.

08/2014 to 02/2016

CLUB 66 before and after school teacher Company Name #4 City , State A A Arrange indoor and outdoor space to facilitate creative play,
motor-skill activities, and safety. 46¢A Attend staff meetings, and serve on committees as required. 4€¢A Attend professional meetings,
educational conferences, and teacher training workshops to maintain and improve professional competence. 4€¢A Attend to children's basic
