WUT NOSIE4
Summary
espa as) pou a podbel oie Kee bom local aeeen nunc elicuenercicl oct MUR Ita coniekornatcneemsyellct Rye

Peso eren i carom eel CR MLa een neo a ciecttoretorleinebvor\orlkoisllonucmM tclonamnlRonnaranecs cant ite
children's individual and colkctive kaming needs.

Core Qualifications
Ex eolagescacuenistiaasrass

5 F ; ¢ Differentiated instruction
eee c Leese ioe i eeadecn ie tae eae en

e hing/leaming © Behavior modification

saint ¢ Behavioral/cognitive skills development
Wane raTreer ces ancy © Goal Setting and Implementation
CPR certification
Achievements

eRe LEN
* Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas. (30 day reviews & annual IEP)
pe eT IL aa ae

* Employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of study skils, social skills and test
taking skils.

Lesson Panning:
¢ Introduced new kaming methods to ensure total comprehension for all students .

Professional Experience
Micro ee AU eR Orican a Qe nahi ek ON AEH

Assists in planning, developing and revising curriculum to improve vocationaVeducational and commumity awareness skills of children and
adolescents with developmental and behavioral disabilities,

Phan, implement, and evaluate structured educational prograns.

Oe Puee eR BPA cureuei anus Meee ire cna

Obtain, prepare, and organize instructional material.

Prepare kessons and teach specified content.

isiibsesieeanep ecu cal lymemubsiial Burt ace

I erguclccn eB yalancesicnelotmiestn cies) aim

Teacher Assistant 03/2001 to 12/2003 Company Nan City , State

Assists in planning, developing and revising curriculum to improve vocationaVeducational and commumity awareness skills of children and
adokscents with developmental and behavioral disabilities.

ScEe pr Reds om clabom ene nn nna cc nn eb ee ORNL clunmee alee dnorsn rec |
needs of assigned students.

© Obtain, prepare, and organize instructional materials.

© Prepare lessons and teach specified content.

© Instruct students individually or in small groups.

¢ Assists in the preparation/impkeentation of IEP goals.

Residential Counselor 11/2001 to 02/2002 Company Name City , State

* Provide therapeutic recreation and guidance counseling for chikdren with a wide range of psychiatric and emotional disorders, developmental
disabilities and/or neurological impairments.

© Interact with clients ona daily basis in order to assist clients to achieve treatment goals, cam responsibility points and maintain their levels.

¢ Work closely with Supervisor and Coworkers in scheduling structured activities for clients to successfully interact with one another as well
as with their Staff Teachers and Parents.

¢ Being able to run meetings, pertaining to subjects which aide in behavior management, behavior modification, anger management, peer
ppesralcen bance 16 61m

Office Manager 10/1999 to 11/2001 Company Nane City, State

¢ Responsibk for day to day operations ofa small office including tracking for accounting (Peachtree), sales leads fulfillment, shipping,
receiving, invoicing and other Administrative duties.
