ENGINEERING TEACHER
Professional Summary
To obtain a challenging position in the field of Engineering and to work within a team environnent, where I can contribute my skills and experience
to.aclient focused, dynamic organization.
Core Qualifications

CMe crs muro OrND)
Computer proficient
Microsoft Office
Autodesk Civil 3D
oS
[Xv surelemenneesun anid
1S NOs Bcsiui)
Pte Minivan em ace)
PU ees a ayia

Cr

Experience
Engineering Teacher 09/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Update lesson plans each semester to stay relevant in the fick of engineering and technology.

Utilize variety of teaching styles, such as group discussions, lectures and simulations to maximize student interest, participation, and
comprehension.

Integrate creative kaming strategies for students who are eaming engineering design project presentations.

Provide students with hands-on CAD software activities and an overall concept of engineering and technology.

Assist in two robotic clubs for students who wish to excel in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics projects.

Attend a variety of ongoing professional development workshops centered on keaming goals.

Some Ne Rat ied Mt One TCC CR Perma ae bebe natinceConuneayiezeace mete

Civil CAD Supervisor 10/2013 to 09/2014 Company Name City , State

Provided hands on software training for each CAD drafter to utilize the latest version of Autodesk Civil 3D,

Supervised the CAD drafting department with design projects to ensure quality control and manage production.

Coordinated with professional engineers, surveyors, inspectors, consultants and construction managers concerning active projects.

Ensured all assign work to be completed ina timely manner and attended project management meetings to focus proactively on the scope or
work for each project.

Adjunct Instructor 08/2013 to Current Company Nanr City , State

* Teach students the basic understanding of blueprint reading and sketching for welding and machining math,

CRB ol err obers cn enenkel (convene ccoiy sais

Se eR ee deuce S oem OMe None Rarcnetenleon i Ober cnn nomenon It 6h

© Utilize successfill kaming strategies that promote student engagement.

¢ Fostered a chssroom environment conducive to their kaming ability and promoting excellent student/teacher interaction.

Program Chair 10/2010 to 10/2012 Company Nane City , State

Served as a subject matter expert for students, instructional staffand advisory committees regarding academic curriculum and technical
piles oe

Notified the Dean conceming student engagement and retention issues.

Assisted the Dean in determining classroom equipments for capital budgeting,

Analysis student course planning reviews and class scheduks for cach faculty member.

Developed and implemented student retention strategies.

Oversaw training and supervision for faculty performance.

MO eR Boa asec Cmca rec Lire mn Car anuemran gerne Lente

ibd aces breech BreMcon meee ces ec tncm

Motivated students to actively participate in all aspects of educational process.

AV Ghaibheee cee neniciunn aicnorse hoe) ccm

Setup and maintained grade book throughout each course.

Provided weekly feedback to students with grade reports and attendance reports.

Documented the high risk student with advisories and recorded in the school's academic database.

Cr

Civil Project Engineer 05/2005 to 09/2010 Company Name City , State

¢ Planned and scheduled subdivision plats with the city and county planning and zoning commission meetings for approval and city pre-
OSnrat i ediies OmeeISuEaLen ey cehaiy

CMe ehislceBoeloucmunuko Crs Col ancm en Cucmor at KMr Ine but) rer tnane coe

¢ Performed field evaluations with contractors and city inspectors to review construction for compliance with design intent.
