Byes Ice
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Professional Summary

To mnintain a Jong term position ina cohesive, diverse environment, that promotes a professional environment and values employees and families.
To obtain a teaching opportunity in grade levels EC - 4th grade.

Core Qualifications
¢ Skills Used
© Speakingmath planning leading, computer skills,communication with staff parents and students.
* Accounts Receivable Clerk
© The SALT Group - Kerrville, TX - August 2012 to August 2014
© Responsibilities
« Accounts Receivabk collection calls, answering questions for new customers, maintain a good relationship with clients,
© problemsolving for clients in difficult situations.
® obtain a weekly goal for set amount of monies
* coming in to company each week.
© Microsoft word, Microsoft Works, Excel, Intemet Research, Powerpoint.
schivor anes

Teacher 08/2015 - Current Company Name City , State

* Teaching all subjects to High School and Junior High,Coach for PE.
« Lesson pinning, grades, reports.

Kindergarten Teacher 01/2014 - Current Company Name City , State

CRUEL B since
© day Reading, Social Studies, Science Writing Accomplishments I have had several students that have had many challenges to overcome
before moving on to Ist grade, I have assisted in making the obstacles become Iess and prepare them to be great next year.

Daycare, Lead Teacher 06/2010 - Current Company Name City , State

* Teaching 2,3,4 year old age group.

© Math, writing, letter and number recognition, listening skills, color recognition.

© Preparing the 4 year okl age group for kinder, and the 2 and 3 year old age group was carly scaffolding techniques to buikd knowledge and
ability to grow the whole child through play, classroom activities and center activities as well as one on one time and whole group kaming,
Accomplishments The level of preparedness in my classroom would allow for the children in the school years to be very successfill

I built up their strengths and used activities to help them with their weaknesses.

GER reser ine iecene al RW Ucp enim Nciaressl lect benlyere scicosel

I taught by exampk, using modeling skills and allowed the chikren to express their ideas and thought process in the classroom by

COT art sy ot

Which also let the children accomplish the selfrespect and selfaccomplishment they needed in life.

Accounts Recievable 06/2012 - 06/2014 Company Name City , State

Customer Service, computer Data entry, making and receiving collection calls from clients. Completing reports daily. Compkting set goal of
monies brought in to company on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis.

brairestbeny
2010 Bachelor of Arts : Schreiner University - Education City , State
Accomplishments

My clients felt comfortable speaking with me and they knew I would follow through to the best of my ability and my level of authority.

T have a personal goal, the day is not done until the items to be done are compkte.

Skills Used Microsoft Word, Works, EXcel, customer service, filing, data input, answering phone, researching for answers to questions.
2011 A2012 AA Chik's Leaming Place Cooperative Teacher A 3 and 4 year old children and Kinder Ready for summer day camp A
Child's Leaming Phe - Kerrville, TX - 2011 to 2012 Responsibilities 3 and 4 year old children and Kinder Ready for summer day camp
Student teaching and observation of staf 2nd grade level Tally Elerentary - March 2010 to May 2010 Used various methods and
strategies to create a positive keaming enviromrent ina selfcontained chssroom

Special Service Associate The Kerrville Home Depot, Special Services - Kerrville, TX - March 2007 to January 2010 Student Teaching
Tally Elementary Spring Semester - Schreiner University Reading Academy - Kerrville, TX - March 2008 to May 2008 I taught ina self
contained 2nd grade classroom containing 21 students.

The courses taught were reading, nth, grammar, social studies, and science.

The chssroom was set up to create a positive, interactive, and creative leaming enviromment.

I worked with students in whole group and small group situations.

T assisted students and provided guidance during individual practice for daily lessons.
