TEACHER

Summary

Kind and compassionate Elementary and Middle School Teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all
Banc

schivor anes

02/2016 to Current

Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

* 5th Grade STEM; K, Ist, 2nd, 3rd Grade Horizon Science; Library Grades Pre-K - Observed and assessed student performance and
kept thorough records of progress.

Impkmented a variety of teaching methods such as discussions and demonstrations.

Utilized technology during lessons (e.g SMARTboard), to create interactive kaming experiences and target visual learners.
Set and communicated ground rules for the chssroom based on respect and personal responsibility.

Kept student motivated, focused and excited to leam by utilizing hands-on activities that relate to real-world experiences.
Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on chikren's academic performance.
Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and schoo! administrators.

Collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement.

Created lesson plans in accordance with Common Core and Science Scope and Sequence Standards.

Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.

Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

Created hands on activities for students to gain a better understanding of the lesson and teaching point.

Mee ccEsiaeu leben tober ues oR Urentece ka dceine neta

Orchestrated Open Access Library every Tuesday after school.

Maintained library and library duties.

Created and ordered books for school library and classroom teachers from school budget.

09/2013 to 06/2016
Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

© 2nd, 4th(Science), 5th(Science, Math and ELA), 6th(Math), 7th(Math and ELA), 8th (Math) Implemented and taught lessons based on the
(Or renee Nc nnn nice PS WM ULM oe] RN thabemelne noe cram

Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.

Used the positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.

Provided one on one assistance to those students who needed extra support.

Worked with fellow employees on Iesson strategies, fimd raisers, and school assemblies.

Enployed effective reading lessons using the five pillars of reading: vocabulary, comprehension, phonemic awareness, fluency, and phonies.
Impknented effective chssroom management strategies.

Mee ccEsiaeu leben tober ues oR Urentece ka dceine neta

Successfil at keeping communication with parents/guardians, by keeping a friendly manner, and being open to any questions or concems.
Improved students’ reading levels through guided reading groups and whole group instruction.

Worked with fellow teachers to discuss lesson strategies that would most benefit students.

Reflected on teaching practice to improve teaching techniques and continue to become a better educator.

Accepted coaching from fellow teachers and administrators and immediately incorporated feedback.

DO ee Ke niche iorltnem Oh Ca lerremoiiocmemiec eum lCMUCTeredMine genet ecm

Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.

Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.

Served on various committees and projects including Veteran's Day, Thanksgiving Food Drive, and Volleyball Club.

Education and Training

January 2013

BACHELOR OF ARTS College of Staten Island 1% State

MASTER OF SCIENCE : SPECIAL EDUCATION Touro College i'4 City , State SPECIAL EDUCATION

Certifications

New York State Teaching Certificate in General and Differentiated instruction specialist Special Childhood Education (1-6) Organizational
development knowledge Students with Disabilities Test - Passed Licensed Pending Curriculum development Lesson planning expertise Flexible
Bleetenle tite

Skills

academic, budget, coaching, conferences, Curriculum developrrent, educator, instruction, Lesson planning, kesson plans, Math, Access,
Organizational development, problem solving, progress, reading, teacher, Teaching
