LEAD TEACHER
Summary

Solid background in special needs and early childhood education, with strong emphasis in children's development. Consistently exceed teaching
goals and parents expectations. Experienced in assessing and evaluating individual needs to provide an enhanced kaming experience. Skilled in
developing and implementing strategies and procedures. Enthusiastic teacher who has earned trust and respect from students, colleagues and
administration for 12+ years.

Core Qualifications
¢ Excellent chssroom management
Active participation in [groups, plans, events]
Teaching, tutoring and counseling
Experience working special needs students
Effectively work with parents
Interactive teaching/leaming
Innovative lesson planning
Chssroom management
Effective listening
CPRFirst-aid certified
Goal Setting and Implementation

Po area ty
Team Building and Leadership

¢ Created collaborative classroom experience through [process, initiative].
Lesson Planning:

¢ Introduced new kaming methods to ensure total comprehension for all students.
Developed new keamning center for reading assistance. Education Strategies A

© Employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the developrrent of sensory/perceptua-motor skill,
language, cognition, and memory.

eee vane

© Planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided students with
opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.

Parent Communication A
* Regularly met with parents to discuss student issues and course weakness areas.
Creative Lesson Planning A

* Motivated students to engage with course mnterials for History of WWII course by organizing a war veteran to come to class to speak
about his personal experience.

Professional Experience
Lead Teacher Aug 2013 to Jun 2015
Company Name i City , State

Manage chikdren portfolio and progress using Teaching Strategies Gold Plan and execute daily lessons.
Make in-home student referrals

Maintain the comfort, safety and educational demeanor of the chssroom environment.

Supervise one assistant teacher's in the classroom.

OaeiremlleosloR on @aclral imieencalenicl tm

SSG Dales Mlectestus Cate omy elcesresiCRel acces sect ct

Head Teacher Jan 2003 to Aug 2013
Company Name i City , State

© Evalute and test students for appropriate class placerrent.
* Translate CPSE evaluations to non-English speaking parents.
¢ Colkborate with school administrators and parents to develop student program plans to ensure successful outcomes.
