TEACHER

bUrefereial bs}

EXCEPTIONAL SPECIAL EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL SEEKING DIRECTOR POSITION Passionate educator who strongly believes
that all students can achieve excellence. Goal oriented scholar with excellent communication skils and proven ability in making comections and

oT hier Meee ee pmoena Malm lcm llaruaneag climes CRs rilemesciilcl Lene ana OR Symes Ret stneck poh tes
of the visually impaired community who is currently underserved. Areas of Excellence: business/human resource management * special education
laws * data analysis interviewing & staffing * RTI/MSDI * schoolwide PBS instruction & pling * employee development * IDEA compliance
budgeting * instructional coaching * progress monitoring scheduling * PD Facilitator * documentation

Skills

A Snes isn
Teacher 08/2017 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

Collaborate with professional staff to create comprehensive youth team goals and advocate for the needs of students with visual

sa ecb

Work with a team of low-vision specialists in organizing extracurricular youth activities and providing vision rehabilitation services.

Pca lane Pele MeCE Ne nae OR I ECeITCCHCM CTpyines eae «Bate Ce

Active participant of IEP teams to set and implement goals, monitor progress, set next steps, and maintain accurate and compkete service
renown

Encourage students with special academic and extracurricular interests to fully pursue passions.

Diligently compkting coursework to add-on certification for Teacher of the Visually Impaired (TVD, and pursue professional development
continually by attending educational conferences and teacher training workshops.

Tee on ev ca uence eoce cea nee ceca Ako cos len ibe BRL LA cee BicU lp cOE NB colutiyea
job exploration counseling, self-advocacy, and post-secondary educational opportunities.A

Special Education Coordinator 07/2016 to 12/2016
Company Name a€“ City , State

AT iccd le rome ncn cocenmneceen yi dbem tam eeul neces OMmUlelneor sl icmvekeerta ie yauat
education staff to promote optimal, specialized instruction and planning,

Served as liaison with State Officials and related community based organizations.

Met with parents and related personnel to resolve conflicts and concems.

Facilitated professional development sessions to address front-line issues with both special education and general education teachers.
Propelled inclusive best practices through partnership with school leadership teams and by providing expert knowledge to improve overall
student programs and services.

Maintained special education resources and schedules to target the needs ofall students with disabilities.A

© Created and chaired the Special Education/Behavior Intervention Committee that collaboratively brainstoned and monitored behavior

PtMontLectee eons Led Qiduch emis eicmicla ccc Bhormh amie oni nuranagrucncmneReere a cemynniienelbeny
Determination Review (MDR) procedures.

Interviewed and staffed a fully finctionmg special education team of teachers and paraprofessionals.

Initiated and developed a much needed traditional resource classroom to provide the lowest performing students an avenue to achieve
academic growth, which in tum decreased behavior incidences across the board.

Mentor Teacher 08/2004 to 06/2016
Cen entail ome Oh Names

Observed, evaluated, and coached many first year special education teachers on best practices of effective chssroom management,
beShratenmstnepe latino

Taught new teachers many ways to differentiate instruction such as implementing student centers and shared keaming activities, forming
ora mod cM nee erid cuir sume emcee ccc oe Rune br sirat ety

Assisted them in executing an effective behavioral model suited for their particular chssroom and numerous ways to organize their physical
Sites

Notable Achievements: Chosen by LAE to be a Trainer of New Teachers in their facilitator program Compkted the Aspiring Leaders
Program with the School Leadership Center of Greater New Orleans Coached teachers on de-escalation and restorative practices thus
rind eececke ur aremianynanana

Special Education Teacher 01/2004 to 01/2016
Company Name a€“ City , State
Resource and Inclusion Teacher Company Name 4€“ City , State

Created a rigorous, specialized academic setting for students with various exceptionalities in a both the special education resource roomand
mainstream chssroom settings utilizing data driven teaching methods.

Improved each student's finctional needs, knowledge and behavior to meet the goals of their Individualized Education Plan (IEP) and
conducted mini-workshops for all students who needed supplementary instruction.

¢ Colkboratively taught entire regular and special education classes with multiple co-teachers.
© Maintained docunentation, data, and progress monitoring.
