TEACHER
Summary

Dedicated teaching and counseling educator with 17 of experience.

Ec igen @ one OR iecc cms iCanl arene eLeLN icy A that were new to the country as wellas helped and supported themas
they A assimilated to the US school system and culture.A I have also successfilly implemented an IB and a regular Spanish curriculum to Middle
and High School students with different levels of language proficiency.

PTR no Mm Ore ire crore Wie cace il vad Ucn ene Uilucla esc anas bi OU NOE Orin ccd and Student Assistance
Progrars, administered TELPAS Online Assessments and collaborated with other educators as a TELPAS trainer.A

Core Qualifications
* MA Education © High School Spanish endorsement
© Counseling Certification Cesar petoscr cnt
PMO ccn sons ee arencNece renee nan Cec ecter ec) SmamCMe exons eninntictn no.
Professional Experience
January 1999 to July 2014

Company Name City , State Teacher

© 6th grade Spanish: Developed and implemented IB curriculum

© Fostered citizenship, open mindedness, and a safe classroom enviroment so that students felt comfortable taking academic risks.

© Assisted with the implementation of A the Olweus Bullying Prevention Program

¢ 5th grade: Developed and implemented Sth grade curriculum to students who were new to the US school system and spoke a language
other than English. Served in the LPAC Committee for the District's US new comers.

* Kindergarten: Developed and implemented lessons for a LEP population of students.

January 1999 to July 2014
Company Name City , State Teacher

COU euceCR ce DLenccetnemirs) ceruaccen skeen cenery

© Fostered citizenship, open mindedness, and a safe classroom enviroment so that students felt comfortable taking academic risks.

© Assisted with the implementation of A the Olweus Bullying Prevention Program

© 5th grade: Developed and implemented Sth grade curriculum to students who were new to the US school system and spoke a ngage
other than English.

* Kindergarten: Developed and implemented lessons for a LEP population of students.

Fue ee ce COrA te Bele
Company Name City , State Teacher

Cea ca aval B)
© Kindergarten: Developed and implemented lessons for a LEP population of students in an under developed area.
Pe id errenctereelielte roe Omni tenilecrcn

Education and Training

PAu)

University of Texas pan American

City , State Guidance and Counseling

1996

University of Texas pan American

City , State Psychology

Botan o me) Wana)

Certifications

2002 Texas School Counselor (grades PK-12)
2004 Secondary Spanish (grades 6-12)
1998 Bilingual/ESL- Spanish (grades PK-6)
Skills

A Counselor, acaderric, native Spanish speaker, Leadership, Workshops, goal setting and impkerrentation, effectively work with parents, time
istesyea seta
