TEACHER

Summary

Committed and highly dedicated professional with over fifteen years of extensive experience teaching, counseling, and mentoring people from
diverse backgrounds. Experienced in planning and implementing intervention plans. Possessing excellent diagnostic, behavioral intervention, and
eersne orl bree iie eee ¢lom

Highlights
© Flexible and adaptive
© School Writing Departrent Chair (Current) © Experienced in differentiated
Pees UEC eRe kOe Gnsvci] instruction
© Over 10 years experience within single and traditional urban public schools educational arena ==» ~Calmunder pressure
© Comprehensive understanding and strategic in teaching Georgia Milestone constructive * Critical thinker
responses © Excellent speaker and Presenter

Accomplishments

CEB GorcceBreleictelber ln eRlreccR Wii LD Oe A MECC aOR ee cmconew celia nun ace Ghee etc cectiiegeny
the English Language Arts 2014-2015 C.R.C.T. exam.

Led 2014-2015 E.I.P. homeroom to a 100% meet or exceed passing rate on the C.R.C.T Reading,

Improved Sth grade writing test scores at Hutchinson Ekementary resulting to a 95% passing percentage on the Georgia Writing test for
2013-2014.

© Designed and conducted school wide workshops on Common Core Standards and their potential impact upon Georgia education.

* Created and presented parenting workshops on various topics, including parent participation and motivating unmotivated students.

¢ Developed community based male mentoring programs including Project LO.N.G and "Our Squad".

schivor anes
Teacher
REA OM eRG Tara a@ere clan iti cht AON mECT| Ce

* Instructed sixty 5th grade students in the areas of Reading and Language Arts.

© Created and Supervised implementation of school wide writing plan for 2014 - 2015.

© Designed and implemented creative unit and lesson plans, aligned with the national Common Core standards.

« Analyzed and utilized student data results to both prepare and modify mstruction and assessments.

© Incorporated technology using the Promethean and Study Island software to enhance student leaming and achievement.
© Conducted school wide workshops on Common Core Standards and their potential impact upon Georgia education.

Teacher
RES AUR Ran mA eRe lian clea LON mEST l(c

* Instructed schools only single gender all male (4th) grade class in all subject areas.

¢ Analyzed and utilized student data results to drive instruction to achieve optimum student performance.

© Developed a creative chssroom management system (including, the "Mr.C’s Bucks" points), creating a environment conducive to teammvork
Bebra OME Unietelouce ies heaeeilecd eer hee na aaclce

© Created and implemented a character education curriculum within daily instructional best practices.

© Expanded the range of leaming through the use of whole chss, individual and cooperative educational instructional techniques.

Teacher
January 2007 to January 2008 Company Name i City , State

Designed and instructed only single gender male (4th) grade class in Mathematics and Reading.

Integrated differentiated teaching styles to effectively address different kaming modalities.

Impkmented technology in all classes and subject areas using Promethean Board instructional software.

Impkmented behavior modifications through the incorporation of character education inclusion as a motivator for improving student
conduct, participation, and academic achieverrent.

PXwloreBiveueg
January 2005 to January 2007 Company Name i City , State

© Supervised teacher evaluations and lead weekly administrative meeting with academy teachers Managed student suspensions and all
behavior incidents,

Created master schedules to align with single gender instruction.

Shared representative responsibilities in committee meetings.

Prepared curriculum, discipline, substitute, and student handbooks.

Coordinated administrative duties: media, guests, duty roster and buses.
