MEST NOS ICG
alg

Educator: People skills , enthusiastic, problenrsolve r, great organizational skills , encouraging, technology savvy, eager to leam, communicates
great with colleagues and parents, sets high and clear expectations for students, eager to teach, loves to teach students how to "love to learn’,
always looking for ways to grow as a person and educator

brairestbeny

LO Need Nos CMA Scie nniR a Ome cts eect De Ue RO hmm ol CMB e BOE ec}
California Baptist University 2006 Bachelor of Arts : Liberal Arts City , State , United States
Teaching Experience

Company Name Teacher

lena El CG

Long term substitute for fifth grade. Hired as a probationary teacher and taught second grade for two years. Became tenure and taught fifth grade
for one year. Trained as a trainer or trainees for the WRITE Institute. Grade level lead for one year. Promoted language development skills through
reading and storytelling Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.Assisted 10 children per station during small
group keaming periods during System 44 Instruction. Conducted small group and individual chssroom activities based on differentiated eaming
needs.Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons. Communicated effectively with educators from various grade levels.Supported
students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics. Wrote daily and weekly lesson plans. Tutored affer and
before school twice a week all four years.

Company Name Teacher
lena El CG

Taught second grade for one year. Promoted language development skills through reading and storytellmg. Applied the positive reinforcement
method to redirect negative behaviors.Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. Tutored
afler school twice a week. Organized field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos.Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and

kessons. Encouraged students to be understanding ofand helpfil to others.Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall
focus on the entire group.Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.Communicated effectively with
educators from various grade levels.Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics. Wrote daily
and weekly kesson plans. Conducted family-connection home projects.

Company Name Teacher
lena El CG

Fourth grade teacher for two years. Looped with my fourth graders from hast year and now teach fifth grade. Teach critical thinking and close
reading strategies through common core. Grade Ievel lead for two years. Meet with the RCD team and write the math units. Tutor affer school for
two years. Lead GATE students to writing our school newspaper. Apply the positive remforcement method to redirect negative
behaviors.Conduct small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated leaming needs.Observe students to supply teachers with
feedback regarding potential leaming blocks and opportunities for support. Encourage students to be understanding of and helpfill to others.Supply
one-or-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.Physically and verbally interact with students throughout
the day to keep them engaged.Commumicate effectively with educators from various grade kevels.Support students in developing strategies for
individual needs and classroom group dynamics. Write daily and weekly lesson plans. Implement programs to encourage student participation.
Communicate with parents on a weekly basis of student progress. Assess students monthly on STAR Reading and STAR Math. Give weekly
comprehension assessments, both oral and written. Incorporate technology in the classroom, ie iPads.

Hyrviecs el eDOulestrare

WRITE Institute. Get Ahead Writing. English Language Development. Common Core Math. Common Core Language Arts. Combination Chss
Sees

Leadership
© Grade kvel lead for three years. © Trainer of trainees for Common Core.
© Trainer of trainees for the WRITE Institute. © RCD unit writer at my current site.

Ollvowaeneeioirancs

Last year I was asked to administer the GATE after school program Together, the GATE identified students and I, created a school newspaper.
We named it the Jr Journal and invented five topics that would be in every issue. I helped create an outline and template that our reporters could
follow and eventually do independently. Each student chose a different topic every month and would either interview or research to write an article
Om iecout aM Mr MMO SRCCM ECR Ono tagliai@ BQH C Ratlam a iea Ae emiyecRibsiaiknl@ech Vaan Ls Latcenlad
template. Students would also have a chance to find graphics or take pictures that fit their topic. It tumed out great and we were abk to publish
four issues. This will be our second year. This was a great accomplishment for me as an educator, because I love to write and was in my school
newspaper in High School. I had the chance to share a passion of mine and see students enjoy coming in affer school and put their advanced
brains to work. It was such a great experience and can't wait to have that again this year.
