PRESCHOOL TEACHER

Professional Summary

Perce Ee lomUli oo ral ccm Patecicomsleocce ibramerbiecbolecs eli Ra luiiceNchutlicariincke keane Teaco’
ictcstee ncaa aes

Skills
cae Suis)
Cac
¢ MS Office CW SEO) ine
© Interpersonal Communication © Neat
© Planning and Coordination Ca taste carried
Cae Soto * Rapport
© Interpersonal Car cs
* Interpersonal Communication ¢ Saks
© Customer relations * Selling
* Customer satisfaction © Teaching
Cae dha
Ce ireesiy
Work History
SUA R@tavans

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Put final products together and efficiently organized items and packaging for shipment.

© Kept work areas organized, clean and free of hazards, promoting consistent productivity.
© Increased productivity by 15%.

CMW Eliriectke ohms bree hoe e cM Oeil eee an Ne Lee CaLat maleic

Preschool Teacher , 08/2019 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Indiana Math and Science Academy, educating children younger than 5 to help prepare them for school by teaching basic kamming concepts,
such as numbers, colors, and shapes as well as to develop their social, motor, and language skills.

© Identified chikiren in need of extra support for emotional, healt related, or developmental concerns and conceived improvement strategies.

© Impkmented hands-on, ply-based strategies such as games and crafts for experiential earning,

Wekore Desk Representative and Gate Attendant , 01/2019 to 12/2020
Company Name a€“ State

* Provided follow-through on all calls with confirmations and dissemination of requested information.

© Suggested various packages and amnnities to guests, helping each find perfect accommodations to fit personal needs.

© Answered incoming phone calls and developed friendly rapport with callers while answering questions, making recommendations, and
keading conversations to bookings.

¢ Managed over 50 customer calls per day.

Hospitality Desk Representative II , 01/2017 to 12/2020
Company Name a€“ State

© Developed and maintained positive customer relations and coordinated with team members to properly handle requests and questions.

* Coached sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives, and selling techniques, significantly increasing customer satisfaction
Pes(tinecd

© Managed over 50 customers per day.

Safe Sitter Instructor , 12/2016 to 12/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Providing informative class to young teenagers to teach how to safely maintain a safe environment for babysitting, handling tough situations
as wellas leaming how to manage behavior.

© Increased positive performance from students in order to graduate the program

© Managed 12 per students per cass.

Child Care Aide and Kids Night Out Aid , 09/2013 to 12/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Encouraged child involverrent in classroom experiences and group interaction.
* Modeled appropriate activities and positive behavior management.

¢ Performed as a positive role model, promoting healthy interpersonal behaviors.
© Managed 20 students per room with another aide.
