TEACHER

Summary

My applied experience in elerentary level teaching combined with my B.A in History/Music as well Alt. Certification (K-5), makes me a worthy
contender for a teacher position at your school Utilizing my skills and expertise, I am eager to become a key member of your team As specified in
the enclosed resuny, | offer you the following attributes in order to contribute to your ongoing success: * Well versed in assisting children in build
social, cognitive, emotional, and physical skills. * Adept at providing a stimulating conducive classroom environment. * Special talent for utilizing
the highest quality teaching resources and classroom mnteriak. It is paramount that in order to become the best teacher, good interaction with the
students is essential - aside from imparting good knowledge. The expectation of what the students think and how they would think ina particular
state of affairs is equally important in my point of view. In addition, I apply an innovative teaching approach which includes the incorporation of
21st century skill sets that will prepare my students to compete with other students both nationally and internationally. Ofall my strengths, I take
extreme pride in the patience and dedication required to meet the needs of children from socially and culturally diverse backgrounds. My insight
not only comes from my years in the classroomas a teacher, but also from my years a pupil. Having lived abroad for many of my formative years,
as wellas some after college, I understand the delicate balance that is needed to make Jeaming inclusive to all CERTIFIED ELEMENTARY
SCHOOL TEACHER (Grades 1-5) Level 2 Teaching Certification (Louisiana) Dedicated elementary teacher with a passion for teaching, earning
and student success, while offering a proven track record of commended performance teaching in the elementary classroom, with an unwavering
commitrent to optimizing student and school success. Extensive background in serving the educational needs of culturally, racially, and socio-
economically diverse students in Title I schools. Flexible and creative educational proféssional with seven plus years teaching with a unique ability
to exphin complicated concepts in an easily understandable manner.

schivor anes

Company Name August 2015 to Current Teacher

lena El CG

© Impkmented diverse approaches to ensure understanding of course material and overall academic success.
« Analyzed student leaming and plan and administer a variety of appropriate assessments.

© Ensured effective and positive parent communication.

© Participate in on-going planning development and evaluation of curriculum

¢ Use a variety of instructional strategies to provide equity and excellence to students ofall ability levels.

© Work cooperatively with other teachers in developing and sharing curriculum strategies.

Company Name August 2010 to May 2015 Teacher
lena El CG

© 4th grade Math, ELA).

© Planned, impkmented, monitored and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with the Jackson Parish School
Board regulations and Louisiana Board of Education.

Worked with other teachers and administrators to evaluate and revise elementary school programs.

Encouraged students with special academic interests to fully pursue those subjects.

Planned, impkmented and thoroughly monitored 504 and Special Education accommodations for students with eaming exceptionalities.
Presented various techniques and strategies for delivery of chssroom instructions using manipulative and hands-on approaches in Math, and
Roan cem

Company Name August 2007 to July 2010 Teacher
lena El CG

© Worked with interdisciplinary team members to evaluate children's progress and recommend appropriate eaming plans.
* Monitored students' educational progress with individual charts and files.
© Nurtured a supportive leaming enviroment that was offen used as a model for other classrooms.

Company Name May 2008 to September 2008 Teacher

© Coordinated communications between students and school administration to create an effective and culturally-sensitive keaming environment.
© Developed and taught a curriculum to improve students' conversational abilities.
© Improved instruction methods by using a variety of assessment tools and strategies.

Education and Training

Grambling State University 2010 City , State , USA Elementary Education (1-5)

Louisiana Tech University 2007 Bachelor of Arts : History Music Education City , State , USA History Music Education

pinay

AFFILIATIONS Tau Beta Sigma, Sigma Alpha Iota, La Tech University Band, Southwest Region Hom Ensemble, 4-H Sponsor

Personal Information

As a passionate elementary school teacher, I would welcome the chance to meet with you to discuss how my education, expertise and capabilities
would be beneficial for your school. I can be reached at 318-243-9294 to set up a meeting time.

Additional Information

* Asa passiomate elementary school teacher, I would wekome the chance to meet with you to discuss how my education, expertise and
capabilities would be beneficial for your school. I can be reached at 318-243-9294 to set up a meeting tine.
© Eagk/DNC AFFILIATIONS Tau Beta Signn, Sigma Alpha Iota, La Tech University Band, Southwest Region Hom Enservble, 4-H
