SUBSTITUTE TEACHER
Summary
HEALTH ADMINISTRATION HOSPITAL OPERATIONS PUBLIC SERVICE major. An intelligent, enthusiastic young professional with a
progressive career in healthcare administration and looking for outstanding opportunities. Experience working in various industries and capabke of
applying distinct skills and strategies to achieve professional goals. Motivated and organized. Attention to Detail Administrative Support
Understanding of healthcare policy Patient Scheduling and Billing Knowledgeable of HIPPA Laws Records Keeping
Highlights

¢ A Highly proficient in all Microsoft Programs (Word, Excel,

PowerPoint, Outlook), with great attention to detail

OPM Olncmtechrrnicrcinrny nai eacrdnsd

© Effective verbal, listening and written communication skills, and Serratia kon

Pee cee ees sly ¢ A Teamoriented developed by my career as an athkte and
. . . collegiate athlete
© Motivated, passionate and organized, able to manage and compkte
multiple tasks and duties
schivor anes
Substitute teacher , 10/2015 to Current Company Narre 1% City , State After moving to Fort Lauderdale, FL I decided to continue my experience
Ptetrontere eb scre Ranta

Substitute Teacher , 08/2014 to 09/2015 Company Name i City , State

School district responsible for the administration of 51 public schools in Escambia County, Florida.

Grades K - 12 Fulltime substitute teacher for children ages 5 to 18.

Responsible for promoting an encouraging classroom enviroment.

Recognized for bringing my own dedication and passion to the role, which helped enhance the leaming experience for the students.
Practiced superior communication skills and received consistent, positive feedback.

Key Achievements: Repeatedly asked to return to Blue Angels Elementary in Pensacola, the Principk appreciated that I was reliable,
dependabk and trustworthy.

Veterinary Technician and Receptionist , 03/2014 to 08/2014 Company Name i City , State

© Extensive Veterinary Hospital with 10 Veterinarians providing treatment and care to animals within Escambia, Santa Rosa and Baldwin
counties.

Gathered excellent insight into exceptional customer service practices.

Assisted doctors with diagnosis, and communicated clearly with pet owners in order to determine the best approach to the animals health
elon pease

© Helped with the reception/front desk responsibilities including: scheduling appointrents, billmg, checkin and answering phone calls.

Key Achievements: Working under this well-structured environment and dealing with crucial situations has helped prepare me to handle
stressful and high-pressure work environments with calmness and confidence.

elomuas ucek Cre ee eeicale Ome Concee eRe acl Pec Ren niigks einem

Saks Associate , 01/2012 to 01/2013 Company Name 1% City , State

© Clothing retail chain store in the United States with over 560 stores across the country.

© Managed merchandise inventory.

* Bridged the gap between the designer and the consumer with first- rate knowledge of timely fashions.

© Built conscientious and successful merchandising techniques.

© Key Achieverents: Received awards for outstanding customer service and for benevolent attitude towards fellow associates.
¢ Lead store in sakes as well as customer feedback.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Applied Science : Healthcare Administration , Present Pensacola State College i4 City , State Healthcare Administration After
receiving my Associates of Arts I wanted to pursue a career in health administration with an emphasis on operation of hospitab. I have reached a
pivotal point inmy education, where I can now filly take all of my classes online. This will allow me more time to gain professional experience in the
healthcare industry. A position at a healthcare facility will help me achieve my goal of being a positive influence on the healthcare community.
Associates of Arts : General Education , 2014 Gulf Coast State College i City , State General Education

Personal Information

Buddy assisting special needs kids with playing athletic sports. * Professional references available upon request.

als

administrative support, schedulmg appointents, approach, Arts I, attention to detail, billing, communication skills, customer service, dependable,
diagnosis, inventory, listening, merchandising, all Microsoft, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, multi-tasking, providing treatment, problem
solving skills, receiving, reception, retail, sales, structured, teacher, phone, written communication skills

Additional Information

¢ AFFILIATIONS A: Volunteer for Miracle League, Pensacoh, FL ‘Buddy assisting special needs kids with plying athletic sports. *
