TEACHER
[Osheue Oona ang

Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 15 years client interface experience. Enthusiastic customer service/telesakes representative
with in-depth knowledge of sales, account management and training Results-driven Office Manger with proven ability to establish rapport with
VCR cI Ro aS as eto dea luem

Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.

Core Strengths
oe © Markdown/promotional procedures

: yeaa aaa © Store maintenance ability

© Seasoned in conflict resolution ° Inventory control ie

¢ Sharp probkmsolver " Fa hone a pales capa

PREG iccoeskearrcii ey ° ian emaahin aaa

, Invoice processing
© Large caslcheck deposits expert ° r
ee ‘i pain ae ¢ Adaptive team phyer
aieaiae CERO) roninecdecicy neatly

Accomplishments

Customer Assistance A

© Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
ORD LEG LEE’

* Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
OO CM RUae

* Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales A

* Consistently generated additional revenue through skilked sales techniques.
Fee ae cee

* Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.
Customer Interface A

* Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
OP COO ia nentiamiimebeheb ocala ee net Let ncee DeMelei eLetclee Retake

Database Maintenance A
¢ Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members’ information.

Aug oanan at acs
Teacher 02/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

© Read stories to the children and taught them painting, drawing and crafts. Employed a variety of materials for children to explore and
manipulate in learning activities and imnginative play.Created an infant area, toddler area and preschool area of play within the
daycare.Carefilly monitored chikdren's play activities. Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each chikt's activities. Incorporated music
and art activities to encourage creativity and expression-Escorted children on outings and trips to local parks and zoos. Upheld all CPR and
Georgia regulated certifications..Offered stimulating curriculum that accommodated all earning styles.Led reading classes for preschool
aged children.Sparked creativity and imagination by helping chikiren discover new things each day. Identified early signs of emotional and
developmental problems in children and brought them to the parents’ attention. Communicated with chikdren's parents and guardians about
daily activities, behaviors and problems.Maintained developmentally appropriate environment Implemented positive discipline; followed
policy of waming, timeout, talk and parent check-in. Supervised circk time, free ply, outside play and leaming and developmental
activities. Encouraged early literacy through read-aloud time and alphabet games. Managed general housekeeping duties, including feeding,
diapering, resting, and cleanup. Built stable, consistent and positive environment for 1-5 .-year old children. 13 years chikicare experience.

Office Manager/Teacher 08/1995 to 11/2008 Company Name City , State

¢ Managed team of [number] of professionals. Managed team of 20 professionals. Reduced and controlled expenses by implementing the
Quick books program on the office computers. Initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer
