TEACHER
Profile

Tama highly qualified K-12 Vocal Music Teacher holding a BS in Music Education ftom Kansas State University and Sterling College. (1999) I
believe in building a solid foundation in the formtive years and helping students find many different ways to experience music. lead them to
develop passion in music and performance that leads them to continue in Music in Middle, High School and beyond. Providing multiple delivery
methods in teaching, assures each student will experience, leam and retain key music knowledge in they way that they kam best. Using Brain
Research Strategies, coupled with Multiple Intelligences, HOTS, and Explicit Instruction, I have found a way to teach students Music through all
Core areas, Music is a Universal Language. Regardless of gender or race, music looks the same on paper but is experienced in numerous ways
through Culture. I am passionate about teaching!

Areas of Expertise
ar 1. A eveeiemichincs
SI eens re ania ,
Gra i Customer Service Mamager
oases pail © Quality Control Specialist
© 4 Years MTSS Leadership Team, uence metas
Professional Experience
SPU ACOs

Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

Taught K-12 Vocal Music and 9-12 Band Assistant.

Responsible for two schook, one Elementary and one Middle and High School.

6-8 Vocal Colemn MS, K-8 Vocal Music Horace Mann Dual Language Magnet and K-S5 at Jackson Eem

At Cokmn MS ind a Choir of 85 7/8 students and a rotation of 6th Grade Students.

Taught General Music and also Choir and performed 3 concerts a year and assisted with Musicals.

Horace Mann, rebuilt a new Vocal Music Program from K-8th Grade.

Improved Choral Quality and built concert attendance from 40% to 98% in 1.5 Years.

Started a select performing group of 3-5Th Graders called Singing Ambassadors.

Served as Latchkey Co Director for 3 years and Latchkey Assistant Director for 1 year.

Worked ina Dual Language environment for the past 11 years and implemented Dual Language Strategies in my content area.

08/2001 to 07/2002
Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

Taught K-12 Vocal Music and restructured HS Music Curriculum
Responsible for Elementary at Windomand MS/HS at Little River
Was HS Band Assistant

PAU OR ony Az0¢) |
Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

© Taught six sections of cach grade level of Kinder through 2nd Grade Students.
CC ed muciireclrmra seinem ren crleieCance
* Accompanied for a select group of 3-5 Grades.

ee eR ont e0 U0
Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

CMA Vecl By iccemeare screens oe gee

© Taught Vocal Music to Kinder through 8 Grade.

© Took MS students to contest, and District Choir.

© Taught Beginning and Advance Band to MS students and took to contest and District Band.
© Taught 5-6 PE

05/1995 to 10/1996
Vice President of Hun Resources Company Name 14 City , State

© Hired all levels ofnew hires for the CU.

© Akso served as part of the management team

* Assisted in new accounts when needed.

© Provided all hospitality for visitors and Board meetings as well as special events.

© Worked closely with all people to maintain positive work environment and keep morale high.
* Assisted with comphints and provided customer service when needed.

01/1994 to 01/1995
