Byes Ice
Professional Summary

Savvy teacher with superb Problem Solving, SEO, Amalytics and Microsoft Office skills. Reliable, organized and personabk.

Core Qualifications
« Seo
* Microsoft Office Ctl bey
¢ Advanced Probkm Solving © Quick keamer
CREO ons oetced « Computer proficient
Ce Gneiclig ¢ Fik/records mintenance
COs numccsecrur ec Mame etnias) claw
© 58 WPM typing speed Car coneloeineneaniiae|
© Results-oriented
schivor anes

Teacher 12/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.

Qrreccnialgueeriemeciy ced Pl acrenbiiiced scat Reeelliucanracel commucetececs

Wrote daily and weekly Iesson plans.

Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.

Developed and implemented interesting and interactive keaming mediuns to increase student understanding of course materials.

Assisted four to six students per station during small group leaming periods Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, while maintaining
overall focus on the entire group.

ilciiecne CU AU CEO AU CEG cna Oval

* Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors
Observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential leaming blocks and opportunities for support Assisted four to six
students per station during small group learning periods Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, whik maintaining overall focus on
the entire group.

Substitute Teacher 09/2013 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

* Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.
© Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.

Pe Seen netic ane Oheecaintuelice crenL esse Onel vam

* Communicated effectively with educators fiom various grade levels.

Customer Solution Specialist 07/2012 to 06/2014 Company Name City , State

« Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and comphints in person and via phone.

© Educated customers on product and service offerings Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company
brand.

* Colkborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience

Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving appropriate feedback.

Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members.

Marked ckarance products with updated price tags.

Maintained knowledge of current promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.

Operated a cash register to process, cash, check and credit card transactions.

Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.

Teacher 05/2013 to 08/2013 Company Name City , State

CE yiceml Seo uiidailiocmatel@trelnecmencminoa eral Une Lalaly te

Kurrecesnalleumeheremrezela cask eo biMnyiLecw cece telicvt aces ectinepe ete

Wrote daily and weekly Iesson plans.

Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.

Developed and implemented interesting and interactive keaming mediuns to increase student understanding of course materials.

Server 07/2011 to 07/2012 Company Name City , State

CP wcor cep reneirenlerienenrnpratckacoice paaeccd ad
* Apportioned and served food to facility residents, employees, or patrons.
¢ Assisted diners with seating as needed.
