TEACHER
Summary

Kind, compassionate and highly motivated Teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students
Sy pl est aaniiem

Desire to inspire and motivate children toA achieve their absolute best.
atocbibushyetslianansnbalemcemneancprausCene bn accicn

Education

Bachelor of Arts : Childhood Education 1-6 2007 Brooklyn Colkege City , State Minor in Psychology.
Associate of Arts : Liberal Arts 2003 Nassau Community College City , State Liberal Arts
Experience

Teacher Current Company Name City , State

Ce ee ee ee

erreE Re couitononrentennra nae eines kato

Adapt and modify lessons to meet student's academic needs.A

Conduct a variety of activities for individual lessons, group projects, and moverrent time to firther enhance karing,A
Collaborate with other staff members to plan and scheduk lessons promoting kaming and student interests.

Organize activities that develop children's physical, emotional and social growth.

Redirect chikdren to encourage safe and positive behaviors in the chssroom.

Encourage curiosity, exploration and probkenr-solving with age-appropriate phytime activities.

Student Teacher 09/2006 to 02/2007 Company Name City , State

Compkted four months of teaching experience ina Ist grade classroom, collaborating wih a cooperating teacher and other staffmembers
to plan and schedule lessons that encourage eaming.

BHrantaRusnealentoce cia OR ean mioccae Linz ES ap ovon

Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress using running records, rubrics, student portfolios, and
teacher-mnade exarrs.

Created a student-based, constructivist environment where exploration, questioning, problem solving, accountable talk, and a love for
kaming were promoted.

Prepared ksson plans for each component of Balanced Literacy according to a new thematic unit every month.

Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and school administrators.

Dentist Office Manager 07/2002 to 09/2012 Company Name City , State

Led a team of 10 employees and was responsible for administering staff training and delegating duties for the practice.
ere re CCE yen NBL mCatTivem

Managed difficult or emotional patient situations and responded promptly to patient needs in pain and emergencies.
Motus bane evar nyc atane me meanc kelcecoe

Accurately collected and recorded patient medical and dental histories.

Mol ccE om elCRncTncauoebes moO vaconbiciiralere nibs conce pe cole ceM Aeon ica
Managed colkctions, claims and appeals with insurance companies.

Worked closely with insurance companies to ensure pre-approval, prior authorizations and that patient's visits were properly documented
and paid.

Maintained proper graphical and perio charting for the hygienist. A

Scheduled and maintained a calendar of appointments, meetings, and travel itineraries.

DSH rosb res nsuuntvct Ronee aimed a Tesi ecMMp once e Rares) Onueck ORI KiaNa

(@oiiesttens

e
.
ry
ry

Sal

First Aid CPR

Child Care Facility Rules & Regulations (FACR)

Identifying and Reporting Chikd Abuse and Neglect (CAAN)
School-Age Appropriate Practices (SAP)

Creative at Iesson planning and hands-on instruction.
Student Assessment.

COS ree noletean aa

FAA anise emeo ener Reni cBsa lee caiey
Outstanding communication skills.

Dependabk and detail orientated.

Excelent organizational skils.

Banc
