TEACHER
Summary
Anelenentary-school teacher with many years of success in teaching classes and developing children's keaming ability/agility, known for her
superior communication skills with children, parents and staff. A Desire to inspire and motivate chikiren to achieve their best. A Abk to inspire,
comfort and build selfesteem, while demonstrating sound work ethics, cultural sensitivity/diversity, flexibility and creativity. A Mature and
professional teacherA who adapts to new situations and technologies with ease. Adept at ksson planning and classroom management, Enthusiastic
teacherA with superb keadership and communication skills. Easily cultivates trusting and productive relationships with students, parents, teachers
and administration. Dedicated and student-focused teaching professional who is committed to providing a well-balanced, supportive, and engaging
keaming environment for all student. Dedicated educator committed to creating a cssroom atmosphere that is stimulating, encouraging and
supportive for all students.
Highlights

© Critical thinker

© Title I knowledge

Ce (a rev ecina « Mississippi Teaching Certificate with Elementary Education endorsement

* Leamingassessments ¢ Urban public schools background

Cae Beas © Standardized testing techniques

© Flexible and adaptive

© Calmunder pressure

Accomplishments

Named d€ccTeacher of the Yeara€ in 2009 .

schivor anes

Teacher 01/2009 to Current Company Name City , State

* Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress. Implemented a variety of teaching methods such as
kectures, discussions and demonstrations. Set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal
responsibility. Tutored children individually and in small groups to help them with difficult subjects. Taught after-school and summer
enrichment programs. Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children's academic performance.
Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and schoo! administrators. Employed a broad range of instructional
techniques to retain student interest and maximize leaming. Implemented remedial prograrrs for students requiring extra assistance. Took
appropriate disciplinary measures when students misbehaved. Improved students’ reading levels through guided reading groups and whole
group instruction. Accepted coaching fom fellow teachers and administrators and immediately incorporated feedback. Worked outside
norm hours to be available to answer parent and student questions. Used children's literature to teach and reinforce reading, writing,
grammar and phonics. Enhanced reading skills through the use of children's literature, reader’s theater and story time. Taught students in
various stages of cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional development. Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and
techniques during tests. Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill evel. Encouraged parents to take an active role in their
chikl's education. Employed a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently. Adapted
curriculum to fit student needs, provided individual and small-group instruction when necessary.

Developed kesson plans and chss material - Combined instruction with demonstration to clearly communicate objectives to chss.

Used a variety of chssroom strategies: lecture, group discussion, inquiry, discovery, and more.

Maintained pleasant leaming atmosphere in chss - Established and reinforced standards of behavior.

Kept progress notes and made reports; tracked academic and social development.

Assigned and graded homework and class work; prepared tests.

Taught interpersonal skills and resolved student problems by timely and sensitive conférral with parents/teachers/administration.

Bese om TANIA ORU AUER Ou inane Ol vam

© Planned, prepared and delivered instructional activities that create an environment where children are actively engaged in the learning
Orson anos

© Identified and adapted teaching resources in order to meet the varying needs of children with different leaming abilities, learning abilities and

special education needs.

Ooh ace O moles ere hViaatltcbleceraliinatkObnkaneTLecmeblned eileen cece

Maintained an accurate teaching record and monitored leaming performance to provide feedback on progress - Prepared and evaluated

Ricca kam ose uerale oR COR iy Cele peu Lecce

© Researched and utilized variety of leaming materials, resources and technology methods [such as: Internet-kearning, library, team earning] to

Rhomeee ecu eetperasccceetan cen trais

Advised and monitored children in the use of new leaming materials and teaching equipment.

Communicated cooperatively with peers, colleagues and parents to meet teaching goals and ethical standards.

Participated in training programs and educational courses to keep up to date with new teaching methods, new developments and teaching

Present cies

* Applied appropriate disciplinary measures when necessary.

Teacher- Intern 08/2006 to 12/2006 Company Name City , State

* Researched county curriculum guidelines to develop and implerrent long-term unit plans, daily assignments, and worksheets on art and
literature for seventh grade inclusion classes.
