elie e(encag
Summary

Focused on providing professional service and support to every office visitor. Diligent about scheduling appointrents, managing packages and
routing mil to recipients. Positive nature with excellent peopk skills.

Flexible hard worker ready to leam and contribute to team success.

als
* Behavior modelng © Troubleshooting
© Compliance © Individualized care
© Leadership © Multi-line telephone skills
© Teambuikding * Office equipment operations
© Work ethic CO enialemcsiicny
CY (itr ene © Meticulous and organized
© Active listening © Security understanding
schivor anes

Substitute Teacher | Company Name - City , State | 08/2015 - 03/2020

Enforced classroom routines to keep students on schedule and operating at consistent vel.

Impkmented lesson plans assigned by classroom teacher to educate students about key concepts.

Provided notes and reports on schoo! day activities to primary teacher.

Requested as substitute teacher based on excellent referrals and trusted performance.

Engaged students in discussions to promote interest and drive earning.

Educated students in various subjects to provide seamiess transition during absence of head teacher.

Maintained student attendance and assignment records to prevent lapses during teacher absences.

Differentiated classroom and smull group instruction to meet needs of students with various kearning styles and abilities.
Helped students build leaming and study skills to achieve educational goals.

Engaged students and boosted understanding of material using focused instructional strategies and hands-on activities.
Reported problem students to principal to maintain control of chssroom

Managed high school classrooms during teacher absences.

NTE ROHR RUU ra au el ealieraliinck ORiCline iin ccce Om eeceriveks vega ean ect ittcen (+l ocm
Oversaw pop quizzes, material exams and standardized tests to facilitate mstruction.

Assigned homework to students based on curricula and modified based on daily progress.

Promoted learning by leveraging traditional and modem instructional strategies.

Created lesson plans to address requirements of state curriculum

Led group sessions to reinforce concepts and applications of course content.

Assisted fellow teachers with assignment development, special projects, tests, adrrinistrative updates and grading.
Recorded attendance data to report to program managers.

Taught reading, language arts, mathermtics and other subjects utilizing course of study adopted by Board of Education.
Adninistered quizzes and tests and documented grades to support accurate record-keeping.

Taught students during teacher absences and kept up with lesson plans and student assignments.

STetiet som crdporeomncMnn@inelike acca ce ect he on ice

Ekrentary Computer Teacher | Company Name - City , State ] 08/1999 - 09/2002

Created tests and assignments to assess student knowledge of presented coursework and Iecture materials.
Facilitated computer lb sessions, supervising such tasks as penetration testing, coding and script creation.
Developed kectures addressing variety of computer science topics to engage and educate students.

Built and expanded knowledge of IT trends by attending professional events, including workshops, seminars and conferences.
Assisted students with developing thesis topics by offering suggestions and contacting appropriate research sources.
Instructed students on use of technology tools and equipment as well as methods for accessing information.

Set up and maintained classroom computers and equipment.

Provided instruction on professional technology use and web etiquette.

Devised project-based assignments to create opportunity for hands-on practice and skill building,

Scored student assignments to measure comprehension.

Attended seminars and workshops to discover latest advances in computer education.

Crafled educational, straightforward and visually appealing slideshow presentations to guide Iectures.

MGlis cee ere ce mualuceratueaiiencat Renee coraeaclipraderriecseiDerccec ecm

Receptionist | Company Name - City , State ] 08/1998 - 06/1999

Scheduled and confirmed appointrents.
Answered and directed incoming calls using multiline telephone system.
Delivered administrative support to team members, including making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging schedules.
