TEACHER
Rirerersag

Accomplished, experienced, well educated business minded career secker who takes great pride in establishing strong and lasting relationships
with co-workers, parents, students and other industry professionals. Extremely organized and self-driven.

Education
Graduate Teaching Licensure , Education May 21, 2010 The College of Saint Schohstica it City , State , US

Graduate course GPA: 3.58
Masters in Science degree status: in-process (Two courses outstanding)

Bachelor of Arts , Marketing Communications 1998 Metropolitan State University i%4 City , State , us

Marketing Communications

Highlights
Cs) Neb eeons nets Rin merase) A , 5
¢ Relationship development and maintenance abilities : ve wer Lsapsviasiaiael aaa
PRESHomataunlelns mun ontontrsnnietces Es dic ae Ferntree Tan eres
a Rata ak Sak * Exceptional attention to detail

Experience

Woo pom eu mA CRO Rene vand

Company Name 1" City , State
Various Elementary and Middle Schools A

Work autonomously as a leader and interact successfilly as a team member.

Foster relationships of trust and maintain confidentiality.

Initiate, facilitate, and moderate classroom discussions.

Engage and motivate learners by presenting information in a logical manner and revising as needed.
Conduct research using multiple source modalities

Phan, evaluate, and revise course material and methods of instruction to meet the needs ofall students.
Prepare course rmterials such as unit packets, unit activities, homework assignments, tests, quizzes, and various handouts.
Organize and maintain various accurate records.

Ta re Buca RUN CM COME em ce) cane Bec ere

Meet the needs of'a diverse population including students, parents, faculty and administration.
Assume responsibility for the safety and well-being ofa group of peopk.

Co ee ee ee ee

Site Leader - Summer Adventures (Summer position) Jun 2012 to Aug 2013
Company Name 1" City , State

Facilitate the daily operations of the program for the purpose of ensuring student and program success.

Supervises site program (attendance, behavior managerrent, curriculum, budget, student safety, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring success of
Tred yreurte eb rectrs npour bee tu ance

PARR elertne Raho eicoreeeini® em bed ty neck easing eieyucle Rh cece

NOE RE Selma ORI nM ROE RIS OM beam ey ecru eu cena MMU acme emerge est elise 6
peace

Monitors individual and/or groups of students ina variety of settings (cssroom, snack time, group or individual games, playground
activities, ficld trips, etc.) for the purpose of providing a safe and positive eaming environment.

.

Youth Program Assistant Mar 2009 to Jun 2012
Company Name 1" City , State

¢ Serve as lnison between CES and the school to promote program teaching opportunities to school staff, increase the number and the
So CA RU soul nnie lal arn Graccr uc arecte glue eset al) OAT coe

Partner with Youth Programs Coordinator (YPC), principal, and other school staff to assess youth and parent program needs.

Work with YPC in developing and implementing a plan for future opportunities.

Work with CES staffto effectively market CES programs and increase enrollment.

Monitor scheduled CES activities in assigned buildings and community locations. Ensure after school class safety procedures are being
followed. Respond to any safety or special concems as they arrive and provide Crisis Management/Response as needed, including First
Aid, CPR, AED, and evacuation,

¢ Promote a safe environment by following After School Class Safety Procedures.
