SUBSTITUTE TEACHER
schivor anes
Company Name - Substitute Teacher 01/2008 - Current

Orecall substitute for grades K-12.

© Substitute teacher in the Tillamook Schoo! systemas both a chssroom teacher and teacher's aide.

© Followed classroom phns left by class teacher to continue student education and reinforce core concepts.

* Kept students or-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies. Maintained day to day classroom
managerent to promote keaming.

Company Name - 4-H Program Assistant & Open Campus Assistant City , State 02/2009 - 10/2016

Supported educational programs through the delivery of program curricula, coordination of program elements or projects, assisting with the
assessment, design, implementation and evaluation.

© Recruit, supervise and retained vohmtteers.

© Organize and facilitate; day camps, after school programs, ovemight camps and fimdraiser’s. Including travel to National programs.

© Gathered data for annual reporting of program success, volunteer hours, personal time, yearly reports of accomplishments. Created a Plan
of Work annually. Used 4-H access and 4-H online.

© Promoted Extension and 4-H by Live radio interviews and Public service announcerrents, Civic group presentations; and daily interaction
with the public.

* Established relationships with key stakeholders in the commumity included Tillamook County Commissioners, business owners and non
profit managers and School District.

© Delivered polished and thorough lectures on topics such as teen sex-texting and generational differences.

Company Name - Community Outreach Coordinator 01/2007 - 01/2013
Actively supported local MOPS groups, on the Oregon Coast and Willamette Valley. Acted as a liaison between local groups and MOPS, INT.

© Skills used: self-direction, team player, trouble shooting, record keeping and problem solving; managerrent of volunteer base that ran groups
in the northwest region and promoted the MOPS agenda within the community.
© Developed presentations for public events, community groups and organizational assemblies.

Work History
Company Name - Substitute teacher 01/2008 - 01/2011

© Orrcall substitute for grades K-12.

Substitute teacher in the Tillamook Schoo! system as both a classroom teacher and as a teachers aide.

OSU Extension Service Tillamook County: 4-H Program Assistant 2; 2009 to October 2016; support educational programs through the

delivery of program curricul, coordination of program elerents or projects and assisting with the assessrrent, design, implerrentation and

Or Paley

Recruit, supervise and retain volunteers.

Organize and facilitate; day camps, after school programs, ovemight camps and fimdraiser’s.

Managed and oversaw fimdraiser’s and travel for National 4-H kadership conferences for local youth.

Gather data and report program success, volunteer hours, personal time and yearly reports of accomplishments.

Promote Extension and 4-H by Live radio interviews and Public service announcements, Civic group presentations; and daily interaction

with the public.

¢ Established relationships with key stakeholders in the commumity included Tillamook County Commissioners, business owners and non
Scola iaest om

© OSU Extension Service Tillamook County: Oregon Open Campus; 2012 ; helping to build, expand, and market programming related to the
Outreach & Engagement activities of Oregon State University.

© Including public outreach events, fair booths, hosting keaming workshops and public education of mission statement.

Company Name - Community Coach 01/2007 - 012013

© Actively supported local MOPS groups, on the Oregon Coast and Willanctte Valley.

© Acted as liaison between local coordinators/chartering ministries and MOPS Int.

© Skills include self-direction, team player, trouble shooting, record keeping and problem solving; management of volunteer base that ran
groups in the northwest region and promoted the MOPS agenda with local churches, doctor offices and media.

Professional Summary

Experienced educator with hands on experience in youth development and interpersonal skills growing and managing large volunteer base and
program developrent. Committed to offering programming and education to all youth.
