Bey Nels) o;4

Say

unm oer ages Meal cae On lLes ice MO cen siem Oo MIST eL TMT ees Celt ue Reccorng eat ted
Managing, meetings, office, problem solving, processes, progress, Teacher, Teaching, time management, written

Experience

elotorag

August 2004 to March 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Teacher who develops curriculum with a chik!’s biological, cognitive and socio-emotional processes in mind.
¢ Committed to the healthy maturation of every child nvolved.

elotonay
August 2002 to June 2004 Company Name 1% City , State

© Coordinated parent-teacher conferences during the school year.

© Took on numerous backstage role is, including running lights, crew and box office.

¢ Compketed and filed all necessary paperwork for classroom activities, including meal count sheets and.

© attendance logs.

© Planned and implemented creative lessons in accordance with district, county, state and federal guidelines,
¢ Observed and evaluated students’ performance, behavior, social development and physical health.
elotinay

August 1997 to June 2002 Company Name 1% City , State

Established daily routines that were easy for the children to follow.

CoN Toren anc rome nouns renchinnce Corl Buncee iy konccesie)t oe
eth Rerto caster encno oie ackitanl dca bme bone ucm omens
Monitored students' educational progress with individual charts and files.

Addressed behavioral and keaming issues with parents and daycare management.

Ce ey

Teacher
August 1996 to June 1997 Company Name 1% City , State

1Fostered reasoning and problem solving through active exploration games and activities.

WO ChecRanemadhen ben byouiccomnul mecha «tal Corn cetr< Biles

Worked with interdisciplnary team members to evaluate chikdren's progress and recommend appropriate.
Pestrneg oy ttm

ON Te rene once oRu te RUN etucHnece orl Better i bekonccesvt om

Sho reek wruivcm aa oueeya mre sank OB og

Pens FeSO edb eaciueice hac CR ComCcecun tec oneness

Ol ricliesb iB Hallioccb ironing elvan mine neeeuilh ee ed tiice

Nurtured a supportive leaming environment that was offen used as a model for other classrooms.

ey

Education and Training

Master of Science : Instructional Leadership Early Chikhood Education , 2008 Tennessee Technical University i% City, State Instructional
Pent pou eee ete

Bachelor of Science : Early Childhood Education , 1996 Georgia Southwestem University 4 City , State Early Childhood Education
Vaklosta State University i City , State
