Bees) 54
Professional Summary
Looking for a position to use my strong passion for children's development, together with skills and experience that will enable me to mike a
significant difference. Ako, to build a long-term career with opportunities for growth and to keep up with the cutting edge of the technologies.
Qualifications

¢ Excellent communication and multi-tasking skills

Care arson in elKenwde cn acy ¢ Team phyer with exceptional commumication skills
Cem Decal on cen OES MOM VUTUIR Los esa COE Ced ¢ Relibk, flexible and hard working
necessary actions in tasks when required * Computer skills: Windows, XP, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Excel,
¢ Admirable work ethic Outlook, QuickBooks, Intemet research
Experience

Teacher 08/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

Teach United States History, Civics, Geography, and English Language & Literature for Middle School.
Phan, prepare and deliver lessons to a range of middle school classes. Conduct up to 5 classes in one day.
Record and monitor student attendance.

Mark work and give appropriate feedback to pupils.

PN Sebsipe Mur Cora me nnn olin EZ1C

Prepare pupils for external examinations, such asA Stanford and SOL.

Manage pupils’ behavior in the classroom and on school premises.

Administer examinations.

Serge redoelnca nee a Om inCCancet nent La ace

re ee ee er

Teacher 08/2009 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

¢ Impkrnted instructional activities that contributed to a climate where students were actively engaged in meaningful learning experiences,
Identified, selected, and modified instructional resources to meet the needs of the students with varying backgrounds, eaming styles, and
iesabrocsin

Assisted in assessing changing curricular needs and offers plans for improverrent.

Maintained effective and efficient record keeping procedures.

ON EE eth were uci ren eR Leia cae acdondelilnat Oberon marea uae RE oe cin nice yee

Communicated effectively, both orally and in writing, with students, parents, and other professionals on a regular basis.

Oo elec coe Ra ia ced bem athnanena Cannery a

Displayed professional and ethical standards when dealing with students, parents, peers, and community.

Office Manager/Administrative Assistant 03/2006 to 08/2009 Company Name City , State

¢ Provided administrative support to the Department Chair and 15 faculty members.

CP cicccno em ipcscs Ponca Lat ee umcconeinen nic tircnremiiae sca Rultestnel 1m

¢ Edited and prepared semester schedules for faculty.

CM Or) oral ccR Ol Vawn eh icemtieRuat i ecm Oey ocpurtelralnncaC LT Renae

© Trained and supervised work study students for the department.

De yon eceK crc bn oriidtet bom HhonCHnRncncmeetince nan enMeerealic nce Sine nines oinaee)a
Philosophy & Religious Studies.

Student Services Assistant/Administrative Assistant 08/2004 to 03/2006 Company Name City , State

¢ Processed admission applications to include tours of the site, a review of records and scheduling of placement IEP meeting,

© Maintained and scheduled annual JEP (Individual Education Program) and Triennial (Eligbility) meetings.

¢ Processed and distributed monthly related service reports, quarterly progress reports and report cards.

¢ Maintained all aspects ofstudent records to ensure compliance with the Department of Education.

CMA eRe Ronee Cuore ERE RO MPS sE OR ONL CE Noor A ID VO Ske nalinz kei owe ccrecen |
following the procedure when students were referred.

Se ecb oc REO Lene aLu lied soul ace nceLe a nue ema pre hee Mcoucii ce Omen REDS cee ORG Nunta

© Maintained a database with accurate disabilities, geographical information, class Iist, related services and state reportabk formation.

Business Manager/Travel Coordinator 03/1996 to 06/2002 Company Name City , State

« Administered salary payments for contracted athletic staffand processed student payroll.
