MATH TEACHER MATH INTERVENTION TEACHER

iterating

Seeking an Academic Advisor Position Lifelong lamer who continually strives to understand and implement best practices; strong proponent of
OOo e MRA OEM e Rtn ie Doce ar cue RNR Cor hed ane COLL a ouNl AAO MeOH Une mns Bil peancele cee) arti ete
instruction; instructional strategies; behavior managernent techniques; and structuring positive and engaging environments that maximize
performance. Proven ability to work well with diverse populations within the corporate and educational setting. Contributes to the success of
company by managing relationships with internaVexternal customers, vendors, and suppliers. Key characteristics, attributes and values: integrity,
hard worker, reliable, honest, diligent, thorough, collaborative and approachable.

Experience

Math Teacher Math Intervention Teacher 02/2008 to 08/2014 Company Name

¢ Serve as an instructional leader, accountable for managing inclusive classes comprised of 22-27 students of varying kaming kevels and
capabilities,

Challenged to deliver highly engaging kessons, accommodate different kaming styles and elevate the performance kvels of students.
Strategically incorporates extensive business skills honed over the years to efficiently and eflectively manage the classroom, develop lessons
Pape cCETI Sam NaNO ETT cm

© Combines traditional teaching approaches with modem techniques and tools.

Guides students through the leaming process with clear statements about the purpose for kaming the new skill, clear explanations and
Ciclo ud La iqueeleiEecomen cRonyuenacsec elon oedlilamnnlibneonanan@risioua ci ncaa cta
Encourages higher ordered thinking by use of inquiry based eaming,

Provides students with questions, methods and mnterials while challenging students to discover the relationships between the variabks.
Highlighted Achievements / Contributions: Recognized as a top perfonrer, named Team Lead muttiple years.

Achieved a 100% pass rate at this Title I school.

Demonstrated ability to gain the trust and respect of'students and convey confidence in their abilities.

Sole he coc okcoa ncn ca Ae aatancenMKeteram boca crime anneraniieksanees

Selected to be a member of the Mentor Team, providing support to the entire district.

[Ove pcMrenemetnich cb imncte Cobo ecg tleC ced

continued on page two.

Cr ee

08/2004 to 05/2005 Company Nance
New Store Coordinator 11/2003 to 08/2004

Began as a ternp and quickly promoted to New Store Coordinator; worked closely with the Director of Store Services and Division Sales

Development Management to coordinate and manage the store opening process.

Tasked with project managing issues, ensuring strict adherence to scheduling and working with various departments and vendors to assure

stores had the equipment, merchandise and resources required to open on time.

Assisted in the successful opening of over 20 stores throughout the country.

Scheduled and tracked logistics and supply chain, ensuring merchandise arrived in the proper quantity, on time and at the correct location.

Leveraged knowkdge of PowerPoint, Excel and MS Word to develop and modify several reports for the management team

Highlighted Achievernents/ Contributions: Developed a reputation as a key resource and creative problem solver willing to go above and

beyond to achieve goal.

Strategically leveraged communication skills to manage peopk, problems and expectations; eamed a distinction as an approachable

resource able to motivate and influence peopke to action.

¢ Fanmers insurance - TN Property Adjuster Gained exposure to and an understanding for the construction process and appraisals; tasked
with investigating, evaluating properties and applying technical knowledge and customer services skills to affect fair and prompt closure of
property and liability chins.

© Conducted onsite evaluations and appraisals of structural darmge.

Worked cohesively with buikders and contractors to restore affected areas, leveraged extensive training in the construction process.

Liability Specialist 08/1998 to 08/1999 Company Name

© Conducted initial investigation of auto chim and diligently analyzed damage repair costs.
¢ Maintained extensive contact with law enforcement and customers; participated in arbitration.

Education

Bachelor of Science : Multdisciplinary Studies English Multidisciplnary Studies English

Texas Teaching Certification, ESL Certified, CPI (Crisis Prevention Institute)

Skills

arbitration, communication skills, CPI, creative problem solver, customer services, insurance, law enforcement, Team Lead, logistics, Director,
managing, materials, Math, Mentor, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Word, page, Sales Developrrent, scheduling, supply chain, Teacher, Teaching
