TEACHER

Summary

Thank you for taking the time to read this. 1 am presenting you this resume to express my interest in a Social Studies teaching position at your
school. My experience in the Social Studies field includes bachelor’s degrees in Criminology, Political Science, as wellas Secondary Social
Science Education.

Highlights
© Creative lesson planning
Canvas
¢ Adept chssroom manager
© Valid and Current Teaching Certification in California as well as Florida. : Pearle
© Urban public schools background. One of the schools I have experience in ree een
was a Title 1 school in Hollywood, Florida. A eer reenter
© Coaching experienced with Cross Country and Track. ar eter te
© Data-driven curriculum expertise: docurrentation can
be provided upon request.

SMART Board familiarity
Accomplishments

© Helped campaign for school partners in education. Brought in local businesses to partner with schoo! to fimd student activities.
© Developed innovative classroom management tools, which were implemented on a large scale for the teachers among the school.

schivor anes
Teacher
August 2014 to Current Company Name

* Created interactive and engaging lessons that aligned with the standards set by the state.

¢ Colkborated in Professional Leaming Communities which partnered with other Social Studies teachers as well as other Departments within
the school Cross Curriculum Collaboration between Reading, Language Arts, and Social Studies.

Reading in the content area endorsed.

ESOL in the Content Area endorsed.

Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.

Fn cemeanineg eelLeeciP ep islet Cen eC aici gyntETacecs

Took all necessary and reasonable precautions to protect students, equipment, materials and facilities.

Helped students develop and improve study methods and habits.

Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.

Employed a broad range of instructional techniques to retain student interest and maximize eaming.

Planned and conducted hands-on activities to provide students with opportunities to observe, question and investigate.

Worked cooperatively with special education, speech pathologists, and behavioral specialists teachers to modify curricula for special
education students according to Individual Education Plans (IEPs).

Communicated with peers, colleagues, administrators and parents to meet and exceed teaching goals.

Created lesson plans in line with state curriculum and school curriculum standards.

Created an interactive chssroom atmosphere to maintain student interest and facilitate karning.

Created engaging and dynamic lessons with an emphasis on improving students’ written and verbal communication skils.

Identified areas of weakness with individual students and tailored lessons accordingly.

Prooffead and evaluated students’ writing and gave feedback.

Glebe GAM Lest el con gec rll Gcneeicee eure em

Maintained accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies and administrative regulations.

Developed, administered, and assessed student tests in order to evaluate/monitor students' progress.

Pursued professional development activities to broaden and deepen knowledge of content and teaching skills.

Acted as a positive role model for students and colleagues.

Tutored students after schoo! and on weekends to prepare them for the End of Course exam for Civics as well as tutoring in reading,
[Xe rcd Mire e

Student Teacher
January 2014 to May 2014 Company Name

© Created daily lesson plans for bell to bell mstruction.

¢ Affer school tutoring to prepare the students for the AP exam

* Weekly observations by Clinical Educator Monthly observation by University Supervisor. Scored high marks on all observations.
© Used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.

© Met with parents and guardians to discuss students’ progress at least once per semester.

* Enforced both classroom and administration policies and ruks at all times.
