TEACHER

Professional Background

Certified Nursing Assistant with experience serving chronically ill patients, including assisting with daily living activities and household tasks. Patient
and highly compassiomate. skilled at wound care, mobility assistance and charting. Highly flexible and willing to work weekends. Flexible and
experienced in catheter insertion and removal, as well as tubule feedings and medications.

Skill Highlights
¢ Trained in catheter change and preparation
CMR Oilers pen NEscr Ns t nats * General housekeeping ability
CMe printer accc PEAR gem arws noes cca
© Abk to lift 50 pounds ae ,
© Understands medical procedures i aaliaciahs abel
SE Gcslinccs iy eee Bs UT Se oe 5 _
ay On a caer
Cea E ealie)
© Experienced in obtaining/charting vital signs
Professional Experience

Company Name City , State TEACHER 02/2015 to Current Employed a variety of materials for chikiren to explore and manipulate in kaming
activities and inmginative play. Read stories to the chikiren and taught them painting, drawing and crafis. Carefully monitored chikdren's phy
activities. Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each chik's activities. Incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and
expression, Maintained daily records of activities, behaviors, meals and naps. Routinely picked chiddren up ftom school and activities. Created and
impkirented a developmentally appropriate curriculum that accommodated all eaming styles. Familiarized parents with center’s policies,
reguhtions, fees and curriculum

Company Name City , State Certified Nursing Assistant 01/2016 to 03/2017

© Provides patients personal hygiene by giving bedpans, urinals, baths, back-rubs, shampoos, and shaves; assisting with travel to the
bathrooms, helping with showers and baths.Provides for activities of daily living by assisting with serving meals, feeding patients as necessary;
ambuhting, turing, and positioning patients; providing fresh water and nourishment between meals. Provides patient comfort by utilizing
resources and materials; transporting patients; answering patients’ call lights and requests; reporting observations of the patient to nursing
supervisor. Documents actions by completing forms, reports, logs, and records. Maintains work operations by following policies and
eeateM Meus eis CR Lede Coosa silane ne niiventaeeieaea]h

Company Name City , State Home Health Aide 05/2016 to 09/2017 Observed and docurrented patient status and reported patient comphints to
the case mamager. Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration. Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival. Assisted with adequate
nutrition and fluid intake. Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets, Directed patients in prescribed range of
mnotion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs. Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients. Performed household
CET ee RUN ARC UCR NORe LA Lee MUcCOU TE hoe Cecil ee cem ced Canoe MUON ene hem OM eM aN aS CON Neca ole Cnt MASTS (etN
with ADLs. Comforted patients and provided them with reassurance and encouragement.

Company Name City , State HOUSEKEEPER 01/2012 to 12/2014

Operates various mechanized cleaning equipment, such as vacuums, polishers, buffers, etc. Maintain facility ina sanilary and inféction-fiee
condition through washing, cleaning and replacement of equipment and fimishings.

Requires working in damp, dusty and dirty areas.

Must ckan up human waste and other body fluids, as required.

Responsibke for disposal of trash, waste, and other disposable materials. Must handle various cleaning solvents, chemical, etc.

Must comply with all regulations such asOSHA, EPA, State Health Departirent, etc.Plan work schedule for major tasks.Damp dust
furniture, light fixtures, window sill, etc. Empty trash containers daily.

Wet mop floors in all residents’ rooms and bathrooms daily.

Damp mp all corridor floors, lobby, dining areas,and others daily.

CO URC MC PUCK Meier OM OCMrT CRE OC eReli a

Check all vacant rooms daily to keep fresh.

le Eanes

Report any needed repairs immediately to supervisor (Such as keaky faucets or toilets, loose tik, broken window panes, missing nuts or
screws, beds needing repair, etc.).

Wash windows as scheduled..Check entire area for spill, water, etc.

periodically, especially in residents’ bathrooms.Use safety precautions in all housekeeping services.

re ee

nd

Education and Training

HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA 2009 Strawberry Mansion High School , City , State
Entry Level Nurse Aide Program 2013 City , State

Certifications

CNA Licence-10/30/2015-/1 1/01/2017

Sal

a€¢ Well versed with the standards of hygiene and sanitation
