BUNS SOO VEY

Work History

Ooi nina Nrling

Professional Summary

Currently working towards my Education/Career goals of obtaining my BA in Psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with
Elementary Youth in a classroom setting, My goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more Proficient Educator/Administrator.

Currently working towards my Educatior/Career goals of obtaining my BA in Psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with
Eknentary Youth in a classroom setting, My goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more Proficient Educator/Behavioural
Specialist

Currently working towards my Educatior/Career goals of obtaining my BA in Psychology in order to demonstrate my passion working with
Elerentary Youth in a chssroom setting, My goal is to diversify my educational experience to become a more Proficient Educator/Behavioural
Recerca
Accomplishments

Pa re odie Bcc la Con ABET CNM amen leP race niin onatine cree ea scclient em

¢ CPRAA, Mandated Reporting, Incident Reporting Training Certified.

Sails

Conducted Peer Council with Youth Assigned Books based on Reading level Supported Students with Special Needs Engaged Student with
Positive Language Instructed Personalized Lesson Plans Critiqued student Project rather than correcting it Addressed Challenging Student
Behavior Developed Strong Problem Solving Skills

Se B eco PO AUR NRO R lend olen Se naa Pee Dosti uc RNa Koc emtoueleeReneha surat.

« A Assigned Books based on Reading levelA Se sistas uae is cee sO e Cece COMO!
PEST re cbt olRwips nce lBcotdemeana eng corhecl| nature and interest
and Academic plans PME Guieccerineonsucuariiram aitoenautis

* Conducted Peer Council with Youth to nature problem solving skills ¢ Engaged Student with Positive verbal and body language
e A Assigned Books based on Reading kvelA Instructed Personalized Lesson Plans based on chssroom
Supported Students with Special Needs by developing Behavioral Pealcer bn acecg

and Academic plans Critiqued student Project rather than correcting it

* Conducted Peer Council with Youth to nature problem solving skills © Engaged Student with Positive verbal and body language
e A Assigned Books based on Reading evelA Instructed Personalized Lesson Plans based on chssroom

© Supported Students with Special Needs by developing Behavioral nature and interest
EtnePteselonnen yi) PE Gubehccksnonsuryeuaciincminteencanlg
As nasisen
Teacher Assistant , 01/2013 to 06/2016
Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Worked in cohorts with a team ofT.A to provide classroom support with Tier I and Tier IT who were not at reading and writing criteria
according to common core standards, to help them undergo rechssification.

Executive Director Assistant , Company Name 4€“ City , State

Managed entire private school database and met weekly with administrators to obtain updated requirements for testing new potential EL Learner.
Provided logistical support for Department Director on every day to day office operations

Executive Director Assistant , 07/2013 to 07/2016
Company Name a€“ City , State

© Managed entire private school database and met weekly with administrators to obtain updated requirements.
© for testing new potential EL Leamer.

¢ Attended classroom audits in classroom observations performed by EL.

© Specialist.

¢ As well as logistical support for our Department Director on every day to day operations.

EXL Tutor & ELA Academic Tutor , 08/2017 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

© Provided an enriched chssroom environment to a class of 20 Ist grade students during afterschool.
© Supported students through homework, mathematics, reading, and enrichment activity tied to common core standards.

EXL Tutor &; ELA Academic Tutor , Current
