TEACHER
Ritirersta

Math Teacher with excellent communication skills. Organized and driven with the innate ability to stay on task. Uses effective and efficient
methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student.

bs hranianie
© Tutoring experience
¢ Central Missouri Math Educators club member © MS Office proficient
© Missouri Council of Teachers of Mathematics 2014 Conference © Organized
Cae Ries

Accomplishnents

Whik working for Beauty Brands I received two awards. I received the Award of Excellence and Shift Manager of the Year. The Award of
Excellence is a company wide award and is awarded to one person from each district. Out of seven locations I was chosen for my district. I was
presented the award at Beauty Brands annual banquet in Kansas City. I accepted the award from the founder and CEO and was recognized in
front of all of hone office, location managers, and other award winners. The next year I was awarded with Shift Manager of the Year for my
district.

Experience

EER com Unc conc minmeclite bio Momence barr eeNeng oo ararcrxccanibeicpienelcce |
at Lees Summit High School summer school and 6th grade math and social studies at Brittany Hill. Fificen hours were spent at Hoklen Middle
School tutoring 6th through 8th graders in various contents. I spent twelve hours observing special education students in both a general education
PincEyneds kode ben ke scouts SiS retnlnVa eld rine Eau RUC sR acre @ cl Al SACHnUBZ Glebe neem Olpere erg cans
and I taught three different lessons and led several small groups in discussions about various math articles. One kesson we taught was reviewing
order of operations. Since the students were newly familiar with the information we wanted them to get some practice working on various
OC Re NL Ay ror LOM Be Anat ccls Nm Rete wacrere Mul ccraceeR ramadan neka com MOT ema Oh Cone
board so that they could visualize it and write it down. Students would call out the answer when it was their card and then we solved the problem
on the board as a chss before we moved on to the next card. The students really enjoyed this because it was something that we did all together
AG ECR eee eleennm tener aoe Tee

Angela
Company Name January 2014 to Current Teacher
(OANA

© Assigned to care for cight 18 month to 24 month olds on campus of UCM.

© Duties include but are not limited to changing diapers, potty training, feeding them breakfast, lunch, and dinner, putting them down for naps,
CMe RS Neale ee ee CAMO aI RON cme coal B eae elieeec obra v een crams keen n nvesTiCa My SGT
about their child(ren).

Company Name October 2012 to January 2014 Sales Lead
OAS

© Had duties such as food prep, baking, frosting, decorating, and washing dishes.
¢ Ako helped customers in the front house.

¢ Greeted, took orders, consulted, and checked out customers.

Cm O\oca tei comlikeo os zeconee Roni ikeo ascend

¢ Iwas responsible for checking and responding to Facebook posts and emails.

© Created up selling games and contests to motivate employees and created a promotional scavenger hunt for customers to pry.

Company Name August 2011 to October 2012 Assistant Manager
LenS

¢ Assist with execution of annual store level financial plans to ensure that budgeted financial performance is met or exceeded.

¢ Compkte and submit all required operating reports, forms, and projects.

PE Qererasenimeiesecnectntee ss enioe (encore sem

¢ Ensure that store safety and security measures are communicated and are being followed and that all operational procedures are being
performed.

Company Name March 2010 to August 2011 Shift Manager
COAG

¢ Assisted the Location and Assistant Manager with recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and training new employees.
¢ Guaranteed that customers received 100% satisfaction and resolved customer concems.
