CLASSROOM TEACHER

Si

Experienced education professional, with a background in instructional design, secking opportunities to develop materiak, activities, and tools that
support the teaching practice and improve educational outcomes for young leamers. Nearly 20 years experience working in both in- and out-of
classroom settings; including working with diverse populations in Title I and inclusive learming environments. *Track-record of effectively
participating in collaborative, interdisciplinary teams to develop and/or implement student programs, teacher workshops, and outreach events.
*Adept in the use ofa variety of technologies and applications for tracking and monitoring data, maintaining records, giving presentations, and
enhancing leaming activities.

schivor anes

Classroom Teacher

AAs MAllURORGnnenag@eniannine

grades 2, 4 & 5) Provided differentiated leaming opportunities via center activities and flex- group instruction.

Sought new and unique ways to integrate technology into instruction and kaming experiences.

Developed and revised district curriculum in technology, mathematics, language arts, and social studies.

Represented the school or grade-level on the school improverrent, mutticultural, technology, and textbook review committees.
Colhboratively developed a school-wide, scaffolded framework of leaming expectations in a cross-grade-level team.

Nine week supervision of'a student teacher in the spring of 2005.

January 2000 to January 2006 Company Name
Classroom Teacher
January 1998 to January 2000 Company Name

© Developed modified materials and lessons beyond the standard the curriculum to meet individual karning needs.

¢ Selected and modified instructional strategies, activities, and assessments to accommodate special-needs leamers and address multiple
modalities of leaming.

* Developed, implemented, and managed individual behavior plans.

Impkmented the Dirensions of Leaming to foster student motivation.

© Worked witha team on the development of the successfill "Beyond ViewSpace" proposal to restore NASA EOS finding for ViewSpace

Earth science programming and astrophysics visualizations.

Ako supported the development of successfull proposals in response to NASA's Cooperative Agreement Notices for Science Education

and Science Education and Public Outreach Forums.

© Efforts included generating text, diagrams and visuals, outcomes and metrics, program logic models, and research on audience needs.

Was the Hubble mission lead on the NASAScience4Girs project for 2010 - 2015.

In 2015, facilitated the participation of 18 libraries in 11 states who hosted Hubbke-themed student workshops in celebration of the

telescopes' 25th anniversary.

Workshops and mnterials reached over 200 students.

© Supported the redesign, testing, and launch ofthe Amazing Space education website.

* Efforts included content creation, development of revised and enhanced teacher pages, and synthesizing team feedback for Web

lave enon

Coordinated the Maryland component of the Hubble ERO Pilot Project, with four local schools conducting interdisciplnary STEM research

Peco eM ESIU s(t om

The project culminated in a special event for students and families at the Maryland Science Center.

Nitto gee cuca kel te mal lean nip cred Gallemieni kien noms soca eawsl los

Participated as a member ofa multi-institutional team in the NASA education product review and activity analysis.

Contributions included reviewing astrophysics education materials for fit to education standards, grade-level, and NASA SMD science

rare

Helped identify gaps in terms of topic and resource type, as wellas, gaps in learning progressions as denoted by Project 2061 benchmarks

Bleisner) cm

Supported the initial population of the NASA Wavelength Digital Library with astrophysics resources, and the development of kaming

progressions using NASA data activities.

CVC e ies Uh wala eam neem Omur cancer neh ues icp esse PA00)

Applied rubrics to score state-wide student test responses in writing, language usage, math, science, and reading.

Education Specialist
Company Name

© Provide expertise in the development ofastrophysics-themed education miteriak, workshops, and programs.

© NASA's Universe of Leaming & Hubble Education Program) Align materials to national education standards and frameworks.

NGSS, Common Core, AAAS Project 2061, NCTM, NRC's NSES standards) Develop and organize content for multiple organizational
Belem

Amnzing Space, OPO site, STEM projects site, Hubble 25th anniversary site, and HST Cyck grants site).

Review astrophysics education and outreach products for clarity, readability, pedagogical appropriateness, and fit to standards.

Make recommendations for revisions; as appropriate.

Maintain fiks, records, and databases for the HST Cycle EPO grants program.

Assist with the development of proposals and product plans, evaluation plans, and program outcomes, metrics, and milestones.
