SUBSTITUTE TEACHER

Professional Summary

Enthusiastic and self-motivated professional, with experience as a youth worker, seeks an opportunity to enhance existing skills in working with
vulnerable children and families. I am familiar with the challenges and difficulties that children living in stressfill family situations face and am keen to
offer support that facilitates lasting change. In my work with students, I have direct experience of the impact of abuse and neglect on chikiren's
development and fimetioning, I wish to work in partnership with other professionals to ensure that chikdren grow up to achieve their full potential in
safe, loving environments whether that is at home with their birth family or in altemative settings.

Core Qualifications

Decision Making - Can make decisions and take responsibility for
« Analytical Thinking - Applies logic to solve problems and get them

the job done. © Ethics - Has personal and professional ethics and fosters a diverse
e A Knowlkdge of child development and the impact of and respectfil workplace.
abuse/traum on chikren's finctioningA CEE ii osneera Pes Lele i cwenCUmueRr Canininek elle)
¢ Even Temperament Controlling emotions and not retaliating mnintain professional relationships.
eb neusltinen atshe oye Interpersonal Awareness: The ability to have and show empathy to
¢ Excellent communication - Can use language effectively to others. Listens well and responds in a nor-threatening way.
gather information and facilitate the exchange of ideas. © Results Oriented - Achieves goals in a timely manner while providing
excelknt client service.
schivor anes
April 2015
to
feTsvang

Company Name City , State Substitute Teacher

¢ Carried out programs of study prescribed in the lesson plans.

EMS rly Nee ebescec ALOU CCMmAne hecr ine macl tm

Oat RasConMilanii cia ieee ont Rusn eben a OM conte elie comes MORES ITUNS MIE Oca CRe aly air cance
Guided the learning process toward the achieverrent of curriculum goals and designated outcomes.

ECHO Cc P MUTATE SUMO Na NHOR Lc Oeih sacs enact ekueneuemet sory ole

Site RieseeH Rael eR NUN O eA Sec Re Sli nes mes nee ee ees CR ne ne dascet eet otm

Explored reasons behind student's truancy or poor attendance in order to refer onwards to school counselors.

Worked in partnership with school staff to achieve leaming outcomes.

Maintained commumication with teachers and family's regarding student's achieverrents.

Was mindful of and reported any incidents ofabuse, exploitation or neglect to appropriate professionals in line with district policies.

August 2012

to

August 2015

Company Name City , State Youth Worker

Ene peee Erbe ici eR UR CenCkO RCI Lencr Lcomel naive epee sure Tice

Provided life skill training (budgeting, personal responsibility, integrity, job skills, etc) and mentoring to students.
Assisted students with planning for college/university attendance.

Supported students to grow in selFesteem, positive coping strategies, and social skills.

Appropriately discussed difficult/traumatic life experiences with students (ie.

poor self-esteem, bullying, stressfill hore life, removal from birth family, foster care, etc); helping them to address negative emotions/belief&
surrounding these experiences.

Empowered students to develop skills in kadership, communication, decision-making, and healthy boundaries.
Provided support to students with keaming difficulties.

Maintained close links with parents/family to commaumicate child's progress.

Encouraged the involvement of parents/family in participating in school and related activities.

Reported any incidents of child protection/neglect in line with CRU policies.

Took the lead in phnning & organizing successful fimdraisers benefiting students' ongoing development.

Liaised with local community to enhance relationships with CRU.

Assessed, budget, and execute organizational goals.

Dato sccm sie) enailerewiomctl <atice

Built relationships with people to generate financial support for occupation.

September 2010

to

August 2012

Company Name City , State Mechanic

© Performed maintenance on airport and airline facilities and equipment.
¢ Performed regular preventive maintenance and corrective maintenance.
