READING TEACHER
Summary
Tama highly motivated educator and self-starter with a passionate commitment to keamers and their success and growth. I am accountable and
thorough with a history of sound decision-making and innovative skills that have helped a plethora of teachers and students succeed.
As a professional educator with an extensive background in student success, I amako a certified Life and Success Coach.
Took forwardA to extending my expertise to the teachers and staffat VanA Buren Middle School A I believe that student success is inevitable
with competent, passionate, “all in" teachers that will stand by their side inspiring productivity and essentially lif long kearers..A
Highlights
© 97% senior student success rate (2016-2017)
* 15 years of successfil teaching experience(tenured)
© Hilsborough Alliance for Back School Educators, HABSE Teacher of the Year 2016-2017
© Teacher of the Year, Greco Middle School 2005-2006
© Rookie Teacher of the Year, Greco Middle School 2002-2003
schivor anes
Company Name August 2006 to May 2017 Reading Teacher
lena El CG

CMe onereea Or elonnetlN

Helped students develop and improve study methods and habits.

BBE ray gua ilies rc lLetces aCe culececm@elcancc eiceine keane iit Uetcm
Improved 97% reading scores to satisfy graduation requirementsA

Met with parents and guardians to discuss students’ progress at least once per semester.
Established positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues and adrvinistrators.
Encouraged discussion of css material to promote critical thinking and academic success
Impkmented remedial programs for students requiring extra help

Participated in regular professional development training to keep up-to-date with new teaching.

Company Name August 2013 to June 2016 Sunshine Social Chairperson
lena El CG

* Collected faculty and staff dues
© Planned and organized all school events, ie. Parent Conference Night meals, Birthdays, Retirement Celebration, End of the year lncheon
© Morale Booster

Company Name August 2010 to September 2012 On-Site Professional Developer
lena El CG

* Led 110 students to improve test scores by more than 37% during the first semester of the 2015-2016 academic year.
© Offered specific training programs to help teachers maintain and improve in chssroom management and student success
© Used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations to promote student success

Cee ge cee cn cLais Om ciMPaReT Cet g

© Planned and executed book studies and faculty trainings

Company Name August 2006 to June 2009 Girls SV Basketball Coach

LOAN

CW noob karennaliethin dana) ace RORitd@ neta heneiecneneReit ew

* Met with prospective student-athletes to discuss their experience and goals

© Created and ran up-to-date and relevant drills

® Monitored the academic performance of student-athletes in addition to their athletic progress
© Helped develop each participant's physical and psychological fitness

© Maintained and updated attendance forms and insurance records

Company Name July 2002 to May 2006 VE Teacher
lena El CG

Employed a varicty of A assessment tools and strategies to improve instruction in the classroom

© Attended a variety of professional development workshops centered on leaming goals, chssroom managerrent, student motivation and
engaging leaming activities.

Served on various committees and projects including Sunshine Committee as the on-site Chaimperson

Facilitated activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth.

Encouraged students to be understanding with others.

Used the positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior. Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students
based on differentiated leaming needs.

Aor teen Ec ink a MIP Witenes ce

Ute et Neel RIE Atha URE. OL oy
