HISTORY TEACHER

Professional Summary

To be employed as an Administrative Assistant or similar role where my interpersonal communication, time managerrent, problem resolution, and
organizational skills will benefit the company. Technically-adept [Job Title] with advanced knowledge of MS Office Suite and experience creating
Excel databases and PowerPoint presentations. Quality-focused [Job Titk] committed to approaching administrative tasks with tenacity and
attention to detail. Experienced Office Manager with a strength in managing multiple projects simultaneously and fostering a cohesive staf

Skills
© Human resource hws knowkdge
© Appointment setting
« [Number] WPM typingspeed ¢ ~Teambuikling
© Professional phone etiquette ¢ Accounting familiarity
© Excellent commuication skills «Payroll
* Database management © Invoice processing
© Articulate and welk-spoken Cea Geniicicenems yaaa
© Customer service-oriented © Flexible
© Works well under pressure © Accurate and detailed
¢ Excellent planner and coordinator
Work History

History Teacher 08/2004 to 06/2005
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Instructed more than [number] middle school students through lectures, discussions, group activities and demonstrations.

Prepared daily lesson plans for activities.

Planned and supervised class projects, field trips and visits by guest speakers.

Established positive rapport with all students and parents through home calls, agenda book notes, ermil correspondence, and newsletters.
Integrated technology into the classroom as an instructional tool.

Communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students and their parents.

Administered and graded tests and assignments to evaluate students' progress.

Identified signs of emotional or developmental problers in students.

Principal Mrs. Karen Noble 08/2005 to 06/2007
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Hea tee OM ri cag eabenice enya] mec @ Eula em

Set up kesson materials, bulletin board displays and demonstrations.

Promoted physical, mental and social development by implementing classroom games and outdoor recreational activities.
Fn cemeUnimepeelbeeceiP ep isl @eTlCe nee acILUCiOm ci SyntELooeCes ee Bla ecicm

Met regularly with parents and guardians to discuss children's progress.

Observed and evaluated students’ performance, behavior, social development and physical health.

Encouraged interactive leaming by incorporating educational software and the Internet.

Supervised an average of [nurber] students in chssrooms, halls, cafeterias, schoolyards and on field trips.

Planned and implemented creative lessons in accordance with district, county, state and federal guidelines.

Completed and filed all necessary paperwork for chssroom activities, including meal count sheets and attendance logs.
Created an enjoyable and interesting kaming environment for [number] students each year.

Worked with other teachers and administrators to evaluate and revise elementary school programs.

Pursued professional development continually by attending educational conferences and teacher training workshops.
Fostered team collaboration between students through group projects.

Completed training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the field.

Preserved the confidentiality of student records and information at all tines.

Took part in professional organizations and continuing education courses.

Oh eletrnGnian Rane unee rap ccceroer emai yiveos

Fostered oral language development and critical thinking skills during literary discussions.

Second Grade Teacher 08/2007 to 06/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Hea tee OM ri cag eabenice enya] mec @ Eula em

Set up kesson materials, bulletin board displays and demonstrations.

Promoted physical, mental and social development by implementing classroom games and outdoor recreational activities.
Fn cemeUnimepeelbeeceiP ep isl @eTlCe nee acILUCiOm ci SyntELooeCes ee Bla ecicm

Met regularly with parents and guardians to discuss children's progress.

Observed and evaluated students’ performance, behavior, social development and physical health.

Encouraged interactive leaming by incorporating educational software and the Internet.

Supervised an average of [nurber] students in chssrooms, halls, cafeterias, schoolyards and on field trips.
