TEACHER

Summry
Highly ethical, dependabk, and diligent expert in the Curriculum Developrrent field.
bs hranianiey

¢ Curriculumdeveloprrent and assessment ‘Instructional design

CW SEO)icecdoneraans ° c-kaming tools

© Strong communicator * Leaming Management Systems
Accomplishments
Designed effective kesson A plans focused on age and evel-appropriate material.
Experience

Company Name June 2012 to Current Teacher

© Designed research based curriculum for writing instruction using the Trivium approach.A Saw student scores rise as a result of my
curriculum

© Developed research based curriculum for language arts kessons using the ADDIE method of Instructional design. Analyzed state standards

and school standards. Developed grammntical lessons according to standards.

Monitored student leaming by creating effective critical thinking strategies like sentence analysis using diagramming to enhance kaming

outcomes.A Created and evaluated quality assessment tools to maximize student kaming, A

¢ A Asaresultt of my curriculum and instructional design, student scores rose in language arts and reading comprehension by 4% in the AIMS

eset omen cn esta

Fe Cee SES suOL eee mean ese R eR (ne sere ELS

In2015, 93% of students scored at meets/exceeds onA inaugural AZ Merit Writing exam.

64% scored at exceeds on AZ Merit Writing exam because of my curriculum and instructional design.

Consistently met strict grading report deadlines by monitoring student keaming using effective formative/summative assessments for quick

fMetsiceriees

Met regularly with principal for evahutions and staff development opportunities: Developed and presented staff development for

implementation of critical thinking strategies across the grade kevels.

Provided guidance to other grade level teachers for enhancement of writing instruction and assisted them in writing effective assignments and

assessment tools to ensure a smooth student transition to my class.

Dvd sro iecalamrccna edn cuales eleebi menaced cama nena cub reiieene Result

Titi aeteasical oyu em

© Maintained effective communication with the principal and parents about my instructional practices.

¢ Asa result, positive parent feedback about my curriculum and instruction increased each year.

oy

Company Name November 2009 to June 2012 Lead Curriculum Developer
En ore. Ww.

© Designed effective college courses by communicating regularly with faculty, directors and staffin scheduled meetings on campus. A A A

Facilitated trouble shooting, problem solving, decision making, and conflict resolution regarding course development consistently.

Pa Ena vu OCUaS ECMO ec oR LCG iLen Ngan cece Ae neHcA ESE (ous clay

ee CRUBLISN ANY Lc} of professions. iw

Skshed curriculum issues in online and ground courses in Leaming Management System for Quality Assurance purposes by resolving any

and all problems with curriculunyinstruction in timely 24-48 hours. A

aU Sot Ruennenitr ectadsnames laze ees strict deadlines by analyzing data to assess curriculum and instruction while ensuring

Dee cL eee a AMC ease cused ee eos anu CePA bee RAZ ete yaa tet ts rN

Ione Witnessed academic improvement from students in the most populated courses I revised for the university over the 2.5 years I

worked there: A-UNV 103A & CWV 103803A AA A

© Met aggressive project timelines in the fast paced environment as GCU is constantly developing its ground and online presence.A

Designed relevant and interesting college courses for the College of Fine Arts, College of Arts & Sciences, and the College of Christian

Studies at Grand Canyon University by implementing the Understanding By Design method of Instructional Design as well as the A.D.D.LE.

method for optimal student eaming: A

FER NMR cure nace Cod aneeshatti ce ort Sy Eon mi WN

¢ Evaluated and researched pedagogical methods with instructional designers and faculty. Created digital visual aids to enhance student
keaming by working consistently with Academic Web Services to analyze student needs and write the scripts for the ¢-keaming tools. A

oy

e

cy

Company Name September 2005 to September 2009 Visual Arts Instructor

Solved probks by designing non-existent curriculum for required college courses in the Fine Arts department.

¢ Designed and developed effective curriculum and instruction for on campus Perspective Drawing Course and Digital Painting Course by
analyzing course competencies and student needs to ensure optimal student keaming,

Successfilly met course objectives by facilitating courses using my curriculum for multi presentation graphic design program and assessing
student progress consistently for four semesters.

Addressed all kaming styles and adult leaming theories to develop ksson plans for art courses using current software programs, art
methods, and other took.
