TEACHER
Summary

Taknted early education professional with diverse experience in planning and implementing various activities for promoting physical, social,
emotional and intellectual growth of children [Job Title] capable of reining calm under pressure while continuing to keep the preschool setting
light and playfil. Will work hard to identify and commumicate behavioral and educational issues.Open-minded [Job Title] talented at incorporating
a blend of traditional and progressive techniques into daily activities. Facilitates clear communication between children, parents and fellow

staff Creative preschool teacher adept at continually implementing current trends in early childhood curriculum Early Chidhood Teacher
specializing in chil psychology and development. Recognizes the importance of the parent-child bond and believes in regularly communicating with
este sive

Highlights
CO Ose e@alilede
© Probkm Solver
© Time Management
CREO esi eainienied
¢ Teamplkyer

Certified in Early Childhood Education
Conflict resolution techniques

Training in food handling preparation
Oalineleceosibet

schivor anes
08/2013 to 01/2016
Blctorom Generales LOIN MEST)

© Supervise 3-5 year old children.

© Setup small group and outdoor activities.

* Maintain paper work for parent - teacher conference.

© Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors,
meals and naps.Established a safe ply environment for the children. Distributed quarterly educational assessments, similar to report cards, to
each parent.Supervised children on field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos. Encouraged children to be understanding of
others. Maintained a chiki- friendly environment with access to outdoor activities. Completed all required documentation for the National
Head Start program Helped children reach milestones in the area of self-care. Developed professional relationships with parents, teachers,
directors and therapists.Observed children for signs of illness, injury, emotional disturbance, leaming disorders and speech
problems. Observed chikiren for signs of illness, injury, emotional disturbance, learning disorders and speech problems.

09/2008 to 06/2013
Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

© Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors,
meals and naps.Created and implemented developrrentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all karning styles.Established a safe play
enviromment for the children. Supervised chikren on field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos. Encouraged children to be understanding
of others.Compketed all required documentation for the National Head Start program Helped chikiren reach mikstones in the area of self
care. Developed professional relationships with parents, teachers, directors and therapists. Worked closely with the site director, family care
workers, chssroom teaching team and other specialists.Observed chikiren for signs of illness, injury, emotional disturbance, kaming
disorders and speech problems.Collaborated with colkagues on developing new chssroom projects and monthly themes.

PLU Con ber PA07 |
Sura NCR eer ce OO ScTIVA NUL Ry A ON ESSEC

© Manage and maintain baggage delivery to airplanes.
© Ensure safety around all arrival and departure of flights.
* Make end of shift reports to management team

RPE et
Teacher Company Nam 1% City , State

© Teach age level activities.
CW Ehinmccaniiya
PR o bosom ae digs) s1e ome com
Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method. Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals
