Kpandipou Kofi
Ritanenstag

Pe Ron coer lcm coms ec er Koiwanntonal Ving nme Ccees ON COLOR cn B ON Nkocean tert
Communication and problem solving skills.

¢ Experience in office administration and public speaking, Attentive and adaptabk, skilled in management of classroom operations. Effective in
leveraging student feedback to create dynamic lesson plans that address individual strengths and weaknesses.

¢ Dedicated and responsive team keader with proven skills in chssroom mamgement, behavior modification and individualized support.

¢ Personabk with experience using relationship-buikling to cultivate positive client, staffand management connections. Highly-developed

communicator with outstanding skills in complex probkenr solving and conflict resolution.

ero ROU Lee CII PCO e ey onaomar cL cca cca UR uence and sien Rehuariecoccon tern brconicm@ xelisnecy

managing client relations, and managing vendor relationships.

Results-driven assistant with track record of excelling in fast-paced office environments.

© Career-minded with talents in preparing reports, taking messages and sorting and routing mail. Comfortable working in fast-paced,
demanding office environment.

¢ Energetic and reputable individual possessing strong work ethic, professional demeanor and superb initiative. Exceptional customer service
and decision-making skills.

© Service-oriented individual with expertise in preparing and modifying documents, coordinating meetings and trips and preparing responses

on behalf of company. Committed to establishing stellar rapport with clients of diverse backgrounds.

Meticulous and systermtic Administrative Assistant skilked in organizing, planning and managing daily ckrical needs. Bringing solid expertise

in coordinating docurents, reports and records, handling correspondence and managing deliveries.

Skilled in oral and written communication, team keadership and relationship-buiing,

Comfortable working alone or with teams to accomplish or-time and accurate clerical tasks. Punctual Administrative Assistant known for

having terrific work ethic and dynamic communication skils.

Adept at preparing correspondence, memoranda and reports in both draft and final form.

Sails
CeicThecudeonenteste el muarec trem none oer ene eer eet
*  Relabilty and self sufficiency. ¢ Adaptabk, positive, eager to contribute in any capacity.
CMe ean nae ihem © Microsoft Office
© Organizational and problem solving skills. A ,
¢ Team phyer and multi tasker. tated ae
Experience
PSSnia tenes

City , State Company Name / Jan 2010 to Jun 2011

© Impknented lesson plans for css of 30 students.

© Prepared, duplicated and collected teaching materials to help students better understand leaming concepts.
© Helped students take advantage of other available subject matter and study resources.

¢ Chssroom restocking, support and management of operations.

¢ Asranged and Ied activities for students, including small group and individualized instructions.

e Assisted teachers with kesson preparation, curriculum implementation, and testing.

Assistant Manager Intern
City , State Company Name / May 2006 to Sep 2006

Spearheaded training initiatives to improve employee performance and bottomline business results,

Generated reports to assess performance and make adjustments.

Increased customer base and market share by promoting product through diverse channels.

Optimized productivity, streamlined program efficiency, and boosted profitability.

Supervised and trained customer service team members to provide exceptional service, driving retention and satisfaction.
othe En epe tec era buna Cane nlLcce Rete climaciu Mull Auli cme lene Ae is reach im
Addressed internal and customer-relted issues each day and affected strategic resolutions.

Ce ey

Ate e arog
City , State Company Name / Sep 2004 to Sep 2006

Datcrincde en eaaee ined he Lacetn eB ators ROU RUS cic CMO ULC Lee Ruy LAP ORCI ECB ant 120
impact within allotted space.

Evaluated reporter stories, shaped content and helped improve overall work quality through carefill review, detailed editing and constructive
feedback.

Developed and deepened positive relationships with writing, design and production team members to improve communication and
collaboration.

¢ Handed out story assignments, directed content meetings and evaluated submitted pieces to manage overall tone and execution of work.

¢ Decided readiness ofarticks for publication and approved final versions.
