GENERAL LIABILITY CLAIM REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Chairs Representative who is highly motivated, success driven with several years experience in the insurance industry.A
Skills
© Chis file management processes
Cae Giietteibicce ie
PE onebelcrmaseileneRentrititest oe kidllcy
© Self-directed
Cae tetite)s\icg
© Critical thinker

schivor anes
01/2008 to 02/2013
General Liability Claim Representative Company Name it4 City , State

© Recognized for continued outstanding customer service - nomimted for In-Synch Award Successfilly determine coverage and communicate
with insured based on application of policy information, facts and allegations of each case.

Aggressively investigate, evahute, reserve, and negotiate assigned chims in accordance with Best Practices.

Organize workflow to maintain efficiency and productivity.

Recognized for successfilly indentifying resources for activities required to properly investigate claims involving Subrogation, Risk Control,
Brest

© Effectively manage litigated chims.

© Maintain accounts with business partners to ensure and sustain quality results.

07/2005 to 01/2008
PATROL RO aol ccm AU SNe a ALO INARI HIG)

© Monitor the performance ofa team of eight automobik claim representatives, using the tools and techniques available, and implement plans
to improve performance timely and effectively.

Communicate expectations and hold unit meetings.

Organize workflow to maintain efficiency and productivity.

Coach and develop technically and professionally in order to improve business results, and maintain positive morale in the office.
Proactively understand, plan and commumicate the objectives and philosophy of the company, unit goals, expectations and changes in
workflows.

* Ability to analyze teamresults independently, create, and implement appropriate action plans in order to achieve needed results.

Ce ese S Cree / P20)
Automobile Liability Chins Representative Company Name i City , State

© Determine coverage.

© Supervise the investigation of automobile accidents over the telephone and on site to determine lability.

« Direct auto chims representatives to pay property damage chims once liability has been determined adverse.

© Managed uninsured/underinsured motorist property/injury chins.

© Manage reported chims to special investigations and completed reports as to the outcome of these investigations.
« Awarded at home work privileges due to superior time management skills.

© Supervise litigated chins with support of company legal counsel.

07/2000 to 01/2004
Senior General Liability Chins Representative Company Name 1 City , State

© Directly responsible for investigating general liability claims, such as slip and falls, municipality claims involving wrongfill death allegations.
© Required to work closely with clients to complete the investigation of chims, determine lability, and evaluate settkements.

© Required to understand services offered to assist in outside sales presentations.

© Inconjunction with Risk Management General Counsel supervised litigated chins.

© Managed muttmilion dollar settlements in conjunction with Risk Management partners and Defense Counsel.

Education and Training

B.S : Journalism Southem Illinois University 14 City , State Journalism

als

Coverage analysis, Customer service, presentations, litigation management, claim investigations and time management.A.
