AUTOMOBILE TRANSPORTER
Professional Summary

Dedicated, responsible Class A driver with a clean driver's license. Self-motivated and customer-focused. Exceptional leader talented at keadership,
communication, and managerment skills. Excellent team player with over 20 years of experience in the military and trucking industry. Talented
Mechanist Tech with more than 8 years of experience developing and executing maintenance programs. Excellent troubleshooting skills. Areas of
expertise include mechanics, technology, and management.

CES lc)
© Quality control © Solid communication skills
* OSHA reguhtory compliance © Strong organizational skills
© Dependable independent worker « Strong work ethic
© CkanD.0.T. ¢ Teamphyer
CPE Ceoebia i nwiiesiaueeal eis © Timely project compktion

Aug oanan at acs
05/2014 - Current
Company Name i City , State Automobile Transporter

* Conducted daily DOT pre-trip inspections according to a set checklist.

¢ Hooked and unhooked trailers from the tractor.

CE eoimilatkenlmeohuemeLetewecce Riri enamieL stil cm ueclaeo agmlineceierlicerl emilee

© Performemergency repairs including service hydraulic system

© Maintain accurate records such as vehicle logs, records of cargo and billing statements in accordance with regulations.
© Obeyed traffic hws and followed established traffic and transportation procedures

* Transported freight from origin to destination ina safe and timely manner.

09/2009 - 05/2014
Company Name i City , State Driver/Car Hauler

Coordinated daily delivery schedules based on customer scheduks, peak delivery times and alternate routes.
Conducted daily DOT pre-trip inspections according to a set checklist.

Maintained records required for compliance with state and federal regulations.

Interacted with customers and vendors ina friendly and timely manner.

Bioline ccm nase Kerk nUMOruccurne morn oinenuiavmeringe

Checked load accuracy and stability before each trip.

Picked up customer loads in a timely and accurate manner.

Maintained telephone and radio contact with supervisor to receive delivery instructions.

Conducted emergency roadside repairs, including changing tires, replacing light bulbs and installing fises and tire chains.
Recorded expenses and maintained receipts.

02/2006 - 09/2009
Company Name i City , State Independent Contractor

Facilitated successfil internal and extemal audits through sound and thorough documentation.

Composed effective accounting reports summarizing accounts payable data.

Posted receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts.

Reconciled discrepancies between accounts receivabke general ledger account and accounts receivable trial balance account.
Balanced monthly general ledger accounts to accurately record cost and month end accruals.

Supervised invoice processing, purchase orders, expense reports, credit memos and payment transactions.

Process accounts payable for 3 employees.

Entered financial data into the company accounting database to be verified and reconciled.

Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.

Streamlined bookkeeping procedures to increase efficiency and productivity.

Developed monthly, quarterly and annual profit and loss statements and balance sheets.

Performed periodic budgeting/modeling to project monthly cash requirements.

Drove car transporter, applying knowledge of commercial driving regulations in order to assure prompt delivery to dealerships.
Verified the contents of inventory to match bill of lading forms.

Maintain driver log.

HU PU ET 27201000
Company Name i City , State Driver/Car Hauler

¢ Transport automobiles from manufacturing plant to the dealership.
© Worker directly with training, departments, co-signees, and managerent to achieve on prompt deliveries new and pre-owned vehicles.
© Performemergency repairs including service hydraulic system
