CLINICAL AND DATA OPERATIONS SUPPORT ANALYST
Summary

Creative and Innovative professional driven to launch a career in teaching, Brings valuable experience from the legal and clinical research fields.

Sumnnry of Skils
Excellent research skills

Detail oriented

Meticulous attention to detail
Excel spreadsheets

Strong problem solver

Hun resource laws knowledge

Data collection and analysis © Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
© Database management
Amilytical thinker * Strong communicator
; * Report analysis
ele ie cna ag * Employee training and developmentBusiness process improvement
Perk , sales Ca eoccreminincsriaiecy
ed « Articultte and wel-spoken
5 © Strong problemsolver
a lead © Works well under pressure
Good written communication

Exceptional commumication skills
Strong presentation skills

RStre lies eceaial dll

Accomplishments

© Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice, Emphasis in Legal Studies, Cum Laude, 3.63 GPA

© May 1999. Member of the Goklen Key National Honor Society

* Associates Degree in Liberal Arts, 4.0 GPA. Member of Phi Theta Kappa Intermtional Honor Society, Member of the Golden Key
INEiCel bs nomiee asa

© 4.0 GPA, Member of the Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society

schivor anes
Qn nee Decsn oma Ornc e@ incl e RHO ucriteicmlinei@maalie

* Hore-based Support the development and delivery of key performance indicators and metrics and the provision of them on a monthly
ye

Create dashboards using Oracle Business Intelligence Tools

Create reports using Oracle Answers to produce monthly metrics.

Build eRoom databases for tracking critical document package reviews. Responsible for exporting databases and providing monthly
dashboard analysis.

Provide support for reviews of financial and operational performance through the provision and analysis of data from ICON's systems.

sipateniy
March 2008 to February 2013 Executive Management Assistant

Work closely with the Global Director, Study Start Up Leads to support global consistency, focus and development across the SSU Lead

* Design presentation Tools using Excel and Powerpoint. Modify tools based on sponsor needs. Conduct training sessions globally on how to

use tools and present data. Executive Management Assistant- 03/08 to 02/13
© Created multiple databases across many eRooms for the purposes of tracking, analyzing and reporting quality issues, governance
compliance, sponsor feedback, audit findings and responses.
Responsible for pulling data fiom CTMS and Planview via Business Objects and OMR, analyzing and presenting results to Sr. Mgmt.
Assist with report generation and preparation for Sponsor audits.
