PROPOSAL COORDINATOR
schivor anes
Proposal Coordinator 03/2013 to 07/2014 Company Name City , State

© Prepare, coordinate, manage and revise maintenance and modification proposals for the Regional Sales Managers for the domestic and
international network of Bombardier Aircraft Services facilities.

© Coordinate scheduling with Bombardier Aircraft Services facility planning and Special Programs out of Montreal.

© Solicit requests for quote for paint and interior repairs and modifications with intemal BAS departments and external vendors.

Regional Sales Manager 10/2007 to 03/2013 Company Name City , State

© Manage, assist and maintain Bombardier wide-body and narrow-body aircraft operators in Texas and surrounding states.

© Operator management includes maintenance scheduling, maintenance proposal; presentation and negotiations of proposals, schedule and
terms & conditions,

Assist operators with AOG; Scheduled and unscheduled maintenance events; Invoicing, parts and warranty issues; Airframe and avionic
modifications; Interiors and Paint and AD/Service Bulktin compliance.

Maintain and build operator relationships through Amazing Customer Experience program, face-to-face visits and exceptional customer
service and support.

In 2012, I was the Top Regional Sales Manager in Sales, Customer Satisfaction and Proposal Satisfaction categories.

Senior MRO Sales Manager 10/2005 to 06/2007 Company Name City , State

© Performsales and marketing of aircraft heavy maintenance, modifications, structural & composite component repair, and line maintenance to
the Cargo, Charter, Commercial and Regional Aviation industries in the domestic and international markets.

* Prepared, proposed and negotiated aircraft heavy maintenance, structural & composite component repair and line maintenance proposal
Bineenin acy

Senior APU Product Line Representative 10/2005 to 05/2006 Company Name City , State

Perform day-to-day operations management of the APU Product Line in the Chromalloy Power Services facility.

Accountable for Profit & Loss.

Provided on-site aftermarket sales and marketing and engine overhaul management.

Performed all purchasing fimctions including: Customer and vendor RFQ's; Customer and vendor pricing negotiations; Vendor search and
selection and Purchase order execution.

Other duties include FAA/EASA conformance and quality fimctions; Customer satisfaction and on-time delivery; Repair order and warranty
administration and Contract management and administration.

President/ General Manager 04/1999 to 10/2005 Company Name City , State

© Manage all accounting, corporate, financial, FAA/EASA conformance and shop management fimctions ofa FAA/EASA approved engine
and engine component repair, overhaul and modification shop.

Serviced the Airline, Cargo, Charter, Corporate and General Aviation industries in the US and International markets.

Managed 14 direct office and shop personnel.

Accountable for Profit & Loss, budget adherence, schedule adherence and customer satisfaction.

Diversified company into multi-faceted aviation services provider.

Regional Sales Manager 05/1997 to 04/1999 Company Narre City , State

© Performaftermarket aircraft parts, avionics and engine component sales and marketing, customer service and support and new customer
development in the Cargo, Charter, Commercial, Corporate and Regional Aviation industries.

© Prepared, proposed and negotiated all aircraft and engine component RFQ requirements.

© Coordinated proposal efforts with estimating, engineering, planning, production control and contracts.

© Primary account responsibilities were Northwest Airlines, Sun Country Airlines, Champion Air, Mesaba Airlines, Midwest Airlines and
A Sumi L em

Watesynam PP em COMO ED Crm Oconee sitar ek Os mmc Co

© Performaircraft heavy maintenance sales, marketing, customer relations, new customer development, forecasting and account management
in the Cargo, Charter, Commercial, Corporate and Regional Aviation industries.

© Prepared, proposed and negotiated aircraft maintenance, aging aircraft maintenance, avionics upgrades and paint proposals.

© Coordinated proposal efforts with estimating, engineering, production control and contracts.

© Primary account responsibilities were Polar Air Cargo, Evergreen Airlines, Sun Country Airlines, United Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Mahalo
Peet svat

Sales Engineer 06/1989 to 08/1993 Company Name City , State

© PerformOEM Imear and rotary electro-mechanical actuation systems sales and marketing, account managerrent, customer service and
support and program management in the Aerospace, Aviation and DOD industries.
