AGENCY SALES RESOURCES

Summary

Seeking to secure a position with a well established company that prides in the growth of its employees. With the ability to showcase versatile
knowledge in auxiliary mechanic I hope to build a lasting partnership with whom gain employment.

Skills

2011 - 2012 2014

Regular care coordinator

I Woeterl retary canta enenimitencine

Perform personal care activities; hygiene, ambulation, eating, dressing, toileting and shaving

WEL Situs bu ero nm ORs couomn ep oclalel econ recL een esetiib ey

Take and record vital signs

Assist with moving to Bath, bed, and wheelchairs

Take care of pets

Tee CON EI Oalau ag

Medical Case Management - Fort Worth, TX - 2009 to 2011

Maintain and set up patient rooms

Perform preventive maintenance on emergency equipment

COOaWipineraeiecliy imac ren te

Assist RN. and L.V.N with sterile and non-sterile dressing changes

CPR Qualified

Answer multi-line phone, operate fax and copy machine

Prioritize patient daily care according to acuity and scheduled patient procedures Conduct analysis and recommend suitable solutions to
real time performance issues (4 years), Handle

inbound calls and provide one-call resolution to problems reported (2 years), Responded to client calls and
provided instructions for troubleshooting (2 years), Provided technical and analytical support at the call
center (1 year), Proficient in MS Excel, word and various database management applications

Proven ability

to arn and operate software applications quickly (8 years), Analytics (1 year), Problem Resolution (Less
than I year)

Accomplishments

Cyn MUCeosuen nM eeu Nemec R crenicmini Mian ral om O Ora liielteMmsonon ye inuimsit tL Ole
Range Subject Control (CRSC) Techniques ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The machinist deals with a series of different operations
associated with machining work.

© Itrequires good training and skills to handle these tasks and hence, while writing a resume cover keiter for the machinist position, you have to
highlight your skills and expertise in handling advanced machines and technology, your keen interest in leaming new technological inputs,
pice esc ell kont ana nsta om

schivor anes
FN UT ee een ceecmEl Ml WAC k@nnien’
Company Name i City , State

Agency Saks Resources - Provide support to State Farm agents and their staff, and to other State Farm associates .

Providing a remarkable customer experience.

Communicating with customers ina courteous manner using approved scripts via phone or written correspondence Provide accurate and
timely customer service to external and intemal customers, Provide centralized service to field leaders and agents.

© Answer inbound calls, determine purpose of caller and distribute to appropriate personnel

© Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook,.

Personal Care Assistant Jan 2017 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Assist patients with daily activities, feeding, and personal hygiene.
¢ Administration of medications, companionship.

Captioning Agent Jum 2016 to Dec 2016
Company Name i City , State

Caption Telecommunications connections, IVR, Web Communications for the Deafand Hearing Impaired.
Customer Service Representative, Troubleshooting technical problems; create problem reports.

Ability to multitask to accomplish workload efficiently using analytical skills.

FAs iia en ianenlibeaneta cree yccubecen ene nie

Technical and Oral communication skills.

Problem solving skils.

Attention to detail and accuracy.
