STUDENT ATTORNEY - CRIMINAL DEFENSE
Summary
Recent law school graduate, excited to begin my new career, offering skill in innovative problem solving and finding unique theories, ideas and
Roe Race Colona Came en emo crtuucecs waar erantenniincd kar acccw\

PerelcGucne nas cer AUP Dea B RR cee kere me nicieline Cp emecegeen sl oat emasniety ache sic cues
RBs eeeeo ecm C Nema nied ne Leeenes ace tluneg hv ben ec HLeiom Cente mriirayncebteditn op urbe ering (cua Hl cc
pride in providing exemplary custonrr service.

ieenten

© Chins file management processes © Experience negotiating health insurance liens

Cee Gitelvebisiscamung CES Moveeaicon even) celia

© Strong interpersonal and communication skillsA ¢ Strong insurance defense/personal injury background
Ce contersbrocetae Professional and personabk

Accomplishments

© Eamed opportunity to apply for an intemship with a Professor who is a sitting U.S. District Magistrate Judge due to receiving one of the
highest grades in his Advanced Legal Writing class. 7

Recommended to apply for a law clerk position with the Court of Criminal Appeals.A

Awarded highest file quality score for the region as a first year team kader.

Nominated and selected among thousands of employees to travel to Corporate Headquarters and meet with the CEO and Head of Chims
to understand company culture and process as acknowledgment for contributions to my region.

Held position as one of 6 Claims Specialist Leads in Texas Consistently performed at a high meets to exceeds vel in all areas to include file
quality, accuracy, efficiency and work environment Sekcted by supervisor to assist with file closures; resolve complex chim processing
issucs; participate in commercial reserves analysis; monitor chim status ina mentor capacity to other teammates.

Experience
Student Attomey - Criminal Defense Aug 2015 to May 2016
Company Name 1% City , State

© Offered extensive case status explanations to each client. Advised clients of their rights.
Exphined the legal process to each client and answered questions to help ease concerns.
¢ Conducted legal research and facts investigation for case litigation.

Drafted necessary motions relevant to each case.

CMe oar aes Rncce(@uiemuodrmiccesibatet|

© Worked ona high profile writ for habeas corpus

© Negotiated plea deals with prosecutor

Chims Specialist Lead Jan 2008 to Jul 2015
COO HINA NNER OSI!

© Managed files in litigation and worked closely with defense counsel to develop strategy to bring cases to resolution.

¢ Attended, negotiated and resolved close to 100 features in mediation.

© Handkd serious and complex chims by investigating, analyzing, and detennining the extent of lability concerning loss of darmages through
attempts to aflect fair settlement with chimants and insureds.

Panes Lanse contu ainda sb kictia

© Entrusted with $75,000 in settlement authority.

Team Leader Aug 2004 to Jan 2006
Company Name 1" City , State

© Responsible for oversecing daily administration of chims work flow for my assigned team.

¢ Supervised, coached, and developed team to ensure quality outcomes and superior customer service.

© Monitored chins to ensure file quality is compliant with established standards.

¢ Maintained accountability for team performance.

¢ Mentored team menbers to Casualty promotion Explored alternatives to find innovative ways to leverage opportunities for team to improve
quality of work/life balance.

Chis Trainee Oct 2002 to Aug 2004
Company Name

¢ Mastered basic chims handling in a high demand atmosphere.

OI ace) oN Bers oreo ew ONCE ce RUe ihe Reon LeMBIEC Es LUe BUCO CLLAOB a sL MLO eCMm Ou bet Rats OlnpaKs

© ofthe repair process, repair quality assurance Casualty Adjuster- Compkted detailed review of medical records/ bills, negotiated
settkments with attomeys, monitored files for possible lawsuit potential.
