SOFTWARE SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Professional Summary

Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.

Skill Highlights
© Strong organizational skills * Telecommunication skills
© Energetic work attitude SP CCl ten etn g sind
© Telephone inquiries specialist © Active listening skills
© Customer service expert ¢ Sharp probkemsoher
Aug oanan at acs
Software Support Specialist

Company Name i City , State

© Evaluated system potential by testing compatibility of new programs with existing prograns.
© Maximized use of software by training users; interpreting instructions; answering questions.
© Maintained system capability by testing computer components.

Cer cocci meetin minlimecicl lve ke coeur em iaTce nu iiem

Sisal Puen encwaccee a1

Company Name i City , State

© Acquired and applies developing knowledge of products, services, and processes.
¢ Recognized life events, understands member's needs and provides advice in order to deliver appropriate solutions to the member.
© Handkd basic billing inquiries focusing on "One & Done" philosophy.

* Specific product knowledge includes Auto, Home, Renters, and Valuable Personal Property.

¢ Assisted members with their online account.

Admission Representative
Company Name i City , State

© Execute high volume of outbound phone calls.

* Contacted students with computer issues.

© Completed interview process with each prospective.
© Follow-up regularly with student until start of classes.
Associate

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Handkd inbound telephone inquiries from retirement plan participants.

Responded to client's requested for account maintenance and balance information.

I Ureecretminreslpictica(at elton

Offered appropriate products and services.

Provided appropriate education regarding a participant's retirerrent plan.

Wells Fargo Equity Direct - Customer Service Advocate Responded to comphints from customers regarding banking and financial
prodtxts.

Communicated with other departments to resolve customer issues.

Monitored all customer inquiries and complaints and assist in effective resolution of same.
(Keo mletRu Rao emi estore lie alte cabe irc acca nem

Prepared records and monitor results of customer and associate departrrents.

Srila Ryu ake queconamcanr occ

Business Developrent Representative
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Developed a sales training guide used during the training period for newly hired agents.
¢ Excelent oral and written communication skils.

© Successfil development and maintenance of positive customer relationships.
© Experienced database management and web content development.

¢ Responsible for annual range of $1-3M in net new business.

Branch Manager

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Trained administrative personnel and managers in loss prevention.
¢ Took measures for building precaution like alarm management and camera.
