RECREATION ACTIVITY COORDINATOR
Ritanerstag

To secure a position related to the personal care of clients hair, skin, and mails, and continue my education at the post secondary kevel towards
additional certifications and /or an advance degree.

Shaan

, Peaennanib eer i — © Hair coloring temporary semi permanent and permanent

© Make-up application . ‘ 5

; an Styling Techniques
: pena specialist Infection control sanitation procedures
Facial waxing

Cees reste : ; ; A

O ane dire * Permanent waving chemical relaxing

CS eceomlcantenoneantlt a Rn aR a
Accomplishments

Cea prceo oes eon Nied Las LMR CA UCB ene cee Renin eb e UnUes Cm

Experience
Recreation activity coordinator 03/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors. Assisted 10Helped prepare daily kesson plans for activities and

kessons. Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others.Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall
focus on the entire group.Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged. Wrote daily and weekly esson
plans. Implemented club rec and teen warchouseAdministered minor first aid to injured students. programs to encourage student participation.

Crabbe Ie uees seu eee m eate eed cen Coy
Billing & coding intem student 11/2011 to 122011 Company Name City , State

¢ Greeted clients and data entry. Thoroughily investigated past due invoices and minimized number of unpaid accounts.Recorded and filed
patient data and medical records. Strictly followed all federal and state guidelines for release of information. Wrote clear and detailed clinical
phone messages for physicians. Acquired insurance authorizations for procedures and tests ordered by the attending physician.Schedulked
pve aay yee ce

Guidance Counselor 02/2006 to 02/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Assisting in the schools guidance program by providing individual and/or small group instruction,
CRB VAlnnhnnesrcial bineevn sticisceBicee ce

Assisting school staff with pupils' discipline problems.

¢ Assisting with classroom instructional kaming and development.

Retail customer service 06/2010 to 03/2013 Company Nan City , State
¢ Retail Customer Service: Assisting throughout the store with answering the phone and resolving customer complaints, cash handling and
bya) Teoh aed
¢ Assisting with displays and processing damaged merchandise.

Helped custonrxrs select ana that best fit their personal needs. Maintained visually appealing and effective CIS for the entire store.Oflered
exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand.Collaborated with customer service team members to give
exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience.

Saks Representative 06/2006 to 10/2006 Company Nant City, State
© Responded to inquiries with genuine interest and concem.
¢ Accurately completed rental contracts and found acceptable resolutions to custorrer's problems or comphints.
¢ Identified and properly completed any computer entries and or paperwork required for rental retums.

Call Service Counselor 06/2006 to 01/2007 Company Name City , State

¢ Worked ina call center responding to membership questions about services and products offered.
© Dispatched tow service to stranded members.

¢ Verified membership, fees and services covered under membership.

© Upgraded membership and services for towing, auto and boat insurance.

Flight Attendant 04/2000 to 06/2006 Company Name City , State
© Customer Service Ticket Agent: Excellent decision making skills with a positive attitude.
