DIRECTOR

Executive Profile

Forward thinker with expertise in marketing, partner acquisition, contract negotiation, communications, project management, collaboration and
consensus building, combined with a Masters Degree in Business Administration.

Professional Experience

02/1999 to Current

DIRECTOR Company Name if City , State

* Currently kad key discounts initiatives involving technology, branding, marketing, strategy development and the evaluation of new member
benefit programs: Collaborate with clubs to ensure consensus on partner marketing, branding, technology eflorts, contract negotiations and
partner acquisition Actively lead club work teams including the Discounts Task Force, the Member Data Capture Team, the Member Offer
Database group and the Discounts and Rewards Re-Branding Team.

Develop and present topics to the Discounts Sub-Committee Led club discussions that resulted in an unprecedented association-wide
promotional commitment for discount partners Led staffefforts for the timely and successfill evaluation and selection of vendors for the
discounts technology solution Oversee the development of multi-channel program marketing material for club use, including social media
and other digital programs Provided thought leadership for the creation ofa new system that provides analytics and insights on partner
performance and marketing exposure Led sales acquisition efforts that resulted in the addition of numerous key brands to the Show Your
Card & Save program, including New York & Company, Target.com, DIRECTV, Dell, Circuit City and Best Buy Successfilly negotiated
new partner contracts and hunched new programs including AAA Prescription Savings, Target.com, Shell gasoline program, Payless, UPS
and Travel Money programs.

09/1997 to 02/1999
INTERNET DEVELOPMENT PROJECT MANAGER Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Promoted to position.

© Managed overall Intemet project and technical development of AAA.com functionality for online travel bookings, routings, travel material
requests and TourBook look-up.

© Managed staff of four developers and directed the work of Internet designers, content editors and technical writers in other departments.

© Delivered enhanced national web site application on time for testing Conducted focus groups to determine site usability and design
effectiveness Oversaw RFP process for selection of national Intemet Service Provider Evaluated intemet costs and developed
recommendations for club pricing Collaborated with business lines to develop specific approaches for integrating and deploying the Internet
Bonoserolas mercial

ea Crh aber]
ELECTRONIC PUBLISHING MANAGER Company Name ¥% City , State

* Responsible for all aspects of America Online (AOL) project and interim intemet project (AAA.com).

© Major accomplishments included: Managed the accelerated creative and technical development of AAA.com, using all in-house technical
and publishing resources Built strong working relationships with Intemet Development Committee members Managed development of
TourBook, zip code, AAA offices and dues, and Approved Auto Repair database search fimctionality Created content and promotional
programs for both online sites including two successful online contests which doubled site visits during promotional period Initiated
development of'a secure web site allowing credit card transactions and a more streamlined method of receiving online membership
applications.

07/1991 to 03/1996
MARKETING/ PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Company Name i’ City , State

© Performed various marketing and project management fimetions within Publishing area.

© Provided financialmarket feasibility analysis for potential business opportunities including an electronic travel kiosk and a multi-media
venture.

¢ Became Marketing Manager for the Publishing Division in January 1993.

© Developed club travel store program, a direct-to-member publications sakes test, club marketing prograrrs for retail publications.

© Served 18 months as program mamger for AAA's World Cup soccer national sponsorship.

© Oversaw club promotions, AAA product development, retail distribution and premium product sales/development to sponsors.

COASTER aE

VICE PRESIDENT BRANCH ADMINISTRATOR Company Nare 1% City , State

© Managed operations for seven branches with 45 employees and $184 million in deposits.
© Developed and managed a successfil plan to maintain existing customer base during period of government intervention.

10/1986 to 06/1990
AU (OIU NDS BUM O on cence AON am

SC ey CP ILO HE ETON MMH s NM RULE OM Lom cee TB nUtn Cee y
* Previously directed these fimetions for the bank's 20-office Daytona region.
¢ Managed a $750,000 marketing budget with a staff ofsix.
