CONTACT CENTER SPECIALIST
Summary
Accomplished and dedicated Customer Service and Administrative professional with over 10 years! experience in the nore profit, finance and
healthcare fields. Proven track record of buikling rapport and establishing lasting relationships with clients and patients. Reliable, trustworthy and
driven, with strong time management organizational abilities.

Highlights
© Healthcare Cae Steitceesicicrey
¢ Finance © Energetic work attitude
© Policy/account changes » Client relations development
* Service-oriented © Proactive problem solver
Accomplishments

Attained Top Performer at the GW Medical Faculty Associates status many times in the areas of call volume, attendance and punctuality, call
answering time and personal accommodations from patients and clients.A

ae

Exceeded the National Automobile Dealers Association incoming rollover goals by increasing company's assets in rollovers by 55%.

rN

schivor anes
OPES OBO)
Contact Center Specialist Company Name i City , State

Mo leceic lamer amccan meme EC eucke ice poe Hinum ren elece nila nemec uaa em LeB Lee p celles) eer Mne Ce Net Ret
appointment guidelines by department.

Answered high-volume patient and provider calls (average 90 - 160 calls daily) in a proficient and exemplary manner.

Processed requests submitted by clinical staffand team members inall applicable systems.
Napacimeraoutneneninlemrecnr naar rant Tanconcey

Managed calls in an organized manner, including trouble shooting issues and actively problem solving.

Svecessfillly tested the implementation of guided scheduling for the Department of Medicine Specialties.A

FOO RMT Meese renavnibctr tsp seancpercciunes WY

05/2011 to 11/2013
Plan Information Call Center Manager Company Name if City , State

Managed day-to-day operations of Call Center including training staff, management of daily tasks and special projects and department
arcs iia

Promoted client retention through exemplary customer service skills including onboarding new and conversion clients as well as serving as
point of contact for existing clients.

Supported and provided superior service to high volume call center via phones, e-muils and faxes as a receiver and caller; vectoring of
incoming calls to receive more sensitive and complicated client issues.

Provided telephone and web-based client training for plan administrators on new policies, procedures, and regulations.

Assisted the Plan Information and Senior Specialists with more difficult phone call inquiries; responsible for training new Plan Information
Bieisiatlome) reese

Proactively managed incoming rollovers into NADART from the first lead to successfil acquisition of assets.

Other positions held within association: Senior Plan Information Specialist and Compliance Analyst

OTR CRN eA0 8 |
Phan Administration Specialist Company Name i City , State

Adrinistered all aspects of NADART plans including preparing, verifying and posting employee and employer contributions, earnings and
oom

Communicated effectively with Plan Administrators to train on daily processing activities.

Assist with all inquiries by Plan Administrators over the phone and respond to all written correspondence.

Processed account reversals, commonly controlled transfers, affiliated transfers and evaluate and process rehired employees.

Provided administrative support assistance, ie.

ketters, reports, muilings, copies, proofreading, etc.

Used a comprehensive understanding of company policies, procedures, and operations in order to performa variety of administrative duties.

Education

September 2017

AS. Degree : Business Administration Southem New Hampshire University Business Administration National Honor Society/Leadership and
Success, Signa Alpha Pi

rN PAU

Currently working toward an Career Certificate in Medical Terminology Penn Foster Career School

Skills

10 key calculator, administrative duties, administrative support, Call Center, conversion, clients, customer service skills, documrntation, faxes,
