SECRETARY II

Summary

Energetic management professional with over seven years of experience in high-level executive support and accounting roles. Organized and
dedicated professional who excels at prioritizing and compketing multipke tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve all project goals.
Experience

Niortai le cose CRON MAe) Ll

Company Name i City , State

Served as the primary support channel to five sales executive in the Albuquerque East,.

Pre ar MCHC DUO HILc Rae ort Ocni MOM eR Niro Renin cree am

Created and maintamed computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records and reports.
Maintained 100% adherence to budget/finance goals, approved travel expenses, and reimbursement requests.

Pied ey cea eee wAia Crew
COee sateen YAO NACI HICd

Pap id onancceon acme ie cco Omit melee om cuncaneng Ola Cree ce oRi a bretcica Srna ots
year end due to better tracking of expenses and income.

Direct manager ofa staff of 3-15 employees Supervised all aspects of day-to-day business in the Dalks, TX office from employees to all

Coombe RYN Love lslaeslie omOcm ve commen eb nent em uiinineks alice selon B@eliicom

Peas eed nelle Eig nuace cB outs SOM ELE NCKC OUR Sar Une Pe Lae elem tikeo mec raneilce Tre Banana

Pe cistiscanunesteReoeduncg cee uanyis

Managed production schedules and order status reports for a network of over 30 franchise stores Point of contact for all escalated order

asec Bcohewe cars iumcoar ek ce tendon Mari Mn eBtans fuera at scm

Assisted in the design, implementation, and launch of four websites directed at positioning the company on the workiwide web to help

eon acm n nem nsltsiN

Managed all new product development and launch.

Served as primary point of contact for the design and functionality ofa custom proprietary inventory management software which boosted

cond na Conninngrestametices oma NAT rR scot he) eckson om

Marketing Director/Executive Assistant Jan 2003 to Oct 2007
Company Name it City , State

Pee Nese ets) som ie arranuneeimenlinemrelecctnceiecsl uml esl@ Lalas BinacctceenneeloaNa Sino Ne: OAL

SON enced preci e nice nae CRA eeeconaite cue curb kals oo rnaans ke lene
Clcereln cy

© Maintained all IT operations including any updates and demands from purchasing new equipment like desktops and laptops to maintaining
existing equipment from software updates to decommissioning obsolete equipment and disposal.

Teko Engincer/Upper Tier Escalations Jan 2002 to Jan 2003
COun tna Nea LONE] IC

© Consistently maintained 92% timely compketion on all circuit install escalations.
© Utilized provisioning/implermentation skills and background to aid in field completion scenarios to maintain a 90% close ratio ofall pending
eels be testane

Associate Relocation Consultant/Property Management Coordinator Jan 2001 to Jan 2002
Ceo tare LOSI

SEO ES oO Rok owe cco oat oey amccbie er ncimrsoncns man lcm enee ore darcy
edi emu cnoelh ne seelnau cence oe bresamiitcoranger cise

Associate to the Head of Ericsson Ekctronics relocation contract team using high multitasking to ensure all client/customer issues completed
to 100% satisfaction.

© Impkmented a new reporting system and computer database assuring all pertinent information is captured, as well as maintained and
assured compkte and accurate file and renter information for all properties managed and sod.

Assistant Commumity Sales Associate May 1998 to Sep 2001
Company Name i City , State

© Commumicated recommendations to the buikder of home phase construction.

© Created and maintained customer files and implemented a computer tracking system for status updates.

¢ Demonstrated homes, assisted with the selection of floor plans and options whik resolving customer service related issues.
© Maintained or exceeded 100% adherence to new home saks goak.

Education
Associate of Arts , Business Managenent 2010 University of Phoenix 1% City , State, USA 3.69 GPA
ASAI
