CUSTOMER RELATIONS SPECIALIST
Summary

SUR ne pees UE enmlmacmicditnecs omckonlimenge Keclowico naman cad cicSoniremen eat ell Nara
well as an opportunity for advancement and a competitive salary. I ama highly personable Call Center Representative with experience in Customer
Service, Collections, and Call Center Operations.

Accomplishments
Reached monthly saks goals on several occasions.

schivor anes
Oicoew oseeicmynce sia
REI pA OM eR Gara clan ti cht a OLN mECIT| Ce

* Provide Honda clients a resource to register concerns, comphints, and request for assistance as outlined in the owner's manual; ensure best
possibk outcome,

© Respond to Client questions and concems and provide solutions whenever possibk ina professional, helpfill, knowledgeable and timely
manner,

« Accurately capture and document client information to support Voice of the Client for executive reporting and program improvement.

Customer Service Representative I
April 2014 to October 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

© This Customer Service position receives and processes calls from customers, serves as the end-to-end point of contact for customers, and
resolves customer issues.

© Colkborates with a team of customer service representatives to meet overall call center objectives and enhance the customer service
fimction to exceed our customers’ expectations.

Customer Service Representative
August 2013 to January 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

* Received and made outbound calls regarding title loans.

¢ Assisted customers with mking payments, provided payoff quotes, granted extensions and due date changes.
© Exphined the loan contract and how simple interest loans work to customers.

© Provided excellent customer service.

(Oni C@eiee Kosecenniune
May 2012 to August 2013 Company Name 1 City , State

© Responded to high volume of inbound/outbound calls while providing customers with accurate account information.
© Process payments, transfer calls to the proper department, document each account accurately and in a timely matter.
© Provided excellent customer service.

Customer Service Representative
December 2010 to March 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

© Received inbound calls from customers with DirecTV satellite service and assist them with setting up orders to move their service to a new
Pere Lenten

* Assisted customers with paying their bills, account changes, tech support, billing questions, and provide general information about DirecTV.

CM Se) sboucllaceericay ccm Okun cen lm oreaeiiulel a ORreuri(e

Plone
March 2010 to December 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

© Dispatched service calls to internaVexternal service contractors for Starbucks Coffee Company in regards to servicing there coffee machines
when they break down or are not operational.

¢ Answered incoming calls from technicians, checking them ivout on service calls, approving site limit increases and following up with
Starbucks store managers to verify ifthe work has been compkted and the issue is resolved.

POllneditrecbedieCrulco nutcase ene Raita

Customer Care Rep
February 2009 to January 2010 Company Name i’ City , State

© Received a high volume of incoming phone calls and responded to inquiries ina manner which meets high quality, productivity and other
pasate meni De tcc

¢ Sell and upgrade company core products in accordance with company requirements and customer needs, save customers from
disconnecting services whenever possible.
