SERVICES ENGINEER
Summary
Seeking a challenging and exciting job ina growth oriented industry were my potential for hard work and skills will be filly utilized
schivor anes

Services Engineer

January 2007 to January 2010 Company Name

© Ekectrical items, for LEGRAND, HAVELLS, INDO ASIAN, From 2010 to march 2013 Job Function - Working as the Head General

Goods COSCHARIS Group, 1-7 COSCHARIS Street.

xen

Box 71268, Lagos (Nigeria) Ph: +234-8123 177630 COSCHARIS Group is the He started as a Teclmical for TVS Motorbikes.

was later moved to head our General Goods Division.

Our General Goods Division handles Motorbikes, air conditioners, television, the importation, Sales, distribution, servicing & repairs of

motorcycks, air conditioners, television Presently, I am working as their SERVICE CENTRE MANAGER.

« Myjob involves regular check up of the brand NEW BIKES before they are delivered to Customers.

Talso attend to each and every Bike which cones for Repair.

Preparing the Job-Card according the need of the CUSTOMER and according to condition Of the Bike are carried out systematically

Hielom ae lhoa as) oth

Since I am The In charge of Workshop, all the Repairs, Replacerrent of Spares, fixing of Parts, lathe work, vulcanizing work, electrical

work, wiring work, etc are in consultation with me.

I do the certification of work done in Workshop.

© Talso estimate the cost involved for Repairs, genuine Spares, accident vehicks estimation of restructuring, etc.

Talso give the Annual requirements of Spares Needed for Workshop, Spares Shops and regular Free Services as accepted by the

Company for the New Bikes are Conducted as per the norms and conditions hid by TVS MOTORS CO., of India.

Ninm Intermtional (U) LTD, Plot: 8,Bombo Road.

xen

¢ Box 6401, Kampala Uganda (East Affica) Ph: +256 714 124142 NIRMA INTERNATIONAL (U) LTD is the Authorized Deakers for
TVS Motorbikes in Uganda, East Affica.

© They have extended their operations in Rwanda & Burundi.

¢ They have a ful fledged Workshop, Service Centre, Sales Offices with Beautifi:l Showrooms with qualified people to handle each.

their SERVICE CENTRE MANAGER.
January 1994 to January 2007 Company Name

© Myjob then involved regular check up of the brand new bikes before they are delivered to Customers.

Talso attend to each and every Bike which comes for Repair, Preparing the Job-Card according to the need of the customers and the Bike
conditions are carried out systematically under my Supervision and since I am in charge of workshop, all the Repairs, Replacement of
Spares, fixing of parts, lathe work, vulcanizing work, electrical work, wiring work, etc are under my supervision.

I do the certification of work done in Workshop.

T also estimate the cost involved for Repairs, genuine Spares, accident vehicks and estimation for restructuring, etc.

Talso give the Annual requirements of Spare parts needed for Workshop, Regular Free Services as accepted by the Company for the New
Bikes are Conducted as per the norms and conditions hid by TVS MOTORS CO., of India.

Cer sen (ee

127/10.Bull Temple Road, Kempegowda Nagar, Bangalore: - 560019.

Ph: 080 26678266 / 080 26678229 The Well Known Brand of TWO-WHEELERS in INDIA, viz

Services Engineer
January 1990 to January 1994 Company Name

© As the Service Engineer, I worked in the Service Department of the Company looking after the Services before and affer the Sales of TVS
Company Motorbikes.

© Looked after the Saks of TVS Motorbikes in addition to Services.

© Besides, I was looking after the Spares of TVS Motorbikes.

© 080 26540474.

© Bharath Automobile Agency is the Authorized Dealer / Sales & Service Agency of the Well Known Brand of TWO-WHEELERS in
HN ERA

Customer Relations Officer
Company Name

* Looked affer the Sales & Services of TVS Motorcycks.
¢ Besides I was.

© Incharge of Clients Bikes Services before and after Sales.

© Looked after.

¢ Allthe Complaints and handled all the problem associated with the Bike.
© Clients compliance was my asset.
