ORGANIZATION DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

Executive Profile

Proven business Ieader with extensive consulting experience. Award winning Executive Coach with over 15 years of experience as an internal and
external Organization Development Consultant. Pragmntic, critical and creative thinker who works with Ieaders to meet business challenges while
increasing individual and organizational development. Exceptional ability to identify obstacles and implement processes that achieve targeted
esniicy

Professional Experience

January 2006 to Current

Company Name City , State ORGANIZATION DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

© Consulted with the CA Public Utility Commission (PUC) Executive Director and Senior Team to design and deliver an initiative to engage
800 employees in organization wide culture change.

© Work included interviewing executive staff designing and facilitating meetings, coaching executive stafl

© The cultural shift ftom hierarchical to participative enabled the PUC to compete in the de-regulated environment.

Designed and delivered, with a team of four consultants, an initiative to provide Appreciative Inquiry as an innovative method to improve all

aspects of service delivery to county residents.

The initiative culminated ina one-day conference for 400 Sacramento County employees in order to practice new skills.

Project teams established to lead the implerrentation of Appreciative Inquiry throughout the organization.

Ql eGo eO nani aom see ani Leccoy

Facilitated, with a team of 40 colleagues, controversial group discussions for NYC Citizen's Budget Commission planning session attended

by 600 participants.

Issues successfillly prioritized which set the stage for Commissioner's use in decision making for upcoming budget.

© Designed and implemented an innovative 8-week job search training program which increased placement by 20% for training organization,

RENT MAleC ROME aarAlliC
Company Name City , State STAFF LIAISON

¢ Established the County's first youth center by forging alliances between internal and extemal stakeholders.

© Improved performance of literacy program staff to manage more caseloads and increase client participation by providing leadership and
coaching,

¢ Transformed governance committee, in jeopardy of losing finding, into a successful operational team that met deadline and was awarded
finding,

January 2000 to January 2001
Company Name City , State ORGANIZATION DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

Developed and ked the organization's first Corporate Education Department by integrating and aligning four autonomous, underperforming
district offices resulting in improved training services to 6,000 person organization.

© Managers reported transfer of training to staff dramtically improved customer service.

© Improved delivery of training and increased use of training services throughout the organization by managing staffof21 training professionals
and instituting performance standards, assessment processes and peer coaching,

Increased quality of customer service by 45% through coaching cross-fimctional team to develop the dysfimctional culture to one that valued
olsleriuei tre Rcauclledm cst ena

January 1995 to January 2000
Company Name City , State ORGANIZATION DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

Coached CEO of bio tech start-up to change leadership style from controlling to collaborative resulting in the successfil restructure of his
(occur nrem (cartel

Developed a culture of involvement and responsibility resulting in FDA deadlines met and IPO successfully secured by consulting to senior
Pesto eRconrnentiinea care ce

© Increased keadership capabilities of Senior Team by coaching and consulting to Executive Team.

Team development included improved decision-making, strategic thinking and systems thinking resulting in reduced conflict throughout the
organization and increased retention of leadership team members.

January 1981 to January 1993
Company Name City , State CO-FOUNDER/VICE PRESIDENT

© Increased sales ftom $20,000 to $1.2 million in five years.
© Managed 15-20 remodeling projects annually for award-winning Design/Build residential remodeling business.

brairestbeny

Professional School of Psychology

(OH cem soalitnnen Oersca)

JFK University

State Management - Organizational Change and Leadership Master of Arts Managerrent - Organizational Change and Leadership
otis leu loneke g(a essa
