PICS) UCI
Career Overview

Mature and professional administrative assistant with over 8 years of experience secking an employment opportunity where my skills and versatility

Core Strengths
Ceca aed tear
© Tekconmumication skills

© Tekphone inquiries specialist i. Excellent bas ; ation ie 5

ir ae arene een y ed communication expertise

i i , Setanta Piette

© Good written communication ‘i ‘

apn eer CW cholielor cance mene)
Accomplishments

Customer Interface A

¢ Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.

Fran Oc ee AN
* Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.
Product Sales A

* Cross-sold services at a rate of 30%, upgrading customers to different plans and product packages.

Multi-tasking A

PERO C cree RV ROK ous one me Lenbeconnomiibcn ckercnn em) aud

Work Experience
Company Name City , State Recruiter 02/2012

© Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates
* Employed muttiple feedback mechanisms and analysis to continuously improve the recruiting process.
¢ Maintained an accurate candidate tracking system.

¢ .Contacted all job applicants to inform them of their application status.

Company Name City , State pastry decorator 10/2014 to 02/2015

¢ Diligently compkted all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Pee PectnuncvoPoriicikeruneetoanerna inenulpiedcekeatarenclt elim
¢ Customer Service Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

CRB roles Bicscclon carl cexiiiacan eam
¢ Maintained a steady, quick pace to beautifully decorate thousands of pastries a week.
CMe Ceehcdeyeticlbeis RalomUnerniicanuraineel Canter omeceicn

Company Name City , State Catering associate and specialty chef 10/2012 to 04/2013

SECON RISO CNA STM BLM a rae g cane

¢ Required excellent communication skill, sales and superb customer service.

© I prepared all the desserts for the restaurant every momiing as well as all the different party platters for the appropriate number of guests at
lrexeadand

PRO cee eB aneR nel Puecm eo munelancke moa

PW Eeece amici cco Lemuel ice ecorcs welts katate

© .Checked the quantity and quality of received products

Company Name City , State Automobile Salesperson 01/2008 to 01/2009

© Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals.
