SENIOR SPECIAL INVESTIGATOR
Summary

To work within a successfiil Special Investigation Unit and work effectively with others. I worked as a Sworn Police Officer for 10 years and have
been employed as a Sr. Special Investigator or Manager within the insurance industry for 30 years. When working with the insurance companies, I
have been in the Special Investigation Unit combating fraud and investigating questionable chims. When a claim is determined to be fraudulent or
have clerrents of fraud, I have filed numerous cases with the State's DOI Fraud Bureau and the appropriate counties District Attorney's Office. I
have also conducted numerous training sessions with the Insurance industry on how to recognize the 'red flags' of insurance fraud.

Highlights
© Insurance fraud expertise
¢ Database management ¢ Teampkyer
© Strong interpersonal and communication skills «Interviewing techniques
© Property chins © Decisive
© Workers' compensation chims © Critical thinker
Ce coe rat yeas’
Accomplishments

Earmed a Certified Insurance Fraud Investigator (CIFI) from the Intermtional Association of Special Investigation Units (ASIU)

Enmed a Senior Claims Law Associate Degree

rence won LOE antiKeBauicd

schivor anes
Senior Special Investigator
March 2004 to September 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Sr. Special Investigator in the SIU.

* Inthis position I conduct complex possible fraudulent insurance chins investigations for the Specialty Group of Great American.

© These chins are within their Workers Comp Unit, Liability Unit, Property Chins, Agriculture Chins, Equine Claims and Tractor-Trailer
Coston i

* Tamthe sole investigator in their Westem SIU Office, handling questionable insurance clims within the 14 Wester States.

¢ Affer the investigation has determined fraudulent activity, it is referred to the different states Dept of Insurance, Fraud Units and the Counties
District Attomey's office for firther investigation.

San} ceest 0 ectiesony
RET wAUeK Remote PAN ie @en scien Gti eR /Onb mye

* Inthis position I also conducted investigations into suspicious insurance claims relating to Bodily Injury Accidents, First Party Auto Theft,
Burghry, Vandalism, Property theft and ete.
© Talso referred to the CA DOI upon completion.

San} ceest 0 ectiesony
January 2002 to January 2003 Company Name i City , State

CSTliree ele ReCecauelbe ene: lee\ vem
© Talso would monitor out of the area investigations by Private Investigation Companies on Unitrin Insurance products.

San} ceest 0 ectiesony
January 1994 to January 2001 Company Name ¥% City , State

© I conducted complex insurance fraud investigations for USAA in the Orange County/Los Angeles Office.
¢ Sam job description as the above companies.

Supervising SIU Investigator
January 1987 to January 1993 Company Name ¥% City , State

© Iwas incharge of 3 & 4 different offices of the Special Investigation Unit for Continental Insurance.
© These offices were in Costa Mesa, CA, Pleasanton, CA, Tucson, AZ and Honolulu, HI.
¢ This included the supervision of 4-5 different investigators along with support staf

Investigator
