ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Experienced accounting professional with proficient, analytical and problem solving abilities. Results oriented and flexible in a rapidly changing
environment.

Skills

Microsoft Office Outlook

Accomplishments
© C?Mathmuax(0,dtc):c0;c.

schivor anes
ePUeS ORHAN e)
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

* Processed daily corporate customer payments using CDK and Rental payments using TSD.

e Ranmonthly customer staterrents.

© Responded to and followed up on customer inquiries.

® Processed daily cash journal entries.

© Responsible for runing monthly aging reports for the accounts payable department and stores.

10/2004 to 04/2015
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Processed and paid state, city and county tax returns.

erect mics meio ivan e aia lnte

Researched and responded to customer and the sales department inquiries.
Gb rene em Pace

Reconciled balance sheet accounts.

Processed monthly journal entries using Agate a specialized software.
Helped with month-end and year-end closings.

* Created various requested excel reports.

USPAU OR ORL T A200)
FXCat nea Elcom Aur NaN nL ALOIS MES HIe)

Supervised one staffaccountant.

Responsible for the timely balancing of two accounting systems.
Managed the reconciliation ofall balance sheet accounts.
Processed and paid the monthly state, county and city tax retums.
Accountable for the accounts payable area.

Developed and maintained various Excel spreadsheets.
Impknented and oversaw system enhancements.

TESS OR e000)
Accountant Company Nan i% City , State

Cie drececcotSrreninvpieanesleacl erase

* Reconciled all balance sheet accounts.

© Processed and paid monthly state, county and city tax returns.

© Researched and responded to customer inquiries regarding monthly staternents.
© Impkmented and tested accounting system conversion.

Education and Training

PSoe PN chem ouisbee ROO Uh Au quent LON mm

als

accountant, accounting systems, accounting system, accounts payabk, balance sheet, conversion, financial statements, Excel spreadsheets, excel,
Microsoft Office, Outlook, sales, tax returns, year-end
