CENTRALIZED ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT

Summary

Determined and proactiveA A dministrative Specialist A who works with a sense of urgency to anticipate the needs of senior-level executives.
BHntece HEB ACs sues miNyialen Renee ete

als
© Selfdirected
* Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint) * Meticulous attention
© Strong aptitude for Microsoft Excel including macros and pivot tables. Excellent Critical Thinking, Decision to detail
Making and Communication Skills © Understands
OM eons atresia eet
CR Coats elatu ating © Resourceful
© Strong probem
eg
schivor anes
Centralized Administrative Support Mar 2016 to Current
Company Name i City , State

CEU besMiiee Le UPEN CM NCeceed Cracow aTaulnea ls Prec hd HIP @ Os uUE CCR CE Otc w UCN Pua Lecce OB ibe tee
communication preparation, equipment, etc.

© Order supplies and equipment for leaders Follow protocol in handling confidential and sensitive information Run dashboard summary
reports for Sales Leader (e.g, territory data reports) Complete Marketplace Compliance process for fickd marketing promotions for Sales
Leader.

Data Entry Clerk Oct 2015 to Dee 2015
Company Name i City , State

Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.

Gloria bribe ves Ra contin a carow. WN

Used great attention to details skills to provide quick and accurate labor for a long-term assignment
Maintained data entry requirements by following data program techniques and procedures.

Tutor Counselor Jun 2015 to Jul 2015
Company Name i City , State

Used great attention to details skills to provide quick and accurate labor for a long-term assignmentA
Maintained data entry requirements by following data program techniques and procedures.

Created timeline and goals to complete assignments

Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.

Ei oun I OPEC nt sous] PSC Cw A NeeayAn HOR OBZ Nae
Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for direct customer serice, worksite direction, food preparation and sening, and creative direction for a catering company sercing a diverse
clientele and broad range of events with high guest counts (including mayoral inaugurations, class and familyreunions, weddings, retirement parties, etc.)

© Becutive assistance: Worked closely with business owner bymanaging events calendars, handle scheduling/ booking, directing team in owner's
absence, addressing customer concems, tracking employees hours, etc.

« Worksite assistance: Assisted in the setup of special event locations, loading and unloading equipment and supplies, establishing food stations and
&€cebehind-the-scenesa€ prep areas, and setting up guest areas and tables.

Education and Training
Health Education and General Science 2015 Jackson State University 1 City , State Health Education and General Science
als

Software: Salesforce.com, Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, Schedulmg appointments, Addressing customer concems, special
(Aer Ces] cen Una RAP IEer MC

pinay
Community service, Networking organization events

Poni Lewes oben)
2015 Magna cum laude graduate, Dean's List Scholar, Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society, Golden Key International Honour Society
