SR BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST

Career Overview
Motivated and customer-oriented Systems Analyst with strong Analytical and technical skill.
Qualifications

© Strong amalytical skills © Test planning and execution

¢ Project managenent ¢ Requirements gathering

¢ Strong collaborative skills PRN eon Kecaue opined

¢ Document management ¢ Systems impkimentation

Cee eb oneilice nce ce MMS N Co lsmuclt en)

Technical Skills

PeopkSoft HCM & Portal, PeopkeTools, PeopleSoft Query

SQL, Orack, Microsoft SQL Server

SharePoint, Windows NT, Windows 2003, Tenminal Server

MS Office - Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project, Publisher, Visio and Access

Rational Tool (SDT, RQM, Clear Case) , Document Management Systems(PDM & Documentum)
Kronos Workforce Central (WFC), Kronos Connect, ADP

A onacnaraned
SR BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST 12/2004 to Current Company Name City , State

Working with several large applications like PeopkSofi(7.5, 8.3 and 8.9 versions), Kronos, ADP PCPW (v.4 and v.5), Nextrak
Working with several relational database applications

Providing Support to specified customer base for HR IS applications ina timely, courteous and professional manner.

Interacting with interfcing applications for ADP and PeopkSoft

Working with business owners to elicit, define and maintain business requirements and transforming them into technical solutions.

I eseeeslel moma ee Ken cutbe Kea cia ace Oar ciikerc ies aetirenicele aiet aa

Facilitating the resolution of large, complex production system probkms by performing initial triage for severity and business impact of
application failures.

Acting as a liaison for HRIS application owners/Centers of excellence and Vendor managing these applications.

Pe Neots Someone hoedha ns areca cieniae Met omynoularmiiceb eres cene Reo ouce erected)

the vendor change request process.

Partnered and consulted with HR COEs and BPO to compkte the change control process and presented business requirements for
approval. Ako reviewed technical specifications to ensure all requirements submitted were being met.

Ensuring that SLAs and Quality Compliance across all applicable applications.

Responsible for identifying and review of downstream impacts across ongoing BSC initiatives.

Supporting security processes and policies for BSC ie. data privacy, SOX, Audit etc..

Acting as an Internal Liaison for interfacing applications.

Leading departrrent small to medium projects in accordance to the guidelines of the Global System Methodology(GSM) standards.
Prepared and presented project status updates to various stake hoKler including core team members and project leadership or sponsors.
Communicates user requirements to development teams.

DATA Wis sop temic nected

HRIS kad for several acquisition project including requirements gathering and integration into core HRIS systems. In addition provided
support to interfacing application to ensure their integration was successfull too. Partnered with IS and HR to develop and enhance tools that
Bidva wed qvarseaemie liner ee tic LOice

Mentoring/Coaching other Analysts to enhance team performance and ensure success in projects and areas of support.

BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST I/II 01/2003 to 12/2004 Company Narre City , State

Lead BA for the ADP, Kronos and Nextrak applications.

Provided technical support for several de-centralied ADP Applications and Databases.

Responsible for Level I and II technical issues

Responsibke for escalation and issue management with the ADP and Payroll Vendors.

Mila comin Brrenionecheree cummin eiraye cence

Prepared and maintained documentation pertaining to Systems operation and user documentation.

Identifies, researches and resolves areas of improvement by working with the users, operations and development team
Involved in various projects of Application development and events from kickoff to product going live.

HRIS CUSTOMER SERVICE SPECIALIST/ HRIS SPECIALIST 01/2001 to 01/2003 Company Name City , State

Responsibke for the delivery of technical and fimetional HR, Payroll and intranet applications support and services to the BSC internal
TSOP OBR C0) 2) cle) AN DARN (ols) HLA Gc OAC Com

Tracked and monitored problems to the Support Center to insure a timely resolution.

Prepared and maintained documentation pertaining to Systems operation and user documentation.
