DATASTAGE ETL DEVELOPER
Summary

Thave 6 years of ETL experience and extensive experience in business and system analysis across multiple platforms using the full software
development life cycle. I have worked in the role of Data Warehouse Specialist, ETL Datastage developer and Production Support Analyst
requiring subject matter expertise when dealing with mainframe sources with COBOL/ASCII File structure ,Distributed sources (RDBMS) and
handling business intelligence data with DB2, Netezaa, Oracle, SQL Server and Hadoop Hive Data Warehouses . A I have worked on developing
and supporting major Banking Credit card conversion and Member Debt solutions project for Unites Services Automobile Association. These
projects involved Requirement analysis, Risk assessment and management, Data planning and driving, Process Implementation, Team
mmnagenent, Project tracking, Customer interaction, Release Managerrent, Defect tracking, Deliverable and Warranty support. Over this period,
Thave established an exemplary record of providing successfil system support and delivering business value for mid-level to large business
intelligence applications. I have demonstrated excellent leadership skills in handling multiple offShore, nearshore project assignments with multiple
resources and have delivered all requirements on time.

alg

© Expertise in IBM Datastage (8.5,9.1 and 11.5 versions) to perform ETL & ELT operations on data
© Proficiency in Unix Shell Scripting

* Proficiency in writing and debugging A complex SQL

¢ Informatica ETL Support experience (Version 9.1)

© Hands on experience on IBM DB2 /Netezza/ SQL Server/Oracle

¢ Data archival into IBM BIGINSIGHTS with HIVE tables

© Experience in Contro-M Scheduling Tool

Accomplishments

© IBM Certified Solution Developer-InfoSphere eT aL eM
© IBM Certified Solution Developer-InfoSphere Datastage v9.1A
© Certified in Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundanentak I.

schivor anes

DATASTAGE ETL DEVELOPER Jan 2016 to Current

Company Name i City , State

MEMBER DEBT SOLUTIONS PROJECT

Project involved the conversion of un-scalable SQL sandbox data into scalabk Netezza Collections data capable of doing large scale analytics.A

© Developed Datastage Jobs to load Collections data from multiple sources Aspect,CACS, Strata, FICO, Fidelity and FDR to the respective

Dimensions and Fact tables with required business transformations.

Involved in all phases of SDLC, created detailed Analysis-Design docurrents with source to target mappings.

Developed and maintained accurate project documentation and data model diagrams to provide managerrent with proper understanding of

organizational needs.

© Prepared technical data flow proposals for enhancements and integration of existing third-party data. Communicated with business users and
project management to get business requirements and translate to ETL/ELT specifications.

* Provided technical support to both business team and user departments for all projects.

© HandkdA muttipk offshore, nearshore resources during the project and delivered all requirements on time.

erg
BIGINSIGHTS DATA ARCHIVAL

* Asa part of raw data archival I had worked ina project developing a framework to load all raw files into foundation hyer. Coding was
done on Unix Shell Scripting. All data were loaded into foundation yer with a BIGSQL compatible Hive tables built on top of it. The
Hadoop data is read through Hive query language and is being used for discovery purpose.

Hck
DATASTAGE 11.5 MIGRATION PROJECTA.

CP AN cea birucies Panes Une ON cp lore aa ante ROW oni) roce oneal eh cataaa Zante}
11.5. My primary task was to gather migration requirements, design topology/phaybook, test jobs in QA server ver 11.5 and production
implementation/support.

DATASTAGE ETL DEVELOPER Feb 2013 to Jan 2016

Company Name i City , State

CREDIT CARD CONVERSION PROJECT

Large project to integrate the single entity credit cards to dual entity credit cards. This migration enabled a cross-border portfolio view for all credit
card applications and enabled maintaining same phastic number across history for analytics usage.

* Developed Datastage jobs to do ETL transformations with the requirement provided and load respective Dimensions and Fact tabkes.
¢ Lead Offshore team throughout the project and created detailed and accurate project documentation.
