CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Core Strengths
eee PEcoonccmukoeniiasccce tien)
aii anak pia © Energetic work attitude
Sa a Store maintenance ability
ey saks ated * Telephone inquiries specialist
¢ Adaptive team phyer ar ae arene epee
Career Overview

Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 10 year client interface

experience. Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer

satisfaction and contribute to company success. Customer advocate Excellent communication skills Conflict resolution proficiency Inventory
control Devoted to data integrity Cash handling accuracy Strong problem solving ability Banking and financial services Strong communication skills
background Detail-oriented

Accomplishments

* Customer service expert Strong organizational skills Markdown/promotional procedures banking and financial services background
Seasoned in conflict resolution Detail-oriented Strong communication skills.

Accomplishments Customer Service Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

Product Sales Cross-sokd services at a rate of 30%, upgrading customers to different plans and product packages.

Customer Interface Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

FCO CCR Oe ERC LCR PO Les eT OR Ea riba MOUs COM LeeLee Lee ceake

Multi-tasking Cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow.

Aug oanan at acs
Customer Service Representative
March 2011 to Current Company Name i City , State

* Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, retums and exchanges. Prevented store losses using awareness,
attention to detail and integrity. Excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.Cross-trained and provided back-up for other
customer service representatives when needed. Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance Interacted with
customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses and expedited orders.

Administrative Assistant
January 2009 to Current Company Name i’ City , State

© Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. Drafted
meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow- up for meetings and team conferences. Designed electronic file systems
and mintained electronic and paper files. Handled all media and public relations inquiries. Planned meetings and prepared conférence
rooms. Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.Made copies, sent faxes and handled all mcoming and outgoing
correspondenceOrganized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.Created weekly and monthly reports and
presentations.Received and distributed faxes and mail ina timely manner.

Licensed Insurance Agent
March 2007 to December 2007 Company Name 1% City , State

© Interviewed prospective clients to leam about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage. Promoted agency products to
customers in person, on the telephone and in writing Prepared necessary paperwork to process insurance sakes and renewals. Followed up
with potential clients regarding on line information requests. Developed life insurance and commercial insurance leads to meet monthly sakes
targets. Finalized and maintained all types of personal lines insurance policies within the agency.Promoted client retention through high-quality
service and follow through.

I eecelis Becta
April 2006 to March 2007 Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Established new customer accounts including checking, savings, lines of credit and Joans.Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault
inventory with a zero error rate.Supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed. Maintained a Researched beneficial investment
opportunities and made recommendations to senior management.30% client retention rate by suggesting strategic investment plans based on
fixed income and equity investing report evaluations. Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.
