CLAIMS SERVICE MANGER
Professional Summary
Service-oriented based A who delivers high quality customer service by Beeb aiy assessing client needs and recommending the most usefill
policies and products. A Excellent investigation and attention to detail skills.A
Skills
© Property insurance
© Report developnent
© Critical thinking
© Project planning
PO ee eatin nog Adit

Work History
05/2014 to Current
Chins Service Manger Company Name 4€“ City , State

11/2005 to 10/2008
Associate Chins Adjuster Company Name a€“ City , State
04/2012 to 05/2014
(OAC sl Aor com | EGe le scl aN i ee Oat ONAN HIe)

Investigates, evaluates, negotiates and adjusts moderately compkx auto chins presented by or against our insured to confirm coverage,

Determine legal liability and equitably settle/defend in compliance with all state regulatory requirements.

© Works under limited supervision to Perform work assignments and problem resolution,

© Recognizes life events, understands member's needs and provides advice in order to Deliver appropriate solutions to members.

* Accomplishments Provides AUTO/CASUALTY chins service via intemal channels (phone/emuil/fax/maiVother electronic channel) to
members and third-party customers.

Circles ecCacemueln sects aticm

Severity of chims includes soft tissue losses involving neck injury, back injury, and PIP/Med Pay.

Acquires and applies intermediate knowledge of P&C insurance industry products, services, and processes to include P&C insurance

policy contracts and coverages, and USAA chim handling process and procedures.

Collaborates with team members to resolve issues and to identify appropriate issues for escalation.

Partners and/or directs vendors and intemal business partners to facilitate chims resolution.

Contributes to business goals, performance metrics and effectively uses tools & technology.

Supports workload surges and/or Catastrophe Operations as needed to include working significant overtime during designated CATs.

© USAA Intermal Catastrophe Unit- Property Hurricane Katrina Hurricane Irene Super Storm Sandy.

UPAU Enh ede te}
Auto Adjuster Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Investigate, adjust and settle, complex auto, mobile hore, boat, and motorcycle claims Maintained diary management for field inspections
Completed inspection appointments within the CAT database Triaged darmge for proper handing Schedule tow appointments and salvage
appointments for customers Issued payments for proper closing Set up hard fiks for proper documentation and storing.

07/2001 to 12/2004
Chim Representative Company Name a€“ City , State

Investigate, adjust, and pay chims ina call center environment.

Consistently provide and demonstrate superior customer service.

Handk and process calls ina detailed and accurate manner.

Complete coverage investigations to ensure proper coverage and limits applied Interpret policy information to provide coverage for glass
darmage Take recorded statements Adjust and determine liability Negotiate with glass shops and vendors in order to obtain a fair and
reasonable price.

04/2001 to 10/2008

Associate Chins Adjuster-Settle Loss Company Name a€“ City , State
De PAU Lt edith)

Inmediate Response Unit Representative Company Name a€“ City , State
brairestbeny

feTsvang

Master of Science : Criminal Justice

Sul Ross State University - City , State

sw E

BA : Criminal Justice Sociology

Our Lady of the Lake University -

Criminal Justice Sociology
