TAX EXAMINING CLERK
Summary

Driven chim specialist bringing 10 years experience in the fick of insurance with an emphasis on automobik chins.Trained in all aspects of
insurance property and liability chims. Employs high-level negotiation skills in resolving chins to the satisfaction ofall involved parties. Analytical
thinker and innovative problem solver.

Perentens

* Property and lability claims adjusting
© Thorough in critical thinking

Proficient i math, computer skills and Excel, Word and Access programs
Effective interpersonal, listening and communication skills

© Analyze probkrns and develop favorable solutions Wis aks asta Bere ore ltra3)
Caebivebriaiiucneneremeeeaiizcalcot) atrial nee) cl
schivor anes
Company Name January 2013 to June 2015 Tax Examining Clerk
lena El CG

Adjust tax liability onl 040X amended retums.

Take corrective actions to process and close a case, such as adjusting taxpayer's account, penalties or credits, and computing tax lability.
Research pertinent tax data through IDRS, databases, accounting records and available relevant systems.

Assign case referrals requiring firther examination per the tax code.

Recognize indications of tax fraud.

Process statute and potential statute cases, and ensure that all statutes are correct.

Recognize problemareas with reference mnterial and offer solutions.

Maintain a fully successfillly evel processing over 11.2 documents per hour with virtually a 100% accuracy rate,

Company Name September 1997 to December 2010 Business Owner/Mamger
lena El CG

Managed the operational activities ofa dairy distribution business.

Maximized company revenue by creating databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory control and cost-and-risk analysis.
Maintained account plans for 100 customer accounts.

Ho rehcckcotiecitenal ear ameeniiina aces omens oeraeene Ruane oie

Maintained high levels of customer satisfaction through offering after-hour deliveries and preserving positive customer rapport.
Identified key growth opportunities for the business through expansion of our product line and delivery area.

Leveraged knowledge of customers and market trends to successfully market our suppliers' products.

Coordinated Customer and Vendor orders.

Prepared procedural material for employees.

Wrote correspondence for business proposals and collection.

Renegotiated payment terms with dozens of suppliers.

A oriretkan ee dicot ceed bls irechiowe wemineE er bane bad es] a once

Cakuhted figures such as discounts and credits.

Suggested process improverrents to secure prompt and regular receipts for the company.

Deposited third party checks, as well as monthly reserve transfers.

Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.

NYo Dost) cameo nace

Conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances.

Communicated with customers via phone, email and in person to obtain payments on outstanding accounts.

Company Name September 1990 to February 2000 Chim Specialist
lena El CG

Process first and third-party auto lability and property dannge chims in accordance with laws, regulations and policies.
Reduced loss ratios through fair and prompt processing of chins.

Identified and collected evidence and determined its value to a specific chim.

Interviewed chimnts, witnesses, medical and vehicle specialists, and law enforcement to determine pertinent chim information.
Gathered detailed information and completed field investigations.

Coordinated with attomeys and testified at criminal proceedings.

[vreraeckea siete keine ceiemicieeeh oe

PMs nes bco cbmc sccm

Obtained all necessary information to complete proper evaluation of property and injury chims.

Contacted injured parties and legal representatives to negotiate final settlements for chins.

Communicated with insured and chimants to exphin computations.

Interpret policy and exphin appropriate coverages to insureds and claimants.
