TT MANAGER

Summary
TT Product Manager bringing 13 years in IT project management. Skilled in installation, configuration, migration and implementation of server
peyton
Highlights
CM Sitose reel sioetts * Certified Information Security Manager
* Consumer software specialist © Selfdirected
© Project tracking * Budgeting and resource mamgement
CU scl cnle eco iclemloueltchs) ss a a OLE mera vemeesbamiinetel ec}
* Product requirements documentation * Collaborative
Accomplishments
Reduced the incidence of IT issues by 95% globally by leading a testing initiative improvement progam
schivor anes
PURER @avas

SUM olcca@erecneNri ALON mei HIcl

Systems Administrator 40 Hrs/Week Administer Windows 2003 Server, Windows 2003 Exchange server, R6000 IBM UNIX Server.
Administered Nortel Meridian PBX Phone System add/removing accounts.

Provided hardware and software support for intemal & remote users.

Configured and monitor network security (watch guard firewall) Troubleshooting network and printer connectivity issues, install network
cabling, and phone jacks.

© Purchase company equipment (computers, printer, and telephones).

Cee uiciiearOeranmicamenercl oem

TAU ek ner sub
System Support Technician Company Name i City , State

* Troubleshoot connectivity and circuit errors on AT&T Frame Relay / ATM network.

© Processed customer services order, interacting with field technician, and managing corporate accounts.
© Build private network connections from AT&T domestic office to remote locations internationally.

Ce Mee ince ete Manes eaheRechaliee Om iste Le Ce loentle tice

CEN rer emeoniint cet Paoli obeg ae ionmn awa M Ny larliee etme Kets

Tad ek ney e.0b 74
Mee naci noes) reuse Oe Siva Nt Ry ONb MESSI

© Open and track problem tickets to resolution Provided Second level propriety application/system support to internal and external
OTN ie

© Monitor server performance for network connectivity.

© Install and configure software upgrades, PC, and Laptop support.

* Maintain, monitor, and compkte all service docurentation for account performance.

© Participate with management in defining, developing, and executing plans to accomplish support objectives.

eee oe de)

Network Support Technician Company Name 14 City , State

© Provided system support for Windows NT workstation which included system upgrades, configuration changes, and remote desktop
Shue

¢ Provided user training on software applications Microsoft Office suites 95-2000, and Lotus Suites97.

* Managed and tested Ghost itmges to be used as standard loads for all newly deployed phtfonrs.

05/1999 to 06/1999
System Support Technician Company Name i City , State

© 40 Hrs/Week Install, configure, and support for Win 95/98 clients on Novell 5.0 & NT 2000 platforms using ghost software to perform
system rebuild on all systems throughout the network Upgraded and installed desktop, laptops, and server with ram, hard drives, network
interface cards, video cards and CD ROMs Configure remote access to company LAN by external users, which required the installation
and configuration of moders, remote access software, and client Intranet service Novell Group Wise.

© Provide analysis of network structure and offer suggestion to increase system performance for maximum network efficiency.

08/1996 to 04/1999
Aire ePaCUsniectirs Om @e iim Oebr Scan AL OLS AMCI HI

* Provide training and support for various software applications to increase user productivity and network efficiency.
¢ Administer domain accounts and resolved network security issues.
© Upgraded and installed desktop, laptops, and server with ram, hard drives, network interface cards, video cards and CD ROMs Upgraded
