POLICY SERVICE SPECIALIST III

Professional Summary

Seeking the position of Chins Representative I, where my skill, experience, and assistance can be utilized for the success of the Enterprise and
MRM strategy. Summary of Qualifications Proven eflectiveness to negotiate and resolve comphints on an escalated level Knowledge of call center
mmnagement applications, industry standards/requirements, workforce management software, service quality assurance programs, and industry
best practices. Professional verbal and written communication skills Able to motivate a group of employees towards a desired result Knowledge of
Hun Resources (wage and hour, labor kw) Proficient in Microsoft Suite Strong kadership skills Succeed in fast paced, results driven
atmosphere Excellent organizational, time management, and multitasking skills Self-motivated and able to work well with frequently-shifting
priorities Expert knowledge in DMV, Automotive, CA, TX, and NM insurance, and Cains Reporting Proficient in Portal Insurance operating
systems: PRIME, HUON, Chins Portal, and PEPSC

Sail

a LAC Se cere roe bret ee ww Weert rererera ocr ice
A A A comphints onan escahted A A kevel A A AAHUON, Chins Portal, and A A PEPSCA

PRA cs orsimrarl Pitan P Weenie rere 11c Psa roncin EUs El) aoe Wi Rien site Ri pice nan ae

A Shifting priorities
INS wri non cree nee we
Ten aged cSt

Reet y rs A: Proficient in Microsoft SuiteA

at aT A: Succeed in fast paced, results A A driven atmosphere

Work History
Policy Service Specialist III November 2006 to June 2010
Company Name - City , State

© Provide World Class member service ina high volume call center.

© Continued education in Membership, California auto, collector car, home, assigned risk, and umbrella insurance, Texas and New Mexico
auto, home, and urbrelh insurance allowed me to service a multitude of members across three states.

Assist supervisors with call monitoring and peer coaching.

Co-Owner/Manager August 2005 to September 2006
Company Name - City , State

* Managed a staff of seven barbers and beauticians.

CD ircbediieetbicarqvnrom locimom iar leclLenmarnentiinnem

© Advertised and promoted of the salon through multiple mediuns.
* Built relationships with clients in an effort to gain loyalty.

Supervisor of the Call Center and the Travel Production Center May 2012 to December 2013
Company Name - City , State

© Colhboratively provide coaching and development to ensure continual education and enrichment while maintaining or enhancing self-esteem.
Zea E eats elke ener et a envoy mec ee OM UN ALOR CIE LEG co mcsTeSI HAUSE

Communicate with team members through individual and group meetings, encouraging employees to support business culture, embrace
changes, as well as current policies, procedures, objectives and goals.

Create an enviroment conducive to high employee satisfaction, development/growth, and retention whik maintaining respect and dignity for
BIR

© Empower agents in how to handle and resolve elevated member service issues.

© Managed a maximum of twenty-one agents at a time - coaching and developing Acquired the Travel Production Center (TPC) - currently
developing a taskforce from TPC, the MSC, and Marketing to implement permanent process improverments in all areas,

Proactively identify improvement opportunities in agent performance and recommendations to obstacles in the overall member interaction.

« Analysis of root cause factors driving member experience via monitoring for compliance of internal processes and procedures.

« Analyzing the effectiveness of call activity and behaviors, and interpreting the "voice of the member." Accomplishments

dfyaerh January 2005 to January 2006
Company Name - City , State

© Communicate and interact with insureds, banks, mortgagees, and lien hoklers. A

Creda arciemolcucka cepacia Ra carteccm ee Neneh cts wre W

* Re-underwrite policies in compliance with underwriting guidelines and to prevent premium eakage.
© Review policy contract with insureds.

« Answer insured questions regarding deductibles.

Education
