TECHNICAL EDUCATIONS LANGUAGES
Summary
QA-QC Lead in Subsea 7 (EPC Contractor) & working for Major Clients such as TOTAL / TECHNIP / Exxon / ADMA-OPCO (Abu Dhabi
National oil Company Group) Supplier Quality control lead in Various Automotive industries (Valeo, Leoni, Continental) & working for Major
Clients such as Renault, Peugeot, BMW, etc. Very Good experience in Project Management over all phases (design / Procurement / Onshore /
offshore) from the "start-up through completion" ofthe Work. Very Good Experience with QC Activities on Procurement stage of various vendors
(Buoyancy Foam, Connectors, chimps, structures, Valves, Flanges, pipelines, etc) Project Manager / QA_QC Lead 10 years relevant experience
in Oil & Gas/ Automotive Industries with Quality Management Background

Highlights

Windows 9X/NT/XP, MS Office, MS Outlook, MS project, Pascal, Catia v5

schivor anes

TECHNICAL EDUCATIONS LANGUAGES

Supplier Quality Manager Liaison Engineer CONTINENTAL Automobik 10/2009 to 04/2010

© PDCA, AMDEC, 8D analysis, Six Sigm method, KANBAN, Supplier quality Managenent, Quality Auditing, 5S, IS09001, ASME,

API, ASTM.

ore Em

2014 till now: Bureau Veritas Abu Dhabi (UAE) Project Manager of Umm Lulu project (ADMA-OPCO): Project Manager of Zakum

Ekectrification project (ADMA-OPCO) Managing several oil & Gas Projects for ADMA-OPCO (Abu Dhabi National oil Company

Group): Installation of wellhead towers, infield pipelines & super complex.

In charge of the duties of organizing, planning, work assignment, cost control and scheduling the "start-up through compktion" ofall activities

(structural, Decks, rigid/flexible pipelines, jacket installations, risers, etc.).

Key responsibilities are: Preparation of Technical Offer (method of statement, contract organization structure, etc...) Preparation of

Commercial Offer (price structure, cost / time / resources / profit estimation, price conditions / technical and contractual qualifications, etc.)

Preparation Contract Execution Plan and co-ordination procedures as per client specification.

* Developrent / customization of necessary contract managerrent tools.

Identify all resources and support (human, physical, financial) required to achieve the project Objective.

© Responsible of selection / recruitment process (Select CV, perform interview, propose offer Package) for candidates suitable for working

on the Project.

Expediting of contract tasks including mobilization of personnel and sub-contracting Communication with the Client and other parties.

© Brings to the contract the required resources as well as the tools necessary to follow the Contract schedule, cost / profit as well as quality on

the contracts way to a successfill Completion.

Coordinating the activities ofall engincers/surveyors (Welding, Civil, Structural, Piping, Rotating Equipment, Painting & Coating, Electrical

& Instrumentation, etc.) assigned at site.

© Full mamgement of Onshore / offshore assigned on the project (more than 25 Engineers) Full knowledge of the project's technical issues
Bebe HLUCH

© Directs and controls the work at site by contractors working directly for BV.

* Monitoring & Evaluation of Site Inspectors, and provide necessary plans for improverrents.

© Provide Monthly Reports to Clients, for TPI involverrent, concems & recommendations Follow up / monitoring of project schedule and

cost / Contract invoicing,

SSrelnieia ea

2010 till Mar.2014: Subsea? France SA Project Lead QA-QC Engineer for Erha North project (EXXON) Project QA-QC Engineer for

Clov project (Total) Project QA-QC Engineer for Block 15 project (EXXON) Management of QC activities for packages: Buoyancy

Foam, Connectors including forged pieces, chimps, pup pieces, structures in Sub Vendors, Subsea Valves and Forged Flanges Flexible

pipeline installation, Anodes, Rigid items (wellhead tower, jackets, Subsea Guiding Frame etc.) Key responsibilities are: Participate in the

critically assessment rating at the request of the Project Quality Manager.

Conduct the Pre-Production Meetings (PPM) and to facilitate the start of production Review / approve the Suppliers ITPs & control

procedures defined in the SDR Nominate / Manage qualified inspectors for the implementation of the surveillance on-site Supervise by

performing QC visits during manufacturing process if needed.

Review / approve the Inspection Reports, identify any problems and keep the project and departmental staff informed of progress.

© Work with the Project Quality Manager and the HSEQ Departrrent on the appointment and co-ordination of Project QC Inspectors
(Ensure our inspectors adhere to all Subsea 7 safety on site) Process NCR's raised during inspections and keep the project and
departmental staff informed of progress.

© Verify all Technical Queries and NCRs are closed prior to organising the Rekase.

la icmy Rar rideeka cl iaCeee ete oem ccm ce hese h

Review and approve final documentation (MRB compilation) Ensure Lessons Learned and improvements are identified and reported during

Fico qu aencetih om

Coordinates all related communication with local departments Participation in component reviews Technical Data maintenance on numerical

platform (Liaison Person Rights) Preparation of the local sourcing committee in agreement with commodity management Maintain

communication between locations in charge to validate electronic components.

Supplier Quality Control Engineer 01/2009 to 09/2009 Company Name

© Managenent of 15 suppliers Panel Taking part in suppliers selection phase: writing of validation plan listing Leoni requirements Technical
and industrial validation of the bought components Monitoring of the homologation of specific components: from conception to realization of
