PURCHASER / PRODUCTION COORDINATOR

Professional Profile

Productive, quality oriented professional eager to contribute comprehensive skills toward actively supporting a progressive organization as a key
team menber. Featured Skills x Expedite / AOG / Logistics x Customer Service x Finance / Accounting x Sales x Purchasing x Inventory Contro!
PSOE LoD Ores Vola ene Sy ibe Nec Lite acu a can new sar ua ne orercanimoktaccmipesral recs enrecad t coke
new assignments. * Ability to respond consistently with a high degree of initiative to resolve issues or complex probkens that may arise. * Ability to
PUBL eS ceM Nm Lr eMC MeN arb eacecl ovate Reena bm Sie clgerncal ene Mtremrrtestean rand
skils. * Ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines. * A courteous and professional demeanor. * Strong negotiation skills * Ability to work well
under pressure * Intermediate to advanced computer skills. Proficient with MS Office suite and other work-related software. Additional
Comments I have been working in the Aviation industry for 12 years now and bring with me a total on 15 years of experience that makes mea
well seasoned professional. I bring with me experience of working with commercial, military, charter, and prototype aircraft. I am experienced and
knowkdgeable with Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Domier, and Lockheed and have proven myself'to be both versatike when working with various
aircraft makes & customers,

Experience

January 2011

to

feTsvong

Oe inane OMEN C Ce UTca Low my rncratek@ueenseg

© Myjoumey at Flightstar began with production coordinating, where I was responsible for interfacing with leads, project managers, and
CTS as eee Sa nnn eu hice ecg od bel LO CCRC Me Py gee) Sues Ne cae net lwaaeser ct tlm

OM Seo Sco esuersi) sOmiact gnosis Ren eect nena pepe aisl neck Tsim

Be oT eterna ne cakes ao meceenrneiicieto ging ey cuetiaeliacohwawmnssraekecd onl nee
CECB recat

PA pobca coe Buawaeticikal am bodes soci cme One ane RNa Uee mee ANN eae ckenn yar ermatcC)
Pe aaa Om et cess m

Daily reporting of parts statuses, man hours, and aircraft schedule was a daily task.

Being a coordinator first and already having experience in purchasing made my transition to a buyer smooth since I could now work more
closely with the coordinators with each of us able to support one another better with part status updates and any paperwork issues.

Tee Lio e ee Ob asm UEC KOM) ene nner eka nas ania nae

ETC e Rake nne lect aber Rigen CHa NET EMC nuna OR Mca emcee ont eins Bellies
accurately as well as quality to make sure that the parts purchase are up to standard and come ffoman approved source.

Being on both sides of the fence I know sce that coordinators spend more time corresponding between the different areas of the job where
buyers spend more time on parts themselves.

Purchasers are responsible for every part purchased or requested and Have the sole responsibility of resolving any materials needed.

I have to not only purchase the parts but also validate the paperwork or trace is acceptable and legal.

Ifit isn't, resolve any rejected parts by means of returns and credits.

Buyers are responsible for expediting all orders and making sure that they are received as needed.

We then report this information to the coordimators and project managers as necessary.

Outside vendor interaction is a big part of purchasing and we have to form business relationships to effectively perform or duties.

In addition I am responsible for meeting standards and performance metrics within the company to make that we are finctioning at an
industry standard to rise above the competition.

Purchasing is also responsible for cost savings such engaging im supplier contracts and rebate programs.

© These savings of course benefits everyone on the company.

Mea Eine ge coorcuaa oa PMO ome Resor) nuke louucen nucle sone tees
ambience ey

roared

ie)

December 2010

Leon eNO MEN Counce sed Ol or GM oaal byeoaaicG

Working with Vision Airlines included a lot of different responsibilities.

OZ OAS CPB LSuy els Om eouiee nmap tieed nace) S emu Perl ene Re My valcobne ls cen Noe ANAlcoret soe
Shipping, and Receiving responshbilities.

Being a smaller Airline I work closely with the Executive staff'as well as the owners of the company themselves.

After receiving a Material Order Request, I would acquire the necessary quotes to find the best price and lead time availble.
erccelce uae) yer EO ecccraunlnln neon

ee eile konne Ln eS OEE mu Sne eed OR Cal bener RU one recich OM ETERS arT nag

Een Biica be cm nub tarke arene mine aininence encores vee tre a

ee ebcccaey src mel BN Rian gurncmacni leeds or Meco ie nen ass cer eb slo bcr celtics s
Opes rieele cna led Soe cOne iT b ary anor cored fea Ri ote ncaa

FACS a ics ieeiineeRoei ara nstacnede surg once Maw ce msn eB CeLolocem

eeu s eure tl Gente Loe Loom ANB ce srocened od metic acca MriM LO Cone bans nt ceprocdiea hog iTeM
or iterns that that have already been received.

As well as certifications and any other information requested from maintenarce.
