LINE SERVICE TECHNICIAN
Summary
I cwrently have 42 flying hours. [A ama Sophomore student at Southwestem Illinois College in the Aviation Pilot Program and I am very
interested in the aviation world. I have wanted to be a pilot and be around airports and planes since I was eight years old. I am working on my
Private Pilot Certificate at Ideal Aviation. I also work at Ideal Aviation as a Line Service Technician. A

als
© Great People SkillsA © Private Pilot KnowkedgeA
* Microsoft OfficcA PUAN reco Pa ee Wiser
© Fueling Aircrafts Ca viortia Gre ceie
« Airport Ramp Knowkdge = *_ Invoice Knowledge
schivor anes
RU WER @racans

Line Service Technician Company Name it4 City , State

POOP Mersin ecco eke Miche PR cece ra moe.
© Marshaling in Aircraft.

© Pilot and Passenger communication.

© Towing and Pushing aircraft.

Cir ative} a@) esis

* Aircraft Managernent.A

PU SOREN a
Ramp Agent Company Name iA City , State

Fueling of F-18, T-38, Boeing 737, E-2.

Marshaling of mbound and outbound aircraft.

coyunte wall quale Netcom

Pushback Operator for Allegiant Airlines.

Use of Unicom and Deicing Military and Commercial Aircraft.
Lavatory Service Use and Ground Power Unit.

Pilot Commumications.

PP ESOL NPA
Team Menber Company Name 1% City , State

© Iwas incharge of running the computer system which entailed cash register and retums.

© Iwas responsible for helping customers with problems and showing them where certain things were in the store.
© Twas taught to use self thinking to solve their problens.

© Everyday I worked I had to load multiple bags of 50 pounds of animal feed into the store.

© This job taught me customer service and organization.

04/2015 to 06/2016
rr anacoa@u NAN CH Tea LOIN HIG

* Iwas incharge ofsetting up for weddings, birthday parties, bridal showers, baby showers, etc.

© Iwas incharge of driving customers in our six-seater gas-powered golf cart as well as our four-seater gas-powered golf cart and was also
in charge of using the four-wheeler to pull trailers.

* Iwas incharge ofsetting up chairs and tables which required heavy lifting.

© This job entailed me working long days and long nights.

© Iwas called on by the owners for a couple of landscaping jobs around the property.

Cs rMeh cae Peete cen cea cere ceUrreenaratccn cna.

Education and Training

yak}

Associate of Applied Science : Aviation Pilot Training Southwestem Illinois College 1 City , State , USA I amcurrently enrolled in SWIC's
Aviation Pilot Program I willbe completeing two years and then transferring to fulfill my bachelors in Aviation Management.

May 2016

High Schoo! Diplomm FREEBURG COMMUNITY HIGH SCHOOL % City , State , United States

Personal Information

Tamcurrently a 19 year old that keeps up with work and school. I currently work around 25 to 30 hours a week as well as find time to fly and
finish up my private pilots license. I live in Freeburg, Illinois which is about 50 minutes from St. Louis Lambert Intemational. I plan to be a Pilot in
lndovtrorr more om eno eeepc.

Skills

Customer Service Experience, Leadership, Team leadership, Outlook, Fast learmer, Verbal Communication, Aviation Knowledge
