SIMULATOR TECHNICIAN
Tinea

Experienced Electronic Technician with extensive knowledge in A/C and D/C theory and troubleshooting skills and technique. Avionics specialist
in theory of operation and repairs.
bSranitutics

© AC/DC power and control systems

- : © Excellent written and verbal communication skills
: peat aiaee a ld © Superior troubkeshooting skills
i, ners ae © Test equipment operation
ioeipiiaalraaaeia © Diagnostic testing
¢ Sub-panel installation
Accomplishments
Fou eum Cgira

¢ Worked to meet current FAA electrical codes and company guidelines.

Denes R intro careleeees omen iu rnmrlinse lec Miner elpcnemel acerca nes ccm
© Scheduled and tracked all repairs.

¢ Supervised team of three staff members.

© Mounted asserbled components on circuit board at a rate of 100 per shift.

¢ Served as an expert in troubleshooting and repairing state-of-the-art electrical and electronic systems.

brotlan ane
Sie nalomcuiibasnt
April2013 to May 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Palanciterencposcllacentee Bari

SAE eee O NO Keep a luleeanceKeeB ule lines

Interpretation of blueprints and schematics.

Installation of Avionics equipment.(AFCS, HSI, ADI, HUD, ETC..) Theory of operation of Avionics systems and Test sets.
OS ben ed an neecs encarta

Completing modifications and upgrades.

Rewiring cannon plugs.

Cockpit experience on citation 2,3,7, citation Excel, citation ultra bravo, CRJ 700-900, UH-60, CH-47, 737, Gulfstream 3-5, Lear 31A,
King air 350, Beach jet 400, Global express.

Acs ceRl tala: biaetnnceBnleriisuommacmccellm\illale) ckineRelss) ance use ie td

Tacked mnintenance actions and compkted records.

Ran cyck checks of electromechanical systems consisting of multiple integrated circuits.

Constructed and tested electronic circuits and installed point-to-point wire hamesses and connectors.

Aligned and tuned complicated inter-related circuits and electromechanical systems.

Ce

Ce

PN roneg canes)
January 2012 to January 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Maintained CRJ-700,900 LAW FAA standards and procedures.

Repaired and replaced Avionics equipment as required for proper functionality of aircraft.

Miche BO wu eons nnd amneaarct one

Prepared equipment for all operations.

Verified that all required informmtion was readily available and displayed correctly.

Tacked maintenance actions and compkted records,

Aligned and tuned complicated inter-related circuits and electromechanical systems.

Constructed and tested electronic circuits and installed point-to-point wire hamesses and connectors.
Tested and repaired electric motors, variable frequency drives, alanns and control systems.
Interpreted eketrical and mechanical schemntics, blueprints and diagrams.

Diagnosed equipment malfimctions and compkted repairs to restore equipment and maintain uptime.

re ee ee

Entry Avionics mechanic
Janvary 2007 to January 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

SMA CoH piers RO bong emtaniiaven ene srelutined

Cae Srna rau Lcetcmaueilvekeeurlneiiicdy oa ce

Pee eeey rey eye

© Interpreted electrical and mechanical schemmtics, blueprints and diagrams.

© Impkrenited vast knowledge of electronics principles to resolve complex electrical problems.

¢ Repaired electrical equipment using hand and power tools and testing and diagnostic equipment.
