FIELD PROJECT SUPERVISOR

Summary

Administrative aviation logistics professional with 26 years’ experience working in the military sector including 20 years’ operating ina supervisory
position. Tracked and managed U.S. Navy and Marine Corps aeronautical logistics assets performing above and beyond the requirements of the
Military Occupational Specialty (6046/6047). Additional roles include managerrent, personnel development, and quality assurance. Outstanding
kader and team builder; established and managed programs; coached and mentored personnel. Exceptional technical and technology skills. BA in
Hurmn Resources Management.

alg

Secret Clearance.

toon iracee

Sih va@isuebotelnanend
Logistics Management
Were @O]ibmemsinitel
NTCSS

Ny.

Technical Publications
Technical Writing

Six Sigma Green Belt
Maintenance Administration

schivor anes
AU RE @tacans
Field Project Supervisor Company Name

© Managed U.S.
© Naval Aviation Logistics Command Managerrent Information System, Optimized-Organizational Maintenance Activity NALCOMIS

OOMA) implementations, operation, and training for 7 diverse tactical aviation units comprised of more than 48,400 Naval aircraft systems,
parts and publications worth more than 11 billion dollars.

Organized and managed compliance, inspections, and repairs for more than 19,500 logistic components installed on 130 U.S.

Naval aircraft and ejection seats and 260 engines.

Generated and released over 400 critical U.S.

Naval aircraft, engine, and summnry analysis reports for 130 aircraft, ejections seats, and 260 engines to assist higher headquarters in
strategic planning,

Developed numerous spreadsheets that assisted the Marine Coms Aviation Branch to streamline the in-service repair process for 130 US.
PEN Bhcarlainem ne veronica @ eile eee ok NMAC

Successfilly managed 7 critical aviation programs completing 12 logistics inspections necessary to conduct combat operations.
Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improverrent of action plans.

Develops and directs one or more work streams of cross-fimctional store planning projects in all formats.

Directs Associates, including managers, on process and procedures for Facility set-up projects, including reviewing new moduhr plans,
planning merchandise placement based on modular requirements, and advising on assigning additional staff to assist to ensure Company and
ee eee iter hae

Drives and monitors sales and project budget.

* Drives the impkmentation of real estate plans for project facilities (for exampk, remodels, new stores, relocations, new formats,

expansions).
Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity.

* Models, enforces, and provides direction and guidance to Associates on proper Customer service approaches and techniques to ensure

Customer needs, comphints, and issues are successfilly resolved within Company guidelines and standards.
Additional Information U.S Marine Corps.

01/2012 to 01/2015
PATO eee ol aam yc omolaenesti lm Gone sia eres 1B Osi mms

Managed project logistics for Naval aviation and ship software system assets.
Supervised project stafl

Corinne Boel loam reuiccon

I iigusltce RB Rie neice

Managed project deliverable documentation for compliance and accuracy.

Provided fimctional and follow-on support for software systems and assets tracked U.S.
Marine Comps.

01/2002 to 01/2012
Aviation Administration Manager Staff Sergeant Gunmery Sergeant Company Name iA City , State

Maintained Goverment Aviation Logistics Information Systems and databases.
Scheduled, tracked, and requisitioned aircraft components and systems for Naval Aviation compliance.
Performed data entry screening for compliance of U.S.
