OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN 1
Summary
Multi-faceted mechanical engineering student with background in ordnance and smmll arms handling . Strong technical proficiency with work

history ina maintenance/ operations environment. In-depth knowledge of MS office software coupled with administrative and customer service
related abilities. completely dedicated to efficiently completing tasks in an organized, timely mamer.

Skills
© Experience in kadership © MS Office
Came letntriniery slic OMA oeauegenlanerca
° Tei ta ESRC © Quality assurance controls
CaP livable can ae cs Cee Preeti ery
¢ Probkmresolution ¢ Intuitive
; aed CBNY (Mites ences orsleyli tes
ganization CPN aete im neuetl|
© Communication
Jeanne

Operations Technician 1 [| Company Nam - City , State | 07/2020 - Current

Tracked completion of objectives according to Quality control standards and work-related timelines.

Maintained physical equipment fimctions to meet productivity goals according to intemal and external compliance initiatives.
Recorded compliance, maintenance, physical storage and safety considerations to assist organizational documentation for future stage
patna

Identified operational and performance issues and worked with mamgers to resolve concems.

Recommended process and systems improvements such as changes to beverage production operations.

Successfilly produced and packaged over 300,000 cases of Gatorade In accordance with PepsiCo standards.

Diagnosed and repaired mechanical issues according to industry standards.

Performed general maintenance on machinery and equipment to prevent malfunctions.

Diagnosed problems with mechanical equipment using advanced troubkeshooting abilities.

Maintained compliance with internal and regulatory safety standards, including OSHA.

Carried out repair work on case-pack machinery, typically retuming machines and took to service within 30 minutes.
Applied hazard prevention procedures according to regulatory mandates.

Inspected equipment daily for preventive and emergency maintenance needs.

Sales Representative | Company Nam - City , State ] 03/2019 - 09/2019

Gathered information from clients to create solutions that achieved business needs and desires.

I We etec BON Sane aLeLacluneNyan etm ikea) em

Networked with customers to increase referrals and boosted new client sales by 13%.

Expanded client bases by offering exceptional customer service and telecommunication skils.

Drove phone and cable sales through development of successfill promotional strategies and product placement.
Acquired new customers and identified unique needs to deliver relevant products.

Brought motivation and energy to sales floor, creating positive and fim atmosphere.

Met with store managers to discuss product needs, accomplish sakes goals and facilitate sales growth.

Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and enhance loyalty and retention.

Cultivated impactfil relationships with customers and drove business development by delivering product knowledge.
Set up and activated customer accounts to maintain QA satisfaction kvels.

Aviation Ordnanceman | Company Name - City , State | 06/2013 - 03/2018

Monitored assets including vehicles, weapons, materials and equipment valued over S60 million.

Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories, and storage facilities.

Performed routine testing on aircraft armament control systems in accordance with Naval maintenance and safety regulations.
Serviced bombs, missiles and rockets and hunched test devices.

Mentored junior sailors to align performance with core naval values and encourage career development.

Cleaned and prepared surfaces for painting, using air-powered sandblasting equipment.

Lifted and loaded mnterials of up to 120 pounds into sand-blast machines for blasting preparation.

Coordinated organizational and intermediate maintenance on guided missike launching systems.

Prioritized and organized tasks to efficiently accomplish service goals.

Contributed to development, planning and completion of project initiatives.

Requisitioned, received, stored and documented unit equipment and supplies.

Transported personnel from accident scenes to onboard triage in emergency elevators.

Maximized team efficiency by using equipment such as pallet jacks and forklifis to move armament during on loading process.
Used equipment such as loaders, hand trucks, forklifis and cranes safely.

Contributed to profitability by training new employees on safe, efficient use of forklift equipment and through troubleshooting machines to
