MATERIAL CONTROL SPECIALIST
Summary

Accomplished professional with 12 years of experience within the field of Logistics and 9 years of experience in Organizational Leadership. Expert
at managing supply support, transportation, inventory control, purchasing, and distribution. Effective in customer service, cost reduction, and
property management. Proficient in NALCOMIS/RSUPPLY, Big Safari Inventory (BSI), Cost Point, and FEDLOG Database. Versatile and
proactive problem solver with excellent interpersonal skills. Highly adaptable to ever changing circumstances when engaging any project business
plans within a fast-paced and demanding enviroment.

Highlights
PRU AEO)iccensiti te Oe tineec acre pet inne
Cee Bers eu alaeg © Analytical Thinking
© Organizational Leadership ¢ Flexibility
© Multi-Tasking * Communication Skils
© Security Clearance CMa arco mele
Come Cesta iil etietsd © Inventory Management
© Training * Process Improvement
schivor anes
12/2012 to 03/2015

Material Control Specialist Company Name

* Coordinate material movement between storage, production areas, and designated locations.

Coordinate with purchasing, construction, warehouse, and engineering personnel to ensure appropriate scheduling, procurement, and
movennnt of mnterial.

Remove materials ftom inventory and coordimte the preparation of materials for shipment.

Identify materials by military chss of supply.

Maintain records; manage traceability of documentation from receipt through shipment process.

Verify nnaterials or merchandise received against shipping/mvoicing documents; record discrepancies and daraged mnterials.
Examine store materials for deterioration and darmge; provide documentation for disposal.

Provide asset management, coordinate warehouse processes and distribution administration.

01/2012 to 10/2012
Logistics Supply Specialist Company Name i City , State

Maintained inventory records/documentation for government assets management.

Utilized the BSI/Cost Point System and entered data to track and maintain inventories.

Processed request for mission support assets; monitored assets during deployments.

Purchased, tracked, sourced, and accounted for assets in excess of $2 million,

Ensured availability of required equipment and supplies; managed repairs/purchases of assets.

Coordinated with planners, buyers, and vendors on parts acquisition.

Determined parts requirements and developed provisioning documentation.

Managed the DFIM program to ensure assets were retumed and properly processed.

Provided support for Program Managers with logistics proposal preparation, pricing and negotiations; assisted with training initiatives for
Pouch ees irae emis Ualsem

01/2002 to 01/2011
Aviation Supply Specialist Company Name iA City , State

CEN cose hicnircrObriieccuinecoman nlc and) «maneiemiedbicralcn

Se Ye cE ee ene aeeleiea ian OR Piha ras Ged Ce tle oem roe HbO Ril iinomihe pie TicliCey tiated
Sey cece li gem

Validated customer requirements; processed and submitted requisitions.

Processed and delivered materials in accordance with government regulations and procedures.

Purchased, tracked, sourced, and accounted for assets in excess of S2 billion,

Ensured availability of required equipment and supplies; managed repairs/purchases of assets.

Military Experience

01/2002 to 01/2011

Specialist Company Narme United States Marine Coms, Camp Pendleton, CA Aviation Supply Specialist Jan 2002 - Jan 2011 Supervised 30
Marines to maximize efficiency and satisfy valid customer requirements. Provided aviation supply support, including inventory management,
mmterials administration, personnel staffing, and requisitioning procedures. Validated customer requirements; processed and submitted requisitions.
Processed and delivered materials in accordance with government regulations and procedures. Purchased, tracked, sourced, and accounted for
assets in excess of $2 billion. Ensured availability of required equipment and supplies; managed repairs/purchases of assets.

brairestbeny

Oe)
