AVIATION MECHANIC
Highlights
© Technical Proficiencies
* MS Office (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word)

Accomplishments

Quality-focused manager with of experience driving maintenance programs, projects, and operations to keep fleets of fixed and rotor-wing aircraft
at top performance. Recognized for technical, administrative, leadership, and communication skills; highly adept at motivating and directing tears
to meet production schedules and goals in fast-termpo environments with shifting priorities and requirements. Current SECRET security clearance
schivor anes

Purley

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Aviation Mechanic

© Orchestrate aircraft maintenance activity across 12 work centers, supervising 200+ technicians in testing, troubleshooting, and upkeep of

aircraft and engine subsystems on both fixed and rotor-wing models. Direct organizational level and intermediate-level maintenance

prograrrs; implenent policies, improve processes, and provide technical supervision and management control of programs impacting aircraft

maintenance activities. Drive production quality control and adirinistrative audits; collect, analyze, and interpret test data to provide senior

keadership with crucial guidance for improving operational efficiency and performance. Key Contributions:

Established scheduks, organized workloads, and led multi fimctional team to meet aggressive production timelines. 4°? Completed 2,200

maintenance actions to keep seven H-60R/S helicopters, three P-8A, and two E-2D aireraft at peak airworthiness and operational

readiness.

Supervised all aspects of mintenance including calibration, repair, and replacement of damaged or unserviceable parts, components, and

assemblies. 4” Overcame lack of availble resources by manufacturing parts in-house, ensuring compliance with stringent specifications,

tolerances, and quality standards.

Steered development of logistics plans and documentation for implementing and sustaining P-8A logistics programs. 4°? Conducted

comprehensive evaluation of mintenance concept and tasks, logistics resources, and current policies and processes. 4”? Isolated

supportability / depot issues impacting P-8A program, and devised sound solutions, altematives, and recommendations for achieving

program objectives. Skillfully performed scheduled / unscheduled and preventative maintenance across variety of aircraft models; led

troubleshooting, removal, repair, modification, calibration, assembly, and quality assurance of mechanical and electrical systems,

subsystems, airframes, power plants, engines, hydraulics, avionics, and associated support equipment (SE). Coordinated with technicians

from multiple shops to drive work sequencing, scheduling, and priority changes; adapted procedures and resources to resolve problens

POUCA LOCC Se TC AN Coit inletal sl owccrinemicrcelceBilorcmuen@inetcriruiraared

with quality standards; documented maintenance activity and submitted reports on schedule. Key Contributions:

© Demonstrated exceptional skill in diagnosing, isolating, and correcting technical problems, executing repairs and repkcements quickly to
PerisienvsestcacstimeCo nlite es

© Interpreted and utilized maintenance instruction manuals, blueprints, schematics, and technical publications in conjunction with variety of test
equipment including mechanical rpm test sets, engine, propeller, and turbine Vibration Analysis Test Set (VATS).

* Provided accountability for budgets, mterials, inventories, and documentation; ensured all internal controls were in phe and complied with
to ensure transparency. 4°” Enforced foreign object dannge (FOD), hazardous waste, and too! control programs.

© Drew upon strong training and performance evaluation skills; coached, mentored, and guided junior mechanics to eam critical qualifications
Pieb eae nceelatilbeck Hien

brairestbeny

Oe)

Enbry-Riddle Acronautical University Bachelor of Science : Technical Management / Occupational Safety and Health Bachelor of Science,
Technical Management / Occupational Safety and Health - 2014 Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, World Wide Campus

Coastline Community College City , State , US Associate of Science : Aviation Technology and Healthy Technology Associate of Science,
Aviation Technology and Healthy Technology Coastline Community College, Fountain Valky, California

Military Experience

Pu @AN

to

Pu @AN

Company Name United States Navy, Oak Harbor WA Aviation Maintenance & Production Manager, 8/2010 - Present Orchestrate aircraft
mmintenance activity across 12 work centers, supervising 200+ technicians in testing, troubkeshooting, and upkeep of aircraft and engine
subsystems on both fixed and rotor-wing models. Direct organizational level and intermediate-level maintenance programs; implement policies,
improve processes, and provide technical supervision and management control of programs impacting aircraft maintenance activities. Drive
production quality control and administrative audits; collect, analyze, and interpret test data to provide senior keadership with crucial guidance for
improving operational efficiency and performance. Key Contributions: Established schedules, organized workloads, and led mutti-fimetional team to
Ineet aggressive production timelines. 4” Completed 2,200 maintenance actions to keep seven H-GOR/S helicopters, three P-8A, and two E-2D
aircraft at peak airworthiness and operational readiness. Supervised all aspects of maintenance including calibration, repair, and replacement of
dammged or unserviceable parts, components, and assemblies. a” Overcame lack of available resources by manufacturing parts in-house, ensuring
compliance with stringent specifications, tolerances, and quality standards. Steered development of logistics plans and documentation for
implementing and sustaining P-8A logistics programs. 4 Conducted comprehensive evaluation of maintenance concept and tasks, logistics
