ADVANCED LEVEL WHEELED VEHICLE MECHANIC
[Oouw reels
BUR nneer anu lie cece Mi biuben rover ana Loe Rene ACen icin cesay cece weal
and training to become an integral contributor to a growing and productive organization. Skills Proven excellence with budgets, schedules,
coordination, supervision, training, management, and maintenance of projects and prograns at all level, effectively interpreting and communicating
requirements across fictional organizations. In depth knowledge of OSHA, NAVOSH, and the handling, storage and disposition of Government
Owned Property, and capable of providing effective employee training on all related topics. Verbal, interpersonal skills: able to facilitate
cooperation among team members. Managerial skills with time management and delegation with the initiative to take on tasks and resolve problems
immediately. Deeply instilled discipline, work ethic, customer astuteness, and conceptual thinking. A fast earner who will be an immediate asset to
any workplace. Windows Server 2008 - planning, deploying, configuring, and maintaining AD infrastructure, enviromrent, and objects.
Core Qualifications

© Installation, Configuring, and Management of Windows 7

* Active Directory Windows Server 2008 R2

¢ Administration of Active Directory
Managing Windows Server 2008 R2 Components
IP Addressing & Name Resolution
Network Components of Windows Server 2008 R2
Windows Server 2008 R2 MCSE 70-640, MCSE 70-642 and MCSE 70-646 Key Differences between Server 2003 and Server 2008.
Windows 7 Domain Integration & Client Support. DHCP, WINS, RRAS, IPSEC, TCP/IP, & Computer Troubleshooting.
Installing and supporting Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 in virtual environment.
IP and IP Routing; IPsec; DHCP; Remote Access. Installing, configuring, managing, and maintaining hardware.
Configuring Donnin Narre Resolution, Network Connectivity; Installing and Deploying Windows Server 2008.
Windows Server 2008 AD DS; Domain Controllers; Sites and Replication; Domains and Forests.
Windows Server 2008 AD Group Policy; Managing Fiks; Backup; Managing Printers; File Servers
Monitoring Computers; Patch Management and Security; Certificate Services and Server Virtualization
In depth knowledge of the following: Network protocols and devices; TCP/IP including Sub netting and CIDR notation.

Education and Training

vA 7
Bachelor of Science : Information System Security Colorado Technical University is City , State Pursuing BAS in Information System SecurityA
vA

Certificate of Completion : Network Administrator Centriq Training 14 City , State

vb

Bachelor of Science : Information Security Columbia Southem University i City , State Pursuing BAS in Information Security

Aug oanan at acs

04/2008 to 06/2012

Advanced Level Wheeled Vehicle Mechanic Company Name 1% City , State

© Successfilly provided training and schedules, supervised, and guided my team through all aspects of recovery operations, in-process
inspection/troubkshooting procedures, repairs and overhaul of all assigned wheeled vehick mechanical and electrical components and
systems, including but not limited to: power plant/packs, compression ignition engines, engine fuel systerrs, air induction and exhaust
systems, cooling systems, vehicle chassis, frame cross members, clutches assemblies, transmissions, transfers, final drives, propeller shaft
assemblies, brake systems steering systems, suspensions systems, fifth wheel assemblies, wheeled vehick crane, hoist and winch assemblies,
and hydraulic systems, and automotive electrical systems.

© Supervised and performed diagnostic troubleshooting to determine maintenance repair criteria using Test Measurement Diagnostic

ee gen IBS

Performed equipment chssification inspections and processed all appropriate documentation.

Performed battlefield damage, assessment, and repair (BDAR).

Supervised team performance in compliance with all applicable safety and security guidelines and standards, including OSHA and 670-1

Army Standard of Procedures.

© Responsible for parts and maintenance of over 125 vehicles, I trained my soldiers on the use of the electronic manual to research part
niece

© Iwas responsible for all parts, orders and procurement scheduks, and I conducted monthly, quarterly, and yearly inventories of all shop

esr eea ance

Controlled Government Owned Property including vehicles, supplies and tooling valued at approximately $3 million.

Coordinated and prepared Up Armored Vehicles, Tools and supplies for travel to Iraq May 2009.

Researched and provided Military Intelligence to mission going Soldiers during the 12-month deployment of Operation Iraqi Freedom

(Outer sctues

© I supervised and provided training and guidance to eight soldiers, and helped them initiate their civilian and military education, fostering
personal and professional development.

01/2000
Organizational Apprentice Maintenance Technician Organizational Maintenance Technician Company Name
01/2000

© During my tour, I was promoted to Tool Petty Officer and Training Petty Officer.
