SPECIALIST OF INFANTRY
Professional Summary

Professional earning, occupational consultant and life-skills counselor seeking a position as a Social Services Provider. Disabled veteran and
education specialist conversant with social and personal barriers to employment, civic life and independent living with demonstrated ability
providing conmumity based services and support between community stake holders and the underemployed, military veterans, the disabled and
additional underserved groups.

Core Qualifications
Proven keadership in military and civilian occupations.

Effective commumication and interpersonal skills.
* Advanced with Windows based operating systems.

© Advanced with Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint.
Trained educator in identifying and servicing diverse keaming

Bac © Experience in designing and supporting Database Information Systems
(DBA).

Advanced with IT Enterprise Networks. © Experience in both commercial and academic technical writing.

Certifications

PRAXIS: Principles of Learning and Teaching (2013)
PRAXIS: Social Studies Content Knowledge (2013)

brairestbeny
Master of Arts , Education- M.Ed. 8 2014 Mount St. Joseph University i City , State GPA: Dean's Honor Roll GPA: 3.58

&€¢Dean's Honor Roll witha GPA of 3.58 ona 4.0 scale.
4€¢ETS "Recognition of Excellence Award" for Social Studies Content Knowledge (top 15%).
&€¢ Thesis: 4€cROTC & Military Education in the New Millennium a€

Bachelor of Arts , History and Philosophy 5 2008 University of the Pacific 14 City , State GPA: Dean's Honor Roll GPA: 3.49 Phi Alpha Theta,
Mortar Board and Alpha Sigma Lambda honors Mortar Board Chapter Historian

&€¢Dean's Honor Roll with a GPA of 3.49 ona 4.0 scak.
4€¢Phi Alpha Theta, Mortar Board and Alpha Sigma Lambda honors.
&€¢Mortar Board Chapter Historian.

schivor anes
Specialist of Infantry Mar 2000 to Sep 2002
Company Name i City , State

© Maintained and operated weapons and commumications systems of the $3,000,000 M2A2 Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicle as a qualified
ure hom

Maintained mechanical fimetions and marksman qualification for the M16 service rifle.

Trained in Infantry tactics according to Army doctrine on Fire and Maneuver.

Sustained 24 hour readiness for training and deployment as part ofa combined arms team.

Provided leadership and training for subordinate soldiers in my charge.

Maintained personal physical fitness for military duty.

Battalion Soklier of the Month honors.

Medic Combat Life Saver Certified.

Decorations: Army Achievement Medal, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Medal, War on Terror Service Medal and Anny Service
bale) srel nm

* Medical retirement with Honorable Discharge (Form DD-214).
