CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary

To obtain a position that will enable me to use my organizational skills and ability to work with peopk, ina stable environment that will kad to a
ree Waters om

schivor anes

REA CH eR@ aaa cli an iti ch t/a OLN mmECT| Ce

© Phoenix Aviation has provided me with an extensive knowledge of aviation amongst multiple product lines; while remaining task oriented

and working as a team member.

Cenc ACRE iewur Aino Gera e ter Ouse P Ns emieteauriee elise begin cs

Having knowledge of multiple product lines is an asset, because I amable to assist multiple underwriters and underwriter assistants

throughout the company.

© Issue new business and renewal binders, endorsements, and any mid-term changes that may occur, while maintaining monthly reports for the
commercial and airline policies.

Assist brokers ona daily basis with a concems or questions conceming policies, certificates, Joss runs, invoices, and endorsements for
Agriculture, Commercial, and Airline products.

© Familiar intranet and intemet based systems that incorporate a paperless process.

© [have received numerous awards for going above and beyond for my manager and multiple underwriters.

Customer Service Representative
February 2013 to January 2014 Company Name i City , State

¢ AIG Aerospace has provided me with the knowledge of aviation and ability to assist brokers; while also working as a part ofa teamand
providing the best customer service.

¢ Having knowledge of aviation is usefil in assessing aviation risk, which includes aircraft specifications, reviewing pilot experience, and etc.;
to produce computer-generated quotes and binders.

* Issue endorsements, binders, and policies for light general aviation aircrafts and also maintain renewals ona continuing basis through the
updating underwriter information for renewal proposals.

© Manage and respond to brokers ona daily basis with any concems and questions regarding accounting, underwriting, renewak, policy
tenvs and conditions, non-ownership program, and providing training to brokers regarding an external quote system.

CEMA eurtec ethene La@enoe Rs atin ami Lae eK cr Mosley ccoe eeu eccn

© Research and corrected any premium discrepancies by offsetting balances in the accounting system.

Device Support Center Manager
REI gal RoR Garay scl a Nt kl a OLN mECIT| Ce

* Flextronics has provided me with the managerial skills needed to supervise, communicate, and manage the overall performance of staff in the
ESCs

© Analyze the daily reports of data received, giving recommendations, and developing strategy plans on how to improve quality and quantity

for the company.

Taking inventory ofall supplies, mobile devices, and accessories in the store and documenting daily transactions.

Mobik devices have become a very important aspect of our culture and therefore it is a necessity that customer's problems be resolved as

soon as possibk.

© My experiences have given me the ability and the expertise to train other employees, while staying abreast on AT&T mobile devices and the

latest technology.

At Flextronics, we have mandatory quotas that must be met monthly to achieve or support center goals, visions and objectives.

T have the aptitude to achieve goals independently or ina group setting; while being able to motivate myselfand others.

T amexcellent at multi-tasking and maintaining flexibility.

My daily duties consist of assisting customers in person and on the phone.

My verbal communication skills allow me to effectively communicate Flextronics position, while listening and asking questions to meet the

arabe eatin

T amempathy when listening to others; while educating customers about their devices and resolving issues.

My written communication skills are another essential part of my daily duties at Flextronics.

For every customer that coms to the store their account must be annotated.

The annotations must include the customer's nam, issue, troubleshooting steps that were performed, results of those steps, and the

proce) Whee a Len ccihem

My organizational skills are invaluable within the device support center.

Duc to there being an abundance of customers and their wireless devices.

It is imperative to be organized especially dealing with customers proprietary information.

These skills help me to be more efficient in supervising and managing other employees; while remaining attentive to the customer.

T have been awarded employee of the month for five months.

Along with numerous emnils and phone calls with positive feedback from customers.

I was ako sent to Shreveport, LA because of my expertise to assist employees and custorrers.

brairestbeny
Baccaliureate of Science : Business Administration’Marketing , 2008 Business Administration/Marketing University of Louisiana at Lafayette
