MANAGER, CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
Sal

Fiber Optics Repair Technical Skill Set * Formal Training: Learjet 24, Piper Cherokee, AcroCommander 520, and Cessna 310 Airframe and
Powerplant systems. * General: Inspections, troubleshooting, and airworthiness determinations made on aircraft utilizing technical publications,
FAR’s, manufacturer maintenance manuak, part catalogs and schematics. Compketed logbook and paperwork documentation. * Powerplant:
Performed inspection, repair, installation and troubleshooting on turbine, turboshaft, reciprocating engines, and systems therein including:
Induction, Exhaust, Fuel, Ignition, Electrical, Communication/Navigation, Ice and Rain, Instrurents and APU. * Airframe: Performed
Histocribam nea oucnteoes wen esuranilte om onee Maso ccl eo Mao eeenNcmD sos oem alee certs ola nocd
netal and composite) from blue print drawings. Performed registration marking and painting of aircraft surfaces.

Professional Experience

Manager, Continuous Improvement

Noverber 2014 to Current Company Name i4 City , State Hours worked per week: 40hrs Responsibilities Utilize the tools of Six Sigma and
Lean to improve processes across the facilities. Lead cross-functional teams in identifying root cause, developing, and implementing a solution.
Manage employees assigned as project keaders for Continuous Improverrent projects and events. Eliminate waste and variation throughout the
facility using Continuous Improvement roadmaps, tools, and methodologies to reduce overall cycle times and to improve profitability. Identify,
kad, teach, and impkment improvenrnts by effectively using Continuous Improvement tools inching 5S, Kaizen Events, Value Stream Mapping,
Cause and Effect Analysis, Process Controls, Visual Controls, Flow production, variation reduction and waste elimination. Skills Used Project
Management, Managerial skill, Time management, Public speaking, Organizational Skills, MS Office

A&P Mechanic / Aircraft Technician

April 2014 to October 2014 Company Name 14 City , State Hours worked per week: 60hrs Responsibilities Assign work to Mechanics. Lead
and guide activities ofall assigned personnel, assuring all rmintenance is completed in compliance with established company policies, procedures,
Bln Blo diel a yew ult cmO Wome Rtn el Sec acueR ice ee B rn ars cp raucccsina keen yo ceca HM any CON Ome ReSUn is ccm
Perform on the job training as required. Verify qualifications of assigned employees. Hours worked per week: 60hrs Responsibilities Troubleshoot
Tmintenance issues. Scheduled repairs and maintenance on the aircrafls interior (including seats, overhead bins, etc), and exterior (flaps, slats,
actuators, etc). Accomplishments I received a reward for diligence and hard work as a Ternporary Lead, during a contracted flap modification, in
which I assisted in organizing manpower ina way that ensured on time delivery of aircraft.

PNT alb eM Kealiines)

September 2010 to September 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Hours worked per week: 40hrs Trouble shoot mechanical malfimctions of engines Launch and recover aircrafis Perform maintenance on time
sensitive parts Perform minor repairs on airframe and engine Perform Fuel and Defiel of aircraft Perform engine operational checks upon
Coie ben meyeristiaranee

Rr epaccra ae

September 2008 to August 2010 Company Name 1% City , State Create shelf displays for games and gaming systems Provide shoppers with
detailed informtion used in the decision making process Ensure games, iPods, media and accessories are properly stocked Ensure cleanliness of
sakes area Operate cash register Help other associates on the sakes floor Create shelf displays for computers and accessories Provide shoppers
with detailed information used in the decision making process Ensure computers and accessories are properly stocked Ensure cleanliness of sales
area Operate cash register Help other associates on the sales floor

rattestben trem brshented

BS : Aviation Business Administration, Safety , 2018 Ewbry-Riddle Acronautical University 1% City, State , US BS in Aviation Business
Adiinistration with a minor in Safety Erbry-Riddle Acronautical University - Daytona Beach, FL 2015 to 2018

WA RPC ES ess ued RO ics NALCO AEC CMO he oe Satie Chin acer M/llatneN cE Oey seems PAI) CoC)
yA

AS : Aviation Maintenance , 2010 National Aviation Academy 1% City , State , US AS in Aviation Maintenance National Aviation Academy -
Ckarwater, FL 2008 to 2010 Fiber Optic Repair

Military Experience

E5-SGT

August 2001 to January 2009 Company Name

Noe OU AOR eS Scam Cae ECU ee es WTUCMUU BORN ee CEE litem cures canes
repaired electronics aircrafls systems, troubleshot, repaired and replaceabk ekctronic components. Gained knowledge in reading and
comprehending schematics and diagrans. I also performed routine maintenance on test benches and equipment. When | achieved the rank of E3
LCPL, I gave instruction on troubleshooting and repairing solid state devices. I was also responsible for Inspecting and maintaining electronic test
equipment. As a Marine Security Guard I protected three different Embassies around the world. I monitored and safeguard chasified material and
Enbassy personnel. I was trained in diffissing hostile situations and I investigated security and safety violations and wrote over 300 detailed incident
eee

Certifications

Master Certificate in Six Signa Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2014 Present

eS eon aus a Soom CRON eR trem ee UNM BE Oe gicccrg
Airframe and Powerplant Mechanics license issued by the FAA - Decerrber 2010 to Present
