AVIATION MAINTENANCE EGRESS LEADING PETTY OFFICER LEADING PETTY OFFICER
Summary
To obtain a position that will utilize my unique technical and managerrent skills acquired during my military career. Maintains an Active Government
Secret Security Clearance Expert in Aviation Enviromental Control and Egress Systems, Quality Assurance, Maintenance Management, Training
and Safety. Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point. Collateral Duty Inspector on Egress/Environmental Control Systems for 8
years. Collateral Duty Quality Assurance Representative for Aviation Egress and Ordnance Systems for 5 years. Full Systems Quality Assurance
Representative 1 year. Quality Assurance Safety Observer for CADS/PADS 6 years. F/A-18E/F Low Power Engine/APU Tum Operator
Qualified F/A-18 Super Homet Plane Captain. Assuming responsibilities of Daily/Tumaround inspections, servicing and operation of twelve 65
million dollar aircraft, ensuring all are in full mission capable status. Diligently showing expertise in emergency procedures and ground safety for 31
fighter pilots/aircrew and 245 maintenance personnel. Aviation Gas Free Engineer/Confined Space Entry Supervisor and Safety Observer.
Excellent communication, team building and leadership abilities.

schivor anes

Aviation Maintenance Egress Leading Petty Officer Leading Petty Officer

October 2001 to Current Company Name

Meritorious Unit Commendation.

Accomplishing over 3,000 mishap fiee flight hours, while maintaining a safe work environment.

Awarded Humanitarian Service Medal in lieu of 2004 Tsunami reliefefforts n Banda Aceh, Indonesia.

Received Good Conduct Medal (4), for 3 years of obedient and zealous behavior.

Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.

Directly supported global war on terrorism while deployed to Sth Fleet Area of Responsibility in Persian and Arabian Gulf.
Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal.

For supporting global war on terrorism while deployed to Sth Fleet Area of Responsibility in Oman and Persian Gulf.
Sea Service Ribbon (5).

Marksmanship Medal.

Qualified as an expert marksman on the 9 mm M9 pistol National Defense Service Medal.

Navy Squadron Battle Effectiveness Award.

Sustained superior performance in an operational environment within a command.

Enlisted Aviation Warfare Specialist Wings.

Focused on the field of Aviation Warfare, specializing in Administration and Logistics, CPR/First Aid and Safety.
Junior Sailor of the Quarter, Ist Quarter FY 14.

Spearheaded the VFA-2 Coats for Kids Christrms Drive.

Directly involved in Atsugj, Japan Kanagawa Prefecture community trash pick-up.

Volunteered to lead personnel during NAF Atsugi, Japan's Earth Day base clean up.

Quality Assurance Representative

© Enforced US Navy quality assurance guidelines for more than 230 maintenance personnel and over 50,000 production mar-hours of
aircraft scheduled/unscheduled maintenance tasks.

Conducted over 500 final safe for flight mspections ensuring highest quality of work.

Audited and monitored 44 Safety programs and 13 work centers related to aviation compliance and regulations.

Established controls, nintamed documentation, and interpreted test results as Quality Assurance Representative.

Conducted Gas Free tests on over 30 fuel cells/tanks, issued Certificates for safe entry, and monitored compktion on 12 F/A-18F aircraft.

Aviation Maintenance Egress Work Center Shift Supervisor

© Supervised 16 personnel in performing scheduled/umscheduled maintenance on the Egress and Environmental Control systems of over 300
NC. e(@) Pio arucerl (ae

© Responsible for the qualification and training of 50 personnel from 9 flect squadrons transitioning from F-14's to F/A-18E/F platform
including the qualification of 8 Collateral Duty Inspectors.

© Volunteered as an instructor for advancement training, indoctrination, and Warfare training contributing to the advancement of 31 personnel
and 15 Warfare qualifications.

© Impkmented superior technical and troubleshooting techniques ensuring optimum aircraft performance and combat readiness in ever
changing high stress environment.

Aviation Egress and Environmental Control Systems Technician

Trained over 800 sailors in aviation maintenance practices and repair of F/A-18A/B/C/D/EF aircraft egress, environmental and cryogenics
ESS ante

Attended Advanced Egress and Environmental Control Systems Maintenance Courses, gaining vast knowledge in troubleshooting Egress,
Environmental Control and Cryogenics Systems.

Maintained/repaired Egress, Environmental Control and Cryogenic Systems on over 300 F/A-18A/B/C/D/EF aircraft.

© Worked flight controls, power plants and related equipment as fill systems Quality Assurance Representative.

Excellent Schematic/technical manual/diagram interpretation.

brairestbeny
Specialized Military Schools/Training: Advanced Environmental Control and Safety Equipment Maintenance and Troubleshooting; Navy Course:
