DIRECTOR OF AVIATION AND SAFETY
Skill Highlights
© Project management
* Leadership/commumication skills
© Enployee relations
Cola reeltciee

© Risk management
© Labor-mmnagerent skills
© Budget management

Professional Experience
Director of Aviation and Safety
AT PARE OR Otc a Gon snarl ay LOLNemsraiCc)

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: I serve as the Director of Aviation and Safety for the Montana Army National Guard. I am the
principal advisor to the Adjutant General for all Army aviation activity. My duties include budget development and execution, trainng developrent,
safety management and accident investigations, ground and air logistical management, and aircraft maintenance management. tunity (EEO), logistics
accountability, and environmental law. I serve as a Management representative on the Labor Relations Board. I develop training relationships with
federal, tribal, state, and local agencies so as to better respond to natural and man made disasters.

US Amy Officer
June 1985 to Jamary 1993 Company Name 1% City , State

US Amy Aviation Officer Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: Whik on active duty, I performed a variety of duties to include rotary wing
instructor pilot, assistant operations officer, section leader, platoon leader, executive officer, and detachment commander. I served ina general
aviation company and an aviation traning company while stationed at FT Rucker, AL. I served as a unit Commander and a fixed wing pilot in
command ina military intelligence - low intensity battalion forward deployed in Honduras. I am branch qualified as a US Amy aviation officer and
as a military intelligence officer.

Supervisory Aircraft Flight Instructor

May 1993 to August 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

Supervisory Aircraft Pilot

PAUP RO RG Hana Ger SNe SALON MES HIc.

brairestbeny

Master's : Strategic Studies , 2013 US Army War College 14 City , State , US

US Amy War Colkge Carlisle, PA United States Master’s Degree 07/2013 Major: Strategic Studies
Master's : Aeronautical Sciences , 2011 Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University Daytona Beach i City , State , US

Enbry-Riddle Aeronautical University Daytona Beach, FL United States Master’s Degree 09/2011 GPA: 4 ofa maximum 4 Credits Eamed: 39
Quarter hours Major: Aeronautical Sciences with a dual emphasis on Management and Safety Systems

Bachelor's : Business Administration , 1985 University of Montana i City , State , US

University of Montana Missoula, MT United States Bachelor's Degree 12/1985 GPA:3.1 ofa maximum 4 Credits Earned: 178 Semester hours
Major: Business Administration

Military Experience
COL
April 1993 to January 2013 Company Name

Montana Amy National Guard Fort Harrison, MT 59636 United States 04/1993 - I serve as the Director of Aviation and Safety for the Montana
Amry National Guard. I am the principal advisor to the Adjutant General for all Army aviation activity. In this capacity my duties include budget
development and execution, training development, safety management and accident investigations, ground and air logistical management, and
aircraft maintenance management. While in the National Guard, I have served progressively upward as a battalion intelligence officer, company
commander, battalion executive officer, State area command training officer, Chief of Standards and Training, Aviation Brigade executive officer
while deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom, and at present, the highest ranking aviation officer for the State. In cach capacity, I had direct contact
with aviation maintenance and training at the tactical level. With qualifications as a flight instructor and instrument examiner, I also assist units with
their training requirements. I have an active role with each units’ safety program by training to standards and evaluating flight performance. I serve
ona safety council that identifies, assesses, and mitigates hazards. I coordinate with the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Guard
Bureau for aviation safety related issues. Through a competitive process, I was sekcted to attend the US Army War College through its distance
kaming program I graduated in 2013 with a degree of Masters of Strategic Studies. Supervisor: COL Jeff Ireland (4063243003) Okay to
contact this Supervisor: Yes Dept of Military Affairs 1956 Mt Majo Street Fort Harrison, MT 59636 United States 08/2010 - Present
Supervisory Aircraft Pilot (This is a federal job) Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: I supervise an Army Aviation Support Facility
consisting of 63 employees that perform maintenance and flight training for the Montana Army National Guard. My mission is to direct the
mmintenance for 22 helicopters and train the 140 assigned aircrew members. In addition, I eg Celpem emcees mle Nest eensn eee
soldiers in the skill specialties of supply, petroleum operations, avionics, sheet metal, engine repair, life support equipment, flight operations,
firefighting, quality assurance, and ground support Seda repair. The missions for the assigned military units include medical evacuation, troop
insertions and extractions, cargo resupply, and reconmissance for counter narcotics. I am responsible for providing a work enviroment that
