SENIOR MANAGER OF CUSTOMER SUPPORT

Summary

Ol siltaeicecceeeiecc eral Kiba HES aM Une Ponce Gnesi C RUG ec cml aul oe ce tanee Mba crnesca ccs cent
concept to market acceptance. Experienced in sales management, rrarketing, technical presentation creation and service training. Devoted toA
building strategic partnerships through persuasion, negotiation and personal presence.

BS ania}
© Driven to succeed ¢ New programand promotion implementation
CMe en Aveeno net ,
ae Peta eran to 7 Cana aed
* DependabeA © Meticulous attention to detail
PB cr ecu cr cat
Sage) oN ¢ Focused on customer satisfaction
Cae sranel7.¥
Pa Zancai) ¢ Excellent written and verbal communicator
Ce goniiscyss
« Enthusiastic team player eS
© Presentations
Accomplishments

renee vinane(aseonect mm conned ecetcrsc tem Sole le wenn ce. ined Meee orce
Collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development.

Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

schivor anes

02/2016 to Current

Senior Manager of Customer Support Company Name 4 City , State

¢ Performall Manager of Customer Support duties in addition to the following.

© Meet with nyjor airlines domestically and internationally to secure future business contracts.

© Reserve travel including airline and hotel accommodations for my department.

© Utilize company leads to expand current customer base and follow up onall leads promptly via phone, email and customer visits.

USP RE CRH A0C
Manager of Customer Support Company Name 1% City , State

© Develop maxinum saks potential out of major airline customers with excellent customer service techniques and knowledge of products and
services, as well as competition's strengths and weaknesses.

¢ Build and maintain quality relations with customers to increase the volume of saks ona consistent basis through ongoing determination of

ara ram etn

Evaluate and calculate prices, discounts and proposals to meet specific customer requirements in an efficient manner.

MELTS Ocean nee eieca nr necRLe ib iceLHulaep

Possess strong management characteristics - take charge of situations, set examples and deliver results.

Coordinate events including golf outings, trade shows, baseball games and hosted customer dinners.

Olde eeu isoncs emt ecPevceiniccd cucebbe ech eal ice

03/2012 to 06/2013
Customer Support Representative Company Name i City , State

Processed customer quotes and verified accurate customer and product information.

Managed submitted requests for quotes and initiated the quoting process to cultivate new business.

Manage and expedite customer orders to ensure customer satisfaction.

Utilize Microsoft Office as applicable to customer's needs creating databases and spreadsheets that improved inventory management and
Carne resuaureeneal clon

© Coordinated "pre-sale" development with sales personnel to include pricing, availability configuration and profitability.

© Research current market denmnds and competition.

Par Cooa res Bien Oey swenier Tee arlene ulm ure sC Lee

07/2011 to 03/2012
Administrative Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

© Demonstrated capacity to provide support for executive -kvel stafi managed all essential tasks, coordinated travel and marketing-support
activities,

¢ Derronstrate excellent oral and written communication skils.

CO Ne wechicugulei@e ran lieucmcli Canc MinGicceLeind ORC guLererinem nana ceiver ei ce erm ioetisitsem

* Organized file systems and nnintained electronic and paper files.

10/2003 to 03/2011
