LEAN SIX SIGMA BLACK BELT
iterating
Highly skilled and trained professional with over a decade of experience in Administrative, Supply, Security, and Counseling,
be henratitg

Ce Gains nacurse sitae cule
Cure RH AOU ni ict Me coun aie cae Soe @actiias|
Adobe Reader © Microsoft Office
Wi rerresel@noncil CAB Loceseigcnceal
Novae cntnad * Microsoft Power Point
Strong verbal communication e Effective team kader
Small arms weapons specialist ¢ Supply and logistics planning
Siccssnroees (ang ushineled Ce Dctcorrameeusiiir cel
BictnceBeKuccarc waa bas

Cr eT

Accomplishnents

Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.

OTe Re A Elmer Ronersribsnrrecibentam iy (ast

Received Afghanistan Campaign Medal.

Received 2 Good Conduct Medals over 13 year Military Career.

Received Meritorious Mast whik serving as the Supply Night Crew Supervisor during 6 month deployment to Afghanistan,
Received Certificate of Commendation whik serving as the Supply High Priority Expediter.

Received Certificate of Commendation whik serving as the Supply Accounting Division Subject Matter Expert.

Received 2nd Certificate of Commendation while serving as the Supply Accounting Division Subject Matter Expert.

ee ee ee er

Experience

Company Name City , State Lean Six Sign Black Belt 09/2012

Responsibilities include: Demonstrating team Ieadership, understanding team dynamics and assigning team member roks and responsibilities.
Bhck Belts have a thorough understanding ofall aspects of the DMAIC model in accordance with Six Sigma principks.

They have basic knowledge of Lean enterprise concepts, are able to identify non-value-added ckements and activities and are able to use specific
[oleh

Company Name City , State Aviation Supply Specialist 09/2007 to 03/2015

CMe oe Eehdve pomp cLice Nyce act ache aNt mba haminara brace Con O NaI rtrsyareer eer Cor a
managenent, facilities and storage management, personnel staffing, and requisitioning procedures.

Pee ped Malick kero om adic nen om micecned ec HSU M Manca cee SCCM MALLE NOM L ACR) eau e ratte
and processing and delivering material in accordance with all government reguhtions and procedures.

¢ Inaddition, aviation supply specialists have an understanding of acquisition procedures, provisioning and requirements determination,
material handling procedures, and fiscal accounting and purchasing procedures in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations.

Company Name City , State Nuclear Security Officer II 07/2005 to 09/2007

Access and visitor control officer; to verify and issue the correct credentials and TLDs.

Armed search officer and armed vehick search officer; search of individuals and vehicles for prohibited Alan W.

outlmed in Nuckar Regulatory Commission (NRC) Reg,

UG Seka

Armed mobik and armed interior patrol officer; maintain surveillance over assigned areas, responding to alanys and emergency situations
and accurately reporting on scene assessments to the Security Control Center.

Armed escort officer; responsible for escorting and controlling nor-licensee and emergency vehicks and occupants.

PU rec B iene ee Laem OE eNO LO IE Nes EUs ESI) OSM

To prevent penetration into vital areas and to prevent radiological sabotage by use of deadly/non-deadly force.

Armed weapons control officer; inventory, inspection and clearing of weapons.

Ensure safe handling of weapons during issuance and return.

PtireKaa cag aecom On ie kareteln Analy cd CW Nanectosicara cs) Bi kanecuragnaenns Lobe lns (eM Rs 0¢ oe
law enforcement) first aid responders and firerman.

© Respond to first aid and fire emergencies.

ee ee  )

Company Name City , State Aviation Maintenance Administrative Specialist 06/2001 to 06/2005

© Maintain aircraft log books, naval aircraft maintenance publications/files, and prepare reports, logs records, directives, and correspondence
EE icaclanetacartncseB estima lyin
CMM bchnenieenne pucecsmtae ti neneo arom ucronencemeereeoredce tl rane nest olcaucom pent rsretansrecke re cite oe
