NON COMMISSIONED SECURITY OFFICER

Summary

Seeking an entry level position in a teclnology based company using my skills and familiarization with Appke/Mac/Windows operating systems.
schivor anes

Non Commissioned Security Officer

Current Company Name 1% City , State * Understand and successfilly execute post orders. 4— Manage typical issues and probles
professionally. a— to serve as a general security presence and visible deterrent by continually performing duties in an alert, professional manner. 4
— Detect suspicious activities. Aa— Observe criminal acts and rule infractions at or near my post which may be a threat to the facility, the client or
employees at my work site. i— Report all incidents, accidents or medical emergencies to the appropriate persons including my supervisor, ina
timely manner. A— Monitor C*Cure and closed circuit camera system 4— Issue temporary badges to contractors, vendors, and visitors with
proper identification. A— Monitor temperatures in the server room and reset alanvs ifany due to high/out ofrange temperatures. “Detailed Daily
Activity Reports (DAR) with times and dates of important information. A— Reset "High Temp" alarms on site following procedure and protocol. 4
— Maintained efficient operating systems within a closed/confined area.

Petty Officer 3rd Class Aviation Ordnanceman

Current Company Name 1% City , State *Provide security and physical protection for service members. 4— Train fellow Sailors in security duties.
&— Assist in riot control and riot prevention. 4— Provide vital attack, defense and logistic support to the fieet.

Rt Tica

Company Name i City , State *Clinical trial of investigative FDA drugs and help verify safety and tolerability. a— Supervised by medical
professionals and explore how the medicine acts in the bodies of healthy volunteers. ia— Detailed analysis of how the compound is absorbed,
distributed, metabolized and excreted.

Home delivery technician and warehouse associate

Company Name i/ City , State *Delivery and install appliances in customers homes. é— Unload daily trucks of new inventory. 4— Managed and
inventoried product including hand tools to major home appliances. 4— Janitorial duties in and around the store.

3rd Chass Petty Officer Aviation Ordnanceman

Company Name i City , State *Weapons Systems Operations Install, adjust, and test bomb racks, shackks, ejectors and launchers Test, adjust,
and align aircraft gun systerrs. — Load, download, install and remove aircraft guns and gun components. 4— Load, download, assemble and
disassemvbie aircraft missiks, rockets, and pyrotechnics. i— Troubleshoot electrical and electronic equipment and wiring circuits. Aa— Conduct
authorized searches, conduct surveillance, identify narcotics and dangerous drugs, apprehend suspects, issue weapons and ammunition, conduct
field sobriety tests, administer breathalyzer tests, secure crime and accident scenes, inspect crime and accident scenes, preserve evidence at crime
scenes, seize evidence and contraband, mark and tag evidence and contraband 4— Conduct perimeter checks, provide security escort services,
provide assistance on crime control, shipboard brig security and support, process prisoners upon receipt, escort and guard prisoners “Weapons
Qualifications, 9mm M-14 rifle M-16 rifle 12 gauge shotgun 50.Cal machine gun M60 machine gun OC (Okoresin Capsicum) or pepper spray 4
— Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal 4— Navy good conduct medal Aa— Navy expert rifle/pistol medal

brairestbeny

Associate : Northridge/Eastview/Cedar Park Campus, Criminal Justice , 2010-08-25 Austin Community College Associate Degree, Austin
Community College, Northridge/Eastview/Cedar Park Campus, 08/25/10-12/1511 Major: Criminal Justice *Introduction to Criminal Justice A—
Crime in America 4— Court Systems and Practices é— Introduction to Sociology 4— United States History 1&1 4— English Composition I

Oc UNSC ney LICR eee mere Welton R@aulelleiwele SITLL coHeee Lon me OrSBN IIB C SIDER
COROT UXS I Pe UB Soc crn B ci encln ae eice Le eR A TUMgMsierte

Certification : Small Arms Training , 2004-02-16 Certification, Small Arms Training, NAS North Island, 02/03/04-02/16/04 Fundarrentals in
small caliber handguns. Assemble, breakdown, maintenance and basic shooting drills.

Certification : Special Response Training , 2004-04-30 Certification, Special Response Training, NAS North Island, 04/15/04-0430/04
Response training in riot and crowd control, natural disaster training, man overboard training and first aid training,

History , 2000-05-28 W.B. RAY High School it City, State , US High School, W.B. RAY High School, Corpus Christi Tx, 08/28/96-
05/28/2000 *Science é— History A— Math 4a— English a— Art

Military Experience

Petty Officer Company Name U.S. Navy Reserve, Petty Officer 3rd Class Aviation Ordnanceman, Austin, TX, 02/16/2010-Present *Provide
security and physical protection for service members. 4— Train fellow Sailors in security duties. i— Assist in riot control and riot prevention. A—
Provide vital attack, defense and logistic support to the fleet. PPDI, Phase 1 volunteer, Austin, TX, 05/10/08-04/23/10 *Clmical trial of
investigative FDA drugs and help verify safety and tolerability. a— Supervised by medical professionals and explore how the medicine acts in the
bodies of healthy volunteers. i— Detailed analysis of how the compound is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and excreted. Sears, Home
delivery technician and warehouse associate, San Marcos, TX, 02/10/2008-09/22/08 *Delivery and install appliances in customers homes. é—
Unload daily trucks of new inventory. i— Managed and inventoried product including hand tools to major hore appliances. 4— Janitorial duties
in and around the store. U.S. Navy, 3rd Class Petty Officer Aviation Ordnanceman, Coronado, CA, 11/26/2001-11/28/2005 *Weapons
Systems Operations Install, adjust, and test bomb racks, shackles, ejectors and launchers Test, adjust, and align aircraft gum systerns. A— Load,
download, install and remove aircraft guns and gum components. i— Load, download, assembk: and disassernbke aircraft missiles, rockets, and
pyrotechnics. i— Troubkshoot electrical and electronic equipment and wiring circuits. a— Conduct authorized searches, conduct surveillance,
identify narcotics and dangerous drugs, apprehend suspects, issue weapons and ammunition, conduct field sobriety tests, administer breathalyzer
tests, secure crime and accident scenes, inspect crime and accident scenes, preserve evidence at crime scenes, seize evidence and contraband,
mark and tag evidence and contraband 4— Conduct perimeter checks, provide security escort services, provide assistance on crime control,
shipboard brig security and support, process prisoners upon receipt, escort and guard prisoners * Weapons Qualifications, 9mm M- 14 rifle M-16
rifle 12 gauge shotgun 50.Cal machine gun M60 machine gun OC (Oleoresin Capsicum) or pepper spray 4— Global War on Terrorism
Expeditionary Medal A— Navy good conduct medal 4a— Navy expert rifle/pistol medal

Certifications

Certification, Air Launch Weapons School, NAS North Island, 03/01/03-03/22/03 Certification, Small Anns Training, NAS North Island,
