SUPERVISORY LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
Summary
A target focused, highly motivated , and competent Logistics Manager with a long track record of utilizing peopk, personnel and financial budgets

to obtain positive results. Comprehensive understanding of logistics methodology, Aviation Maintenance Management, inventory control, as well as
demonstrating high standards of work practices with a safety conscious attitude.

Highlights
© Data collection and analysis
PD ccgueers Rests beralesdlicy A
© Analytical thinker cei aia
CEO elise) antes ae en oe
¥ ate eal ‘ © Strategic planner
Bd hs © Works well independently
© Budget management een
© Staffing and recruiting professional
Accomplishments
Leadership

© Supervised 10 Marines and 20 civilians in the issuing to the Department of Defense and NATO units 2,920 pieces of Ground Support
Equipment (GSE) and Aviation Weapon Support Equipment ( AWSE).

Research

* Conducted research which Ied to the development of contingency program for tracking all maintenance actions performed.
I Wee ny lesLan ang

© Responsible for the training /recertification of 21 personnel while utilizing a training budget of $12,000.00 dollars.
Financial Management:

¢ Directly responsible for a fiscal year budget of $ 228,170.00 dollars .
© Maintained 100% accountability ofa large section of equipment worth over $16 million dollars .

Steered daily operations in support of $ 16 million in equipment and supplies with no deficiencies, losses or damages.
Competitive Analysis

© Performed maintenance analysis recommendations to increase maintenance output production numbers while decreasing costs.

schivor anes

October 2009

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Supervisory Logistics Management Specialist

Managing a team of 30 employees in a busy work enviroment.

Establish and implement departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures.

Creating, managing and analyzing performance data and other information .

Ona ial Ee eee UML A GUatinLrNeNclal) Bim iceent selec etebecs

Ability to establish a rapport with people fromall social backgrounds

Ensuring compliance to all Enviromrental Health & Safety goals and objectives.

[Seennehuiem oniienustne ree ianel geal eckiiclaty

Ensuring that each stage of distribution and maintenance process is on time, on budget and to the right quality standards.

FATT tat)

to

PNT saral ty

Company Name City , State Quality Assurance Chief

* Reviewed and edited correspondence prior to release and submission for signature.
¢ Performed ofa variety ofassignments directed toward ensuring acceptability of products, or acceptable kvels of quality in the operations
