FINANCIAL TECHNICIAN
Tinea

Diligent and driven Financial Technician who has achieved success ma variety of rokes with increasing levels of responsibility. An effective
communicator and teat builder with strong analytical, management and organizational skills.

bSHraita nT
¢ Fiscal budgeting knowledge
, a ree Strong communication skills

. ee ¢ Accounting operations professional
uy ecu Lag san ne Tv
: pie ences ¢ Exceptional probkmsolver
a canine © Customer-service focused

© Production scheduling a eenn
¢ HAZMAT training een

Accomplishments

A

Accounting Skills A

PMO use leckeo i aiensucuciin nec RE meen nee nee OR ECommerce leer stele
Auditing A

¢ Extensive experience with Financial Statements audits, reviews, compilations and audits for Govemmental organizations.

xa ae

SEO Ue ecRed i ae OMUCI ECMO E Moennig Nee OR ECO em OU Mr Cmnlimnierre ole
OE FN

¢ Responsible for providing vision and guidance to a group of 8 employees, training them on sufficient project plans and procedures.
Stefanie)

© Trained civil service workers to perform general warehouse duties to Trident Refit Facility standards.

Experience
Financial Technician 05/2010 to Current Company Name City , State

PA eine one ab nemo ee Ro SoM nee Ale ember lnwetg nll

¢ Reviewed and updated daily, and monthly BOR (Budget Operating Report), and OPTAR (Operating Target Report).

¢ Perform weekly safety training and maintain a safe working environment for 8 personnel during normal working hours.

© Ensure all obligated expenditures are in agreement with the monthly financial, and unfilled order listings,

* Utilize the following Navy accounting systems; Standard Account Systems, Fleet (STARS FL), Submarine and Logistics Data Base
(SLDB), One-touch, WEB LIPS, VLIPS, ERP.

Wena bemt sm AUN ELIA Kereta rel Ors meS TT

© Performed various duties that involved analytical or managerial work associated with receiving, handling, maintaining and controlling
pessoa sh

¢ Controlled the combination to the walk in vault were Classified Material is kept until properly tumed over to the appropriate personnel.

© Handled and stored the following mterial: Level 1/Sub-Safe Material, Naval Reactor Plant components, Strategic Weapons Systems
material, Trident planned Equipment Replacement (TRIPER), Depot kevel Repairable (DLR).

© Properly trang new employees on the safe use of MHE (Material Handling Equipment) whik offloading trailers trucks, flatbed trucks.

Storekeeper First Class 02/2003 to 10/2006 Company Nanr City , State

Review and place emphasis on various management reports and corrputer files for identification and correction of errors/exception codes;
ual came uen couse een en Rete a Boone nie wee eben Rice eae OR ce CMe oU mins Aneel eas ornate
Logistic Database (SLDB) information.
