STOREKEEPER II

Professional Summary

‘The purpose of this document is to secure a responsible career position that filly utilizes educational knowledge and experience while contributing
to the goals and values of this organization. Having a fiiendly attitude and worm personality is an appreciated strong point, as it aided in buikling
positive relationships with customers. As a result, repeat and satisfied customers were well known during career at Pioneer Packaging as well as
while working for City of Peoria. Helping peopke is one of my best characteristics. Obtaining several years experience contacting vendors,
answering phones and face to face contact with the public and governmental personnel has honed my customer service abilities. Problem solving
skills and a positive work ethic makes commumication easier. I am devoted and dedicated to serving in any way possibk, and strive to accomplish
assigned tasks quickly and efficiently. Exceptional people skills allow the ability to manage personnel and take care of conflicts, disputes and other
personal needs of employees. Procurement and Purchasing: Over 10 years processing purchase orders. Primary vendor contact for Inventory
Control and Fket parts room purchases. Highly proficient utilizing inventory procurement practices and procedures.

Sag

Monessen
STOREKEEPER II | January 2002 - January 2013

¢ Maintaining and reconciling inventory through ckrical support, using PeopkSoft to procure and receive shipments obtained by purchase
ila

© Create excel spread sheets for reports, manage inventory files and research inventory probkrrs.

© Conduct inventory cycle counts, coordinate stock and document transactions.

© CSR): Provide Customer Service to Departmental and Fleet Maintenance Personnel, process work orders and fill Fleet Purchase
Requisitions, contact vendors to procure fuel, parts and other automobile and truck supplies for fleet services.

© Trainer: Forklift Operator Safety.

Company Name

© Shipping Fulfill orders with use of Infrared Scanning System (FR).

© Forklift operator: Four-stage electronic single person picker for order pulling and staging,

¢ Word processing: Input shipping orders for USPS, UPS, FedEx, and other common carriers.
Ce ero cee eRe ch Locm Omit et meee Cem tr Steal co cele eB eclec welt a

Company Name WAREHOUSE FLOOR SUPERVISOR | January 1996 - January 2001

Performance areas include: Interviewing prospective employees for higher.

Providing daily instruction to warehouse personnel and dispatching drivers for deliveries and pickups.

Routine cycle counts of inventory insure and verify, proper placement of inventory.

Receive all incoming shipments and verify counts create stock locations.

Maintain inventory and quality contro! procedures.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS Personal: Due to specialized training and procurement practices the City of Peoria had an annual savings of
$1500.00 annually on costs of goods acquired by purchase order during career.

By developing a spreadsheet to record material requisitions and receiving logs, our department was abk to stop purchasing preprinted
forms ftom local vendor, as a result monthly operational cost were reduced.

Man hours during cycle counts and order pulling were also reduced through consolidating bulk inventory into more manageable amounts
with the use of poly-bags rather than just dumping items into bin boxes.

¢ Note: The points mentioned above are a small portion of the ideas introduced during career at City of Peoria.

Company Name Aviation Structural Mechanic | City , State

¢ Line division supervisor assistant, plain captain while in line division.
© Worked as an aircraft hydraulic and structural systems mechanic as a member of Naval Aircraft Squadron VS-38.
© Received General under Honorable Conditions Discharge.

¢ NJROTC, (Navy Junior Recruit Officer Training Corps).

Education

Bao eS ouem se COR VOU OCP ACR C Oc COcl MO tos SAO SMEG Casi cH HinTLoncnma Ceci te)

Associate Degree National Education Center City , State

OPA LOW ece ee LOSES HI

cM icles ger Nim hee ee roc hOnr NPN Gali cls iPtoiancl abr iam oe lue loonie am @orlives cm sl out)
Wieder esl RS one Kost O NARS eM Elaine con ba hed sche y auras Once s Lemuel Ue TO nie MON Lor anY Canosa ASIEN
film packaging systems, remove and replace damaged parts and components, and mechanical devices.

Sails

PMN ontisl Dee OO NR or MOI omc Com PAB OSA OnMme Von Mmli Myer dim reed Omar ome or emci rates
inventory, Mechanical, mechanic, Excel, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Windows, Word, Navy, Naval, packaging, PeopkSoft, PeopleSoft 9.0,
Personnel, presentations, procurement, purchasing, quality control, receiving, reconciling, research, Safety, Scanning, Shipping, spreadsheets,
spread sheets, spreadsheet, supervisor, Trainer, Word Processing, Word Perfect
