SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER

BS

iapensta
Operations Manager FIU College of Business MBA Programs

Experience
Novenber 2013 to July 2014 Supply Chain Manager

ei

e

FON aukeo Onis ren eum Leno ei oneenocunt ety aclu mee Lamers creation

Primarily, but not limited to activities relating to master planning, tactical purchasing, receiving, warehousing, and shipping, and general
Pistons RU crestean cia

Created and impkmented Supply Chain Operational Excellence plan and Business Process Improverrent plan to increase ventory tums
(from 4 average tums per year to 7 average annual tums per year) within a high mix, low volume global business environment.

Controlied inventory assets to include expendabk aircraft parts, Rotable and exchange pool assets, chemicals, miscellaneous shop supplies
Preeti sly BKB P CCE e meme cea e o) ztncm

Achieved and maintained KPI's related to inventory tums, purchase price variances, material avaihbility, on-time delivery, past duc backlog,
customer kead time, and overtime premium expenses.

Through both strategic initiatives and tactical response, ensured material availability for fulfilling customer orders on time, meeting target
customer kad times, and fulfilling revenue commitrents.

Responsible for weekly cycle count programand annual physical inventory processes.

© Maintained a key rok in the execution of monthly Sales, Inventory, and Operations (SIOP) goals.

Impknented kan principles, change management process, and best practices, for all purchasing/procurement, material handling/storage, and
Pus Ene

© Developed direct reports to support departmental and organizational continuous improvernent goals.
© Created and managed departmental expense budgets.

Negotiated and executed supplier agreements/contracts by working with cross-functional stakehoKders and suppliers to reach agreement on
eoinaa cena meere bees
Worked closely with department heads from Quality, and Engineering on driving cost reduction programs through the organization.

Established VMI, Kanban, and Consignment as strategies to reduce total cost.

Engaged actively in supplier performance management, measurement and KPI maintenance driving a culture of continuous improverrent
within our supply base.

Ome ciCOR ene cudrmuancn toner ehinicu elm ercckae nis ocicnnenniinibacasil) onan cag
Pasa

Company Name November 2010 to October 2013 Materials Manager

Responsible for sourcing and procuring all material required for repair and overhaul of jet engine and components as well as all contracts for
OU nce cece eb ened queue en CRNZ RSH ey) am

Controlled $1.5 million in component parts inventory while maintaining 12 inventory tums annually.

Directed all purchasing activities and decisions (estimated annual volume $2 million).

Succeeded in cost reduction in procurement ofall supplies, materials and services required to repair and overhaul jet engine components.
Oversaw inventory management; developed and impkmented process improvent tactics to streamline the inventory control, forecasting and
Piece Pee MMe ESUNicemm eral miniee Selves Coico eb years huareem eis e

Managed Rotable assets to include managing inventory levels of repairable and overhauled parts.

© Conducted exchanges, including coordinating shipment of Rotabke asset to customers, and ensure approved core retum meets company

guidelines.

¢ Prepared, solicit, and evaluate competitive bids on outside vendor repairs for rotable parts.
© Manage rotables repair program, including evatuating repair shop capabilities and quality or work performed, negotiating repair agreements,

ee

e

Ro Mmenanentnemineravlnne uncom

Directed and coordinated all fimctional personnel to continually achieve a high degree of professional performance.

Spear headed the transition and implementation of Quantum (Component Control Software), to include all processes from operations
management to all inventory manage moduks seamlessly.

Conducted meetings and presentations with executives and other managers as well as employee groups of over one hundred participants.

Company Name November 2006 to Noverrber 2010 Contracts Supervisor

e

Micrie RMR arcUe aia cs ubcsetliegeneuuc Mow oem acoder nem eenion eee Om Gling
Added Services Programs, valued at $1.5 Billion.

ay eR Conicenceerciber a okaricmice cence ese i RCN SUcd oe) oe CR COE CSN eice ee DO Nem eV aern ed

eee eanin gece Laces iim

Directed the activities and balance the workload of employees to ensure timely delivery of the most competitive prices, resulting n $151 M.
We \otce(ormueic acy

Initiated a departmental wide interest for the customer and their needs, by guiding employees on how to research the customer, what they
do and how we can better support their contract.

Poet secbe raion apa Rolt canon umieR wl Rier dee ORs hisiinin relbecelaiisuicewerrta lance Rubee Kenna

Company Name September 1996 to December 2001 City , State
