SENIOR SUPPLY SERGEANT
OBJECTIVE

To obtain a position in the logistics arena as an Inventory Mamgement Specialist, Logistics Management Specialist, Supply Management
Specialist, or Senior Logistics Analyst within any organization in which my experience, knowledge, and skills will be used accordingly.

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Senior Supply Sergeant 04/2012 to Current

Knowledgeabk of Amy Supply Regulations, Processes, Principles, Procedures, and Concepts of Logistics Management. Responsible for
processing, analyzing and reviewing equipment fielding docurrents.

Managed equipment readiness, retrograde and redistribution. Maintained records for lost, destroyed and stolen property.Coordinated the
execution of more than $5 million in Government Contracts from initial request to contract award.Reviewed and corrected budget estimates and
proposals for completeness, accuracy, and compliance with established regulations, policies, and procedures. Trained Senior Leaders and
Subordinates on Logistics and Supply Operations, and the Property Book Enhanced System (PBUSE).

Company Name City , State Senior Logistics Nonconmissioned Officer 05/2011 to 04/2012

Supervised and managed all logistical operations and expertise in the areas of logistic, supply management, property book management, movement
control, planning, coordinating, monitoring, and executing logistics preparation, sustainment, and battle tracking within the Brigade. Monitored and
ensured that unit followed Command and Supply Discipline Program within the guidelines of the Departrrent of the Army Regulations.Conducted
required inspections with subordinate units in accordance with procedures to ensure proper standards. Identified strengths and weaknesses and
provided alternative courses of action for the unit to improve performance measures. Validated monthly Unit Status Readiness and recorded
results. Provided services to subordinate units/customers ensuring that required needs were met. Maintained detailed equipment analysis reports
for the Brigade.

Company Name City , State Senior Supply Sergeant 02/2000 to 052011

Supervised Anny Force Generation (ARFORGEN) Reset Operations on two occasions which were conducted each time the Brigade retumed
from Theater. Provided material supply maintenance support to ensure that authorized assets were on hand or on valid requisition in accordance
with Army Maintenance Managerent. Ensured proper disposal procedures were implemented while disposing of excess property. Presented
Kev eeu scleee ECHO AS MBE Lo ene OR ode eKeine Rinne ced Com UKiacLelrinekene cil clm iinet eras Roucinenee alto
Fade hee esos Redttisren asa

OO NAN OAR PU ooceseu a oLeeiisere ke iiccm ik erm CniyZ40t0)

Served as the Brigade Property Book Supervisor. Processed and resolved unit level property accounting issues daily ensuring property listings are
accurate and commanders’ hand receipts are updated monthly. Coordinated logistical support for both Annual and Inactive Duty training,

Conducted analysis and briefS on current and future equipment authorizations. Managed the excess program by directing cross-leveling and
provided disposition of equipment to achieve maximum equipment readiness.Prepared and provided professional guidance on property
accountability. Directed and handled the administration of property book records.

OTHER EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION
Job Availability Date: August 1, 2014
Citizenship: United States Citizen

Security Clearance: Secret (Active)

als

Logistics Forecasting/Planning, Project Manager, Supply Chain Management, Inventory Managerrent, Logistics Management,
Purchasing/Procurement, QA/QC, Record Organization/Maintenance, Strategic Planning, Multi-site Operations, Multi-unit Operations, Supply
Policies, Supply Process and Procedures, Budgeting, Customer Support/Services, Data Entry Process, Documentation and record
keeping/Proofreading/Editing, File System Development, Written and Oral Communication, MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Property Book Unit
Supply Enhanced (PBUSE), Property ManagermentPrograms, WBFLIS, LOGDAT, Logistics Information Warehouse (LIW), SSN-LIN
Autonmted Management & Integrating System (SLAMIS), FEDLOG, FAAST, Exchange Pricing, FMSWEB, General Fund Enterprise Business
System (GFEB), Wright Express (WEX),Planning future operations and managing current operations ofa Battalion and Brigade Level command
post. Familiar with Staff Operations, Brigade Combat Teams and Unit Readiness. Ability to type 40 wom.

brairestbeny

Technical Certificate : GFEB 2013 Defense Acquisition University , City, State , US

Technical Certificate, Planning, Program, Bugdeting, Executive : Budget Analyst 2008 Military Training , City , State , US
Technical Certificate : PBUSE 2007 Property Book Unit Supply Enhanced , City , State , US
