UNMANNED AVIATION TECHNICIAN SUPERVISOR
Summary

Solutions-focused, versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting U.S. military operations in roks of
increasing responsibility during a 9 year career in the Marine Cops. Effective communicator who quickly masters new roks and technologies to
achieve positive results with minimal resources. To include 6 years in logistics, transportation, and embarking. As well as 3 years with on-job-
training, and certification as Unmanned Aviation Systems Maintenance Controller.

BS ania}

Microsoft Office Suit, Microsoft Word, Outlook, Internet, Excel, Publisher

schivor anes

Unmanned Aviation Technician Supervisor 02/2011 14 Current Company Name City , State

Willam Russ, Tel: 760.830.7097, Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40.

Volunteer 05/2007 14 05/2010 City , State

Provide emotional assistance to military spouses who Jost loved ones during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: Maintain and develop positive business relationships with a customer's key personnel involved in or directly
relevant to a logistics activity.

Develop an understanding of customers’ needs and take actions to ensure that such needs are met.

Direct avaihbility and allocation of materials, supplies, and finished products.

Collaborate with other departments as necessary to meet customer requirements, to take advantage of sales opportunities or, in the case of
shortages, to minimize negative impacts on a business.

Protect and control proprietary mnterials.

Review logistics performance with customers against targets, benchmarks and service agreements.

Develop and implement technical project management tools such as plans, scheduks, and responsibility and compliance mutrices.

Direct team activities, establishing task priorities, scheduling and tracking work assignments, providing guidance, and ensuring the availability
secelinen

Report project plans, progress, and results.

Direct and support the compilation and analysis of technical source data necessary for product development.

Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerk 03/2008 i4 03/2010 Company Name City , State

Supervisor: Robert Jones, Tel: 910.467.4439, Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40.

Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerk Supervisor 03/2006 i 03/2007 Company Name City

Dougkas Pippen, Tel: 619.405.6480,Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40 Directly supervise 15+ military personnel,

Evaluate employees’ work performance.

Promote team approach.

Share information and search for input from internal and extemal sources.

Maintain accurate docurrentation ofall employees.

Mentor personnel.

TRAINING: Train and instruct staffon company procedures, updates, and regulations.

yrexend ec ine channurteemnererdneeeecc eice Ol cevemecRserd leu cel oce

EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE: Set up and operate ground support and test equipment to perform fimetional flight tests of electrical and
Ocenia siaitcn

Test and troubleshoot instruments, components, and assemblies, using circuit testers, oscilloscopes, or voltrreters.

Keep records of mintenance and repair work.

Adjust, repair, or replace malfimctioning components or assemblies, using hand tools or soldering irons.

Connect components to assemblies such as radio systems, instruments, magnetos, inverters, and in-flight refueling systems, using hand took
and soldering irons.

Assemble components such as switches, electrical controls, and junction boxes, using hand tools or soldering irons.

Josie es oe sna hem ecm) CcesCH eel ried

COORDINATION / COLLABORATION: Coordinate work with that of engineers, technicians, and other aircraft maintenance personnel
Interpret flight test data to diagnose malfimctions and systemic performance probkrvs.

Install electrical and electronic components, assemblies, and systems in aircraft, using hand tools, power tools, or soklering irons.
(Keohane sucteoR WUE Sallie a AL me UNH Meni Lei kno C CMMI CCL O MMR IM Pern res Lule beste
Developed new plans at a fast paced when any changes occurred duc to flight schedule delays, or weather issues.

Conducted baggage inspections, vehicle transportation of passengers/cargo safety onto the flight line, assessed all Hazmt spills in
accordance with our Hazmat Manual, maintained control of over 600+ Marines/DoD components, assembled safety briefs to over 5,000+
Marines, and DoD components.

Executed the upload/download on multiple military cargo planes ina fast paced environment efficiently and an all-weather environment, on
military cargo planes and commercial aircraft by establishing communication with the load planner/pilot and assisting in any request that were
needed to make the mission operational
