PEST CONTROL TECH

Roo siee sees RE Rcloblcceun sina Dae Ronn singe merere eS onde Pome omontnAunntal roses ka cla)
environment and to become an asset to your company. More than ten years experience. Experienced forklift operator able to receive cargo into
eau eM UO ce or MS peacineet re Rola ssuecm oun seed onan Ler) ieee en con kumar ene ncB ol uma eled
instructions as indicated by paperwork. Experience working with lots of different materials. Ability to implement and perform pnis for planned
mmintenance programs. Excellent ability to use hand and power tools applicable to the trade. Ability to read, understand, and follow, safety
procedures. Demonstrated ability to follow oral or written instructions. Able and capabk of lifting 100Ibs, can withstand extreme hot and cold
conditions. Capable of prolonged physical effort, fast problem solver, ability to respect deadlines and to efficiently interrelate with other workers of

the department.
Highlights
CRS issue seca ziied CM Wianc cow
CMsranmencncl © Safety-conscious
¢ Production scheduling © Customer-service focused
© Results-oriented © Strong communication skills
Ce occouters bel onto Wael Doro
¢ Manufacturing background CEMA Be Nenad reais
© Safety Orientation traning © Determined
Ce sats oprie heals}
¢ Packingand scanningorders ¢ _Liffs up to 100] pounds
Accomplishments

Used propane forklift to load trailer at warehouse.

Prepared palkts by following prescribed stacking arrangement and properly tagging palkts.
PAR an cuarcreneb OMe CRO MCRnesTB ITB eA

PCa ee eteucennchna ene Recon

Nowe Glccmini make ation lari eb ne licemisiegeci a incearen peachy eel ate <oce
Packed containers and re-pack darmged containers.

PNoreccparutaianen!

brairestbesiy

High Schoo! Diplo : BASICS 1998 St.Bernard High School , City , State
Experience

Company Name City , State Pest Control Tech 08/2014 to Current
Maintained accurate stock records and scheduks.

Notun ciee bra make nantsd quatutmistndced ned kentincm road ROwnmencemliales) eco esl Lassie RUA cesT aCt en Obcece) ie
CIS Poe yr arm Vole RU CREE h Ae ce SO CRSA aCnIne Renn Mao CaO eco rel namccnceena dma ania

Company Name City , State warehouse/shipping and receiving 09/2012 to 08/2014
ATilaaeisracel san orneninso ei tcom ililinnasa

Selected products for specific routes according to pick sheets.

Processed customs duties and fees quickly to release international shipments.
Oversaw special orders and after-hours, urgent shipping jobs.

Oversaw warehousing and storage practices and housekeeping,

Received incoming shipments and reviewed contents against purchase order for accuracy.
BiotiorenceB iene nent acm Lo cee Biol oom

Worked at a rapid pace to meet tight deadlines.

Verified and recorded the count and condition of cargo received.

Company Name City , State Warchouse/Driver 07/2011 to 08/2012

Selected nroducts for snecific routes according to nick sheets.
