AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST
Summary

Organized professional with superior work ethic and team player attitude. Exceptional quality control, inspection abilities. Commended for honesty,
hard work and positive attitude. Consistent ability to stand for Jong periods of time and safely lift up to 50 pounds.

Service-minded Stock Managerent professional with over 8 years of experience working for leading retailers such as Marine Corps, KFC. Adept
at maintaining adherence to strict guidelines and regulation to maintain safety. Increased efficiency by working collaboratively with cross-fimctional
teams to optimize customer service objectives.

Experienced Stock Clerk with over 8 years of experience coordimting receipt and processing of products across diverse retail environments.
Practiced in unloading, unpacking, labeling and stocking shelves.

Enthusiastic individual with superior skills in working in both team-based and independent capacities. Bringing strong work ethic and excellent
organizational skills to any setting. Excited to begin new challenge with successfill team

Skills
© Stockroomprocedures  ¢ Process improvement
© Report creation © RFI Scanners
© Product organization Cr aero nicttcsl tee ase
CMW Elersionisnicses © Planning and coordination
© Adaptive team phyer Pee Keriberusar and
Ce Goce iehcriceyt) CeO uation
© Dependabk and reliable = Inventory management
* Inventory contro! © Supervision
© Project organization © Teambuilding
© Probkmresolution © Invoice generation
schivor anes
05/2015 to 05/2019

Aviation Supply Specialist Company Name iA City , State

Tracked inventory, conducted cycle counts and audits and resolved issues to maintain accurate records.

Rotated goods in inventory by following d€cefirst in, first outé€ approach to keep shelves organized and well-stocked.

Managed vendor relationships to support supply chain and maintain product quality.

Examined incoming shipments to verify quality and quantity and retumed unacceptable ites to suppliers for refimd or replacerrent.
Coordinated shipping and receiving schedules with production to assist in traffic control on docks.

Readied merchandise for sales floor by marking items with identifying codes and accurate pricing.

Continuously moved and unpacked over 50 pounds of aviation parts packages, maintaining efficiency and accuracy for long shifts.
Examined packages and goods for dannge and notified vendors of specific issues requiring replacement.

Considered individual product requirements and accessibility needs to maximize efficiency of warehouse storage areas.

Prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels and executing shipment documents to facilitate delivery to proper customers.
Organized storage of articles in bins, floor, shelves and assigned areas according to product categories.

Reordered stock to replenish inventory without interruption to production

op cic racine wanlecerrermleccechraulaeiem taste

Assisted coworkers with special projects to eam new tasks while gaining additional responsibilities.

Provided subject matter expertise on inventory levels and processes to internal and external customers to meet diverse requirements and
smooth processes.

ovens Rel oeRecB Lorem retina e ba CaeLe meet

Monitored work areas for cleanliness and fimctionality and removed obstacles to promote safe work environment.

Carried out duties within fast-paced retail enviroment, providing organized stocking methods and plans.

Maintained accurate order and shipment forms and inventory documentation to facilitate timely material flow.

05/2011 to 05/2015
Aviation Supply Clerk Company Name 1'4 City , State

Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.

Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.

Supported Customer Care department by compiling paperwork and taking detailed meeting minutes.
Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
Handkd all delegated tasks, including customer liason and procurement.

Created agendas and communication materials for team meetings.

EredherioileolgOmLnce annie elk ote

Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.

Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
