CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

[Oouw reels

Dedicated and skilled cash administrator who excels at prioritizing, and completing muttiple tasks simultaneously. Committed to delivering high
quality results within a timely manner, with little to no supervision. Energetic, organized, and professional.

Sumnnry of Skils
© Excellent analytical skills
* Microsoft Office, Excel, and PowerPoint proficiency © Cooperative team member
© Quick lamer © Computer proficient
© Outstanding interpersonal skills Pi cunenaymesesiirce
* Issue resolution © Energetic and organized
© Attention to detail

Education and Coursework

Associate of Applied Science : Paralegal 2016 Central Piedmont Community College City , State
Member ofA National Honor Society on Parakgal Lambda Epsilon Chi

RRS.

schivor anes

Customer Service

Data Organization
Fae avers
OT a
Technology Proficient
FO em Op MeL
UEC
Inventory Management
PRB Elance bincies gine Cella he cates mines coe em Boe B ei eB recta
= Demonstrated proficiencies in telephone, e-muil, fax and front-desk reception within high-volume
environment.
= Developed and created effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.
= Developed a strong knowledge of hardware and software while keeping abreast ofnew applications that
increased efficiency and productivity for management and customers.
= Maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for customer projects.
© Improved office organization by compiling daily budget reports, organizational charts and company data reports using advanced
A(oelsalatnecs it rat etm
© Handkd customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to
Prakiticenai LaLa

Work History

Cash Office Administration 01/2016 to 08/2016 Company Name City , State
Aviation Electrician 08/2010 to 08/2014 Company Nar City , State

Os em U PANU ROR AAU Geen aN eel Vm IC

Delicatessen 08/2006 to 042010 Company Name City , State

Prim @lneatlanw stan bed

Lambda Epsilon Chi, May/2016 - CurrentA

schivor anes

Customer Service Representative 05/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

© Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning.

© Expressed appreciation and invited customers to retum to the store.

© Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.

® Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.
© Recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner.

Aviation Electrician 08/2010 to 08/2014 Company Nar City , State

Perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance on 10 F/A-18C aircraft electrical systems and related equipment.

Promoted to Work Center Training Petty Officer April 2012.

Maintain training records for over 19 personnel.

Dedication was key in achieving all available qualifications, leading to the selection of Plane Captain of the Quarter.

Consistently volunteer to assist in aircraft maintenance regardless of the difficulty.

Produce quality work with minimal supervision.

Quickly established as a hard charger with the desire to be a productive member of the work center.

May 2011 qualified on two pieces of Ground Support Equipment and two personal qualifications increasing work center readiness.
Capable of success regardless of assignment complexity, gained greater responsibility with confidence and motivation.

Dispkys a keen sense of duty in the acceptance ofall assigned responsibilities.
