QUALITY CONTROL INSPECTOR

Summary

Southeast Region Veterans Preference: 10 Point Preference based on disability from military service Availability: Full Time, Permanent Profile:
Highly qualified aerospace inspector with over 18 years of rotary and fixed wing aircraft maintenance, inspection, and modification experience on
military and commercial aircraft During my civilian aerospace experience, I have prepared and retained records, documentation, and reports
required by customer contract and/or instruction. Tasked to review and verify technical data to customer requirements and correct data when
nonconforming, In my military career, I am required to work independently repairing and/or manufacturing components for military aircraft. I
interpret blueprints and engineering drawings and then initiate processes or work instructions to manufacture specific components. After initial
setup, I audit and qualify technical data using aerospace quality assurance principles before production is performed.

schivor anes

Quality Control Inspector 10/2011 i Current Company Name City , State

© Supervisor: Hunter Reed (912)-414-1558 Completes classroom and or-the-job training to acquire, exercise, and maintain knowledge of

the duties required to performall inspection task ranging from First Article inspections to process inspections.

Reviewing written quality or inspection procedures for adequacy and evaluating the implementation and efléctiveness of quality/inspection

ESS onrcmm Pale Laca elt gs/ ance

© Reviewing production activities and capabilities considering contract quality requirements.

« Analyzing quality data to detect unsatisfactory trends or weaknesses in the quality/mspection system

© Reading, interpreting, and applying technical data such as blueprints, engineering drawings, product specifications, or technical manuals to
ensure overall customer satisfaction is being adhered Verifying by test or mspection, using sampling inspection or intensive product
inspection techniques, that products comply with requirements prior to acceptance.

Aviation Structural Mechanic 08/2009 4 05/2011 Company Name City , State

¢ Supervisor: John Sherman (912) 661-6824 Performs acceptance inspection on all inbound aircraft to assess the total damage before
beginning overall Reset.

* Orders necessary components to compkte Aircraft reset Prioritized workload and preliminary mechanical inspection of critical flight
controls.

© Fabricated, processed, and installed aircraft critical components that were damaged from hostile flight operations.

* Assisted electrical runs and ring outs to ensure the turmaround time was achieved.

Aviation Structural Mechanie 11/2007 14 08/2009 Company Name City , State

© Supervisor: Robert Macks (615) 946-4685 Qualified to perform various inspections on a periodic basis to include Phase, hydraulic, landing
gear and flight contro! mspections.

© Impkments risk management techniques while performing quality maintenance and inspections on the F/A- 18 aireraft.

© Trains and supervises personnel at all experience and skill levels to ensure a cohesive working team

© Continuously reviews and interprets blueprints and technical drawings to gather customer requirements needed for manufacturing,

© Utilze technical manuals/directives to enable proper work instructions whik performing aircraft phase maintenance.

Aviation Structural Mechanic / Grade E-5 10/1999 i%4 10/2007 Company Narre City , State

© Eight years of active duty service in the Navy (Honorable Discharge) Installed/replaced pneumatic actuators and servos, landing gear and
flight controls on the F/A-18 homet.

© Onboard the USS Nimitz CVN-68 Aircraft Carrier for a six-month deployment during Operation Iraqi Freedom.

© Colkteral Duty Inspector inspecting 14-day, 28-day, daily, and tumaround inspections ensuring aircraft airworthiness prior to flight.

Education and Training

BS : Riddle Acromutical University - Professional Aeronautics 70% complete Professional Acronautics

U.S. Navy Aviation F/A-18 Hydraulic/Structural Repair School *U.S Navy Aircraft Paint Touch Up and Markings *Catia V :
als

Tou OOH MAB nectmOledt oem iced MN Sriietuelrenemcesecnuense 1c
