AIRCRAFT SALES

Professional Summary

Texpect to associate myself with a professionally driven, well-respected organization by pursuing a challenging, responsible, dynamic and
rewarding career and applying my academic knowledge, expertise, skills and enthusiasirg which will assist my career development and contribute
eflectively to the progress of the organization and our society as well. Areas of expertise include investigative policy research and Statistical
Amlysis, proven ability to interact effectively with employee and the public in a professional manner. Great team leader with strong organizational
skills and formidable work ethic. Seventeen years construction management experience, with industrial and commercial construction jobs valued
from four million to hundreds of millions of dollars. Last six years of construction as an owner operator of an Industrial Welding Company. Retired
from Ironworkers Local Union 118 Sacramento on December 7, 2001. Went back to school to Utah Valley University in 2005 received a
Bachelor degree as a Professional Pilot and A Master’s Degree from Arizom State University on December 19, 2012 with a Master's of Science
Technology Aviation Management (Human Factors). Supervisory Skills Able to multitask in different areas-Crew resource managementGroup
team keader Aviation Research and Statistical Analysis Task oriented to help improve safety and efficiency in day A to A day operations. Proficient
with the FAA and Department of Transportation standards and regulations that cover Flight rules (FAR and CFR (s)) and Public Airport policy
Competent in computer data processing concepts Proficient with verbal communication and visual communication techniques for various programs.
Professionally educated to gather information about the human abilities, limitations and characteristics and applying it to tools, machines, systems,
tasks, jobs, policies, and their environments to produce a safe, comfortable and effective work environment. Competent to better understand how
humans are able to safely and efficiently integrate with technology. With this knowledge one can translate this experience into design, training,
standards and policies and to help reinforce individual performances Well versed with, SPSS, Excel, Power Point and some R.

als

Work History
02/2013 to Current
Aircraft Sales Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Research aircraft in various advertisement media.

Oech natn aE age MUM Les Pavaeh mel Mec ema Uci Ae

Research and investigate ifeach aircraft is compliant to FAA (FARS and CFRYDOT standards.

Research and analyze each component on each aircraft.

Research and investigate aircraft bluebook for price differentia.

Help create an appraisal for each aircraft.

Photo each aircraft and their respective log books for the use ofadvertiserent and to make sure the records are current with proper
maintenance and proper weight and balance.

© Help with advertisement and facilitate the sale ofeach aircraft.

01/2012 to 05/2012
Internship Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Airport Safety Inspections (Daily, Weekly and Monthly)

ON iene chemin cid ma cicencscnt rine obarce cn rene

© Uphold current State Aviation Laws Revision and New Aviation tax laws Investigate, research and analysis of loss of customer retention
and fuel purchase income.

* Authored a new written policy for Line Crews Safety Gear (Vest) and designed them Hess Steel Company A C- 60 Licenses.
Owner - Operator Company Name

Oocicariitiirca tance rontonm en wconiy cone Brenna cim
Certified Commrercial Welder

Completed OSHA Safety Training Course.

UNION IRONWORKERS: LOCAL 118, SACRAMENTO CALIFORNIA Supervised and managed crews from3 to 40 men.
Mca cocwrontcrkadiretcrrece enn Mr ltento aca ienntem

case oe Weer elcome cro ccd hire Rorninet ats eic lee Urs ee ACMNClom netiirone utr me Sr snc
FN on

© Commercial construction Industrial construction Plan reading Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), Coordinate ground-up projects
Subcontractor recruitment/supervision Enforcement of codes and safety regulations Read structural engineering drawings Job site
supervision & safety Workflow & project scheduling,

brairestbeny

Graduate Degree : Arizona State University (ASU) - City , State

Master : Science Technology Aviation Management - Human Factors GPA: GPA: 3.5/4.0 Science Technology Aviation Management - Humn
Factors GPA: 3.5/4.0 Applied Project - (FAA Sponsored) - Title: INVESTIGATION AND ANALYSIS OF 14 CFR PART 67 AND AME
GUIDE 47 BEFORE AND AFTER POLICY CHANGE Course Work 33 Units:Aviation LawA viation Labor RelationsInterational
AviationAviation Safety and Human FactorLaw and EthiesIntermed StatisticsAirport Planning and DesignResearch Techniques and Applications
42010

Bachelor of Science : Aviation Science Aviation
