CUSTOMER SERVICE AGENT

I erieter al ES)

OTS aca ee ora BURT E Ng experience in helping peopke with their everyday needs and concems over the phone and in eons
ee eect iitaan eeu tee te ee et eee iNet Une eee) Rtn eoe

Skills

Cocos) 20) cM Oba ere nd

Cr Ceara)

CaO anlky CIO lbs

¢ Docuneniation Safety

* Facsimile Baetinon)

¢ Foms CS laa store)

Raila) © Tekphone

Ba losralve)e] * Troubleshooting

* Microsoft Office © Voice mil

* Office mchines © Well organized
Work History

Customer Service Agent , 11/2020 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

* Assessed passenger documentation to determine destinations and to assign boarding passes.
SECO R Uae conch emeetes pelts cnrance nem er Cap co laraT oot

© Replied to inquiries regarding scheduks, accommodations, procedures, and ae reas

Se eo croron eR Recantrsa preparing required travel documents and forms.

eR oun eS ioyd od manny Coo LB ealLued a cate eal estar handling.

Customer Service Representative , 01/2010 to 12/2020
COVARIEI

SNR Eacousd NaCl onten teat person to provide information about products or services.
PO orlae lees ncoka ta Ee Po bellerce es cakstne Reenter tet tT machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers.

Customer Service Agent, G2 Secure Staff. , 12/2016 to 11/2020
ORIN

* Examine passenger documentation to determine destinations Be Reese elie eg shen
* Provide boarding or disembarking assistance to Taos pce eequod a Barty oe
SCOR Uae Loot eens peelnarrcnce ne Rte Ata parece ecm

© Replied to inquiries regarding SoD enc Losur tein osm eect teenie oe cease

See Od kolon RNIN ce 1 preparing required travel documents and forms.

Sa Sone R Od scaneagaatr tl regarding ticketing and baggage handling,

eel PCOS em PLE OR PALIN}
Company Name a€“ City, State

© Enforce ruks and regulations of recreational facilities to maintain discipline and ensure safety.
SER OL hia CMP E acon acenoncra the crafis, sports, games, camping, and hobbies.
PCa URI a Oe SAIC To Teguhtions and work-related pcan

Library Assistant , 10/2013 to 12/2013
Company Name a€“ City, State

* Maintain photocopiers, scanners, computers, and instruct patrons in proper use of such Cetera
Mc Whoncw cubnelanae Salant yl library books and materials at circulation desk.
© Replied to patrons' questions and assisted in se haeeun eli cae orca

Education

AA : Interdisciplinary Studies/Social and Behavioral Sciences aA)
eee kOe) nee City, State

Sa earache CML

Junipero Serra High School - City

Mua sila

OTS e aay eee ae BAIL OTe

Company Name a€“‘ City , State

SE SCC CC ode onn rant neds etre ree eter eee Else obscusd renal ned eee
ECORI aonrea decorate pe eicrsance ne Rica piscine
