AVIATION RECORDS ANALYST
Summary
Highly organized and detailed-oriented Analyst with 15 years of professional experience providing expert problem resolution and customer support
toA U.S Navy, Marine Corp, and civilian customers.

Highlights
CMA EC dae slices cic) * Extensive technical knowledge
© Fluent commumicator ¢ Proven ProblemsolverA
© Customer service expert © Deadline-oriented
schivor anes
Company Name June 2014 to Current Aviation Records Analyst
lena El CG

© Utilize the SkyBOOKs aviation maintenance tracking application to provide aircraft configuration and maintenance program compliance
data to “build” aircraft electronic logbooks accurately and ina timely manner within a web-based software application (SaaS) providing an
al-around compkte product to the aircraft owner / operator ensuring a precise aircraft maintenance planning and tracking tool.

© Meticulously researched and accurately analyzed over 200 aviation logbooks and other forms of maintenance documentation provided by
aircraft owner operators to determine compliance in accordance with specified maintenance requirements.

© Expertly examined aircraft engine and aircraft specific component maintenance manuals and Instructions for Research Airworthiness
documents to determine required maintenance actions and associated intervals.

Company Name February 2014 to June 2014 Functional Analyst
lena El CG

© Provide information systems technical support including numerous windows servers and two Linux servers supporting over 1,000 military
and civilian customers.

¢ Diligently conducted vital daily server system checks ensuring 100% system avaibility 24 hours a day, performed nightly server back-ups,
release and print batch reports, monitor and ensure continuous successfill system interface with Navy ERP, and provide system maintenance
and troubleshooting when required.

¢ Responsible for ensuring the timely review and updates of the teams vital Standard Operating Procedure technical documents.

Company Name November 2004 to September 2013 Technical Support Representative
lena El CG

SME for the web based Advanced Skill Management (ASM) application's day-to-day operations including the training of Naval personnel
in the use of ASM, electronic and paper record keeping, troubleshooting, resolving and documenting customer issues, soliciting
enhancements, and verification of vital data entry requirerrents into the ASM application for use by the majority of the naval aviation
community encompassing over 4500 military and civilian personnel

Directed the design, development, quality assurance, implementation, and management of approximately 3000 mission critical technical
documents within the ASM program.

Coordinated implementation of new systems, patches and other on-site upgrades, implementation and testing of enhancements to ASM to
ensure maximum utility and fimctionality ofthe ASM system to meet customer needs and expectations.

Single point of contact for collecting and interpreting customer feedback on all problematic E-tool issues and data fromall 19 Naval and
Marine sites and advised higher management as to suggested actions for immediate resolution.

Provided expert user support to the development team on customer needs and assist customers in articulating user needs and

Fremennpe Leribe tm

Company Name February 1999 to October 2004 Aviation Data Analyst E-6

© Proven Aviation Data Analyst for the U.S. Navy at Naval Air Station Jacksonvilk, FL. supporting numerous aircraft and types of ground
support equipment. Performed a variety of fimctional processes using NTCSS Desktop II. Changes NTCSS passwords, monitors and
manages print request and printer configurations, monitors system information, changes application process limits. Maintained system
security. Inputs, extracts, analyze and validate maintenance data; develops and interprets management reports, monitor input of data and the
parameters for up-line reporting and related interface requirements. Performed analysis of aviation 3M data as directed and in support of the
Naval Aviation Maintenance Program Regularly prepared highly detailed data summaries and reports using SQL ad hocs, spreadsheet,
Furies mists emlet cee p cecenelh oice

© Increased analytical focus on vital source docurrents ked to a 50% decrease in component tumaround time from 7.4 days to 3.7 days and a

45% increase in corrosion mar-hour documentation ffom4,950 hours to over 9,000 hours

Expert analytical ability allowed for the timely implementation and accurate management of the Aviation Financial Analysis Tool (AFAST)

application which was directly responsible for saving the command over 3.7 million dollars.

brairestbeny
Downers Grove South High School 1984 High School Diplo City , State , US

Florida State College of Jacksonville Associate of Science : Computer Science City , State , USA Secking Degree in Computer Science and
Information,A 201 1-2015A 3.36 GPA; 55A Semester Hours compkted.A Courses panel FRG Cae coo cen nin ed cram
Hardware Configuration, Software Configuration, Micro-Computer Applications, Database Concepts, Intro to Computer Programing, Orack
