CUSTOMER SERVICE REP
[Oouw reels
To find a long term career that is enjoyable and a great place to work. Being able to support a family is a big plus as well!
Core Qualifications
CO varltorpisiscasnasd

© Natural leader
. Ngee ane LcteS Pech AV Aree earn
: raced scator ¢ Preventative maintenance
area eee © Enployee relations specialist
a Vaan wr r © Service solutions expert
Aor cer . Pl De Lea
Cee © Conflict Bea cLag
Pay nee vate © Devoted to data integrity
aEeeenn ren es © Negotiation competency
Si bidie * ‘Troubleshooting skills
: Ex ean peanarin kills © Tekcommunications knowledge
i, Repo sinceeninnnebcaies ¢ Proficient in customer account software
© Change management Financial records and processing CM Mimeisnedcuennlaauaritamceiusicg
1g anne
SUC err css ae rearianeain fre aieianceaald (CRM)
© AED taining (2014)
Superior custorer service
© Diagnosis and repair
Education and Training

2014 Aviation Warfare Operator-Al A School - City, State , US Select One, On The job training for Electronic Warfare Operator 8 moth
school dedicated to familiarize the student with the Boeing 737 platform keamed in-flight emergency procedures, crew resource managerent skills,
system operations, preformed basic aircraft maintenance. Acoustic/ Radar signal interpretation

High Schoo! Diplomm 2012 Naval Aircrew Candidate School - City , State , US 4 week school to make sure we are qualified to fly. Aviation
Physiology, Combat First aid, Aviation mis-hap survival skills, familiarization with all aircrew fixed and rotary wing aircraft, crew resource
Pieatesye were es <li

Moon Valley High School - City, State , US

Accomplishments

Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. Maintained 100% accountability ofa large aircraft equipment and tools worth over SI million
ona daily basis. Promoted twice at Discount Tire in less then a year. Highest scoring student in the training program at Progessive Leasing, I hold
ledge) Cucnieten ey cleing nike ey

Aug oanan at acs

Customer Service Rep Jul 2015 to Current

Company Name - City , State Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. Made reasonable
procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer
inquiries. Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes. Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and
accurate fashion. Maintained up-to-date records at all times. Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear
communication. Worked with upper managerrent to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction. Built customer
byalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. Formulated and enforced Service Center policies, procedures and
quality assurance measures. Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow.

Aprentice Tech Jum 2014 to May 2015

Company Name - City , State Followed checklists to verify that all important parts were examined. Examined vehicles to determine the extent of
dammge or malfimetions. Communicated with customers regarding vehicle issues and potential repairs. Operated pneumatic tools and air
compressors. Removed and rephced tires, Wheels and Lugs. Contributed to repeat and referral business by using strong customer service and
problem solving skills. Organized work records and filed reports. Ordered accurate amounts of parts and supplies to maintain necessary inventory.
Guided mechanics with decisions conceming repair and replacerrent of parts.

Aviation Warfare Operator Electronic Operator Jun 2012 to Jum 2014

Company Name

Coordinated all departrrent fictions for team of 250 employees.

Verified and logeed in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.

Coordinated with airport vendors regarding fielmg and catering logistics.

Operated full cabin management systems, including the APY-10 Radar, ELetronic Support Measure, Radios, Integrated Friend or Foe
tila reyes

Dri Picade CSP CeNonNat eC T cP eB ocecu Cem CIcn POL ew Ee ECB LCCCccH LA

Updated the flight crew and briefed fellow staffon changes in preflight briefS.Successfilly completed Crew Resource Management develop
professional skills.

Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.

Prepared equipment for all operations. Verified that all required information was readily available and displayed correctly. Tacked
maintenance actions and completed records. Troubleshot manufacturing and inspection test equipment on electronic parts of aircraft.
