PATIENT CARE TECHNICIAN

Summary

Enthusiastic and hardworking nursing school graduate. Graduated Salutatorian and Magna Cum Lauda from Chamberlain University. My can-do
attitude has led me to be a valued member to all my prior employers. I am extremely dedicated and always strive to provide the best service
possibk,, one that I can proudly put my name on. I understand the importance of getting the job done correctly the first time, and ina timely
mnner. I will be a strong advocate for my patients and for the healthcare team I work for.

schivor anes

12/2016 to 07/2017

Patient Care Technician

© Interviewed patients, measured vital signs, and documented all information on patients’ EMR.

* Assisted nurses in pre-and postoperative therapy with treatments; inserting and discontinuing Foley catheter, discontinuing IV catheters, and
maintaining IV fluids.

* Collected and prepared laboratory specimens, preformed glucose monitoring.

© Transported patients via wheel chairs and stretcher, assisted patients to ambulate around the unit.

© Notified muses of any conditional changes of patients in my care.

® Provided care and comfort to all patients, ensuring the best possible care.

06/2010 to 12/2014
Server Company Nane

Assisted patrons during selection of food and beverages by presenting menu, and offering recommendations.
© Transmitted orders to bar and kitchen by recording patrons’ choices; identified patrons’ special dietary needs and special requests.
© Protected establishment and patrons by adhering to sanitation, safety, and alcohol beverage control policies.

PAU ORO P00)
Aviation Electronic Technician Company Name

¢ Drastically reduced aircraft discrepancies by 30% during my tenure with Patrol Squadron Sixteen.

© Troubleshot, replaced, and repaired critical electronic equipment on 17 different P-3C aircraft avionic systerrs.
* Responsible for accurate and timely updating of aircraft log books.

¢ Accountable for over 10 junior sailors in my work center.

07/2000 to 08/2005
Company Name

° Assisted DVM with medical examinations, triaged incoming patients and managed clients throughout their visit.

CEB grslest Eis ce Oe TuLOR a cosine nin eal g cle CMe neat niCONCRneaaipeci vey TM ECs CCM (ccaneslesioee eeacye e2l
Sey cece li gem

Zoro rirecRucr ni Guest cw och cenibe be ceeniend

Gave vaccinations, obtained blood samples, and administered medications.

Monitored and appropriately documented patient vital signs and activity.

Ol laaoie libel ooR ih laleice On nadenorih Ric ann igi cccsice

Education and Training

A eae.

Bachelors of Science Degree : Nursing Chamberlain University i City , State Nursing

May 6, 2011

Associates of Arts Florida State College of Jacksonville

pinay

Registered Nurse- State of Florida July 18, 2017 *American Heart Association Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification Preceptorship at UF
HEALTH EMERGENCY DEPARTEMENT: *Stabilized and managed basic life support of high acuity patients. *Triaged patients according to
their acuity. *Assessed and collected data on patient health history and current condition. “Coordinated with health care team, including
physicians, pharmacists, and technicians. *Initiated corrective action when equipment or patient showed adverse or worsening condition.
*Documented all information concisely, accurately, and according to hospital policies. *Inserted I'V catheters, administered I'V fluids, and
medications when appropriate. *Collected blood specimens and interpreted lab results. *Collected and prepared laboratory specimens, and
performed glucose monitoring. *Assisted physicians in performing procedures. *Initiated patient education, including how to manage illness/njury
by explaining post treatment home care needs, diet, exercise, self-administration of medication, as well as referrals. Clinical Experience: Over 400
hours UF Health *Transitional Care Unit *Neurological Medical Surgical *Orthopedic Medical Surgical *Labor and Delivery *Neomatal Intensive
Care Unit *Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Step down *Pediatric Emergency Department *Intensive Care Unit Northeast Florida State Hospital
*Mental Health Nursing Memorial Specialty Hospital *Medical Surgical

Skills

anesthesia, C, clients, policies, presenting, recording, safety, surgery, therapy, vital signs, x-rays

Additional Information

¢ Licensure: *Registered Nurse- State of Florida July 18, 2017 *American Heart Association Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification
Preceptorship at UF HEALTH EMERGENCY DEPARTEMENT: *Stabilized and managed basic life support of high acuity patients.
