AVIATION ELECTRONICS TECHNICIAN
Summary
Administrative Expert*Employee Advocate Leading with consistent work ethic, attitude and professionalism HIGHLY SKILLED AND
SUCCESSFUL PROFESSIONAL with solid and diverse experience in comprehensive military and civilian kadership settings. Currently secking
to kverage academic background with professional expertise to secure a challenging and rewarding position in Business Management with a
company that is established and poised for growth. Demonstrated proficiency in Human Resources and Financials with outstanding ability to
effectively oversee complex projects from conception to completion. Articulate and dynamic kader demonstrating professionalism whik handing
various organizational fimetions. EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATOR AND LEADER with MBA and BA in Accounting, Organized and detail
oriented exemplifying professionalism, with an astute ability to manage multipk projects and tasks under high- pressured circumstances.
Administrative leader, utilizing innovative management and leadership strategies to facilitate team development and project execution. Highlighted
kadership qualities and the ability to work with and manage individuals from diverse and cultured backgrounds, while promoting team values.
Prenat)

© New employee orientations © Quickbooks

¢ Microsoft Office Suite expert ¢ Maintains confidentiality

© Human resources audits © HR policies and procedures expertise

¢ Stafftraining and development © Exceptional communicator

Accomplishments
Audited an HRIS database and received special recognition with a 4€o¢Thank You Award.4€Leadership
© Served as key contributing member to Leadership team
Maintamed 100% accountability of'a large section of equipment worth over $50,000,000 during multiple overseas deployments.
Peratigen nice
© Wrote and edited docunents to keep staff informed on policies and procedures.
Process Improverent

¢ Created new departmental procedures manual.
CP coon Reg ialh em erhinnen cacy

Hiieltoatwenian ec)

© Applied safety procedures and policies as outlined in Department Safety Manual.

Experience
Aviation Electronics Technician
January 2003 to November 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Winner of numerous awards for training and supervising military personnel in the compktion of >2,000 maintenance exercises, as well as

Freee nated Omelet ecm Oma niRAthekureccetchEcdmr Cry eaten ke caleesnceirl On

Awarded for implementing innovative electronic travel chims processing system and coordinating the phase-out of'an out-of-date legacy

PSSM ea Le OSB Lo crane ee

¢ Successfully captured accounting errors placed on orders, preventing a substantial financial loss of >150K.

Maintained position of Equal Opportunity Manager (EOM) for 4 years, conducting organizational climate surveys to assess trends and

problematic areas - developing affinmative action to address immediate concems.

Also responsible for EO policies and issues; EEO coordination; Conflict Management; Inspections, Investigations, and Reports.

Tasked as Department Training Specialist, ensuring on-time delivery of stringent training prograns.

¢ Relevant Skills and Areas of Expertise Employee Scheduling, Staff Training and Development, Budget Development, Compliance,

Interpersonal Relation Effective Communications, Strategic Analysis, Expense Reporting, Troubkeshooting Techniques, Critical Thinking

AP/AR, Work Flow Planning, Cash Flow Analysis, Revenue Generation, Cost Control, Business Strategies Transitional Core

OO ace PCOS MLG Ce MM alintdemoribenenm ion cceawe oananilesiaauncgelonera stein

Provide organizational direction with exceptional ability to gain and maintain trust, building cohesive relations across multiple organizational

phtfonvs.

© Commendabk interpersonal, organizational, multitasking and management proficiencies.

PME Ao sleclru lout a yALUET neat a eb rea ceko edn eta me oe LNe een eC cens PASIo aia OR CULO vey areca cares
follow-up to ensure task compketion.

© Develop departrental budgets and pricing strategies; providing financial management, document control, communications and revenue
ase) aub ese

Direct classification studies successfillly designed to identify duties and responsibilities assigned to various employee positions.

Ensure effective execution ofadministrative, HR, accounting, and financial aspects of related operations, while meticulously analyzing and

ces eC eC Ne ONL neem mronened ee elbow i cise ston

© Manage comprehensive, complex human resources management procedures such as personnel administration, and/or staff development,
