OUT V ORANG aCe

PMB NAAA la ccclukuonmevennrene critica
© Special Hiring Auth: Veterans Pref(VEOA)

Sag
© Sceret SecurityCkarance © Critical thinking
Pe Zisyeusrreiinaieun’ * Team building
¢ Budget analysis ¢ Written and oral communication skills
CRM brhaisceeBetc onan’ CMe geome pseatcniarld
© Schedule mangement * Microsofi Office Suite expert
Nt sci ag

Accomplished Operation Management professional with 20+ years’ witha broad scope of experience driving process improvements, financhal administrative, and
See ee a aun a LLU Oe AUN CEo Onda Aca lei Reon cm arosetalcon mond coeg ieee Meeps se ster development. Oversee all
aspects of operations including HR/financiaVaccounting, and inventory control.

Raed tre Patmeen eli nipasiid

Managed all financial activities for program operations for $1.8M in travel fimds; reduced regional expenditures by 8% annually.

Met managerment goals by screening over 1000 personnel records for the necessary skill sets and appropriation of talent acquisition and kader fate oan
Authored strategic integration and implementation procedures increasing production time by 20%.

Continues to received commendabke ratings annually fom cooperate and regional inspections,

Increased performance scores 60% by developing new employee processes.

Managed the daily operations of 18 Aviation maintenance courses and supervised the training for over 650 military and foreign national students.
ee Bu Maru oadnlinesicier oscar clo omnis ranica blo tat ec PLS a

Incorporated the first ever advance composite aircrafl process that assisted the Amy composite program manager in writing new iuaateness

Cr

Alea stern
Cerlu unis cmb AU REGU’
Company Name a€“ City , State

ym OTraribensivanasen snd

Sere eE eee NU mer Quem Det onl sol ms smu B Lieberson taorey cree

¢ Ensures compliance with established policies and procedures; ked staff training initiatives to maximize productivity.

ME eR ogo uoa tea Ssh ToC eae t inn Leon CE Eran aE eon ee eNaU rem Lal od nicer at sree
lccan owe

* Develops and executes marketing programs and gencral business solutions resulting in increased regional exposure, customer traffic, and tracking system.

Role: Financial Management

Authorizes for the mission and the authority to obligate finds to support TDY travel.

¢ Assumes ownership ofaccounting, forecasting and strategic supply planning, Forecasted operating costs for scheduled projects by strategizing with other
Clap a ce

© Manages high volumes of financial activity ina fast-paced, risk-based corporate environment.

General Manager , 11/2009 to 08/2012
Company Name i€“ City , State

© Managed the Quality Control, Unit Supply, Aviation Automated Logistical Supply, Production Control, and Administration section.

OSE een een aR ee LL ES poate L@en eng abel nre Reach roars gg onl yaar see

© Oversaw unit training calendar and scheduks, forecast training requirements. Manages the Defense Travel management System, Anny Training Requirements
and Resource System and understanding of Microsoft based programs.

ee eine kn coca ok lipn urban o vara uonl Gen stages Seelrennkenl ikocct aoe

OSGi ec ers uncer R us ceutical kat cok tcp yet cs

Logistic Manager , 01/2012 to 10/2012
Company Name a€“ City , State

* Coordinated and managed resident training activities in the ficld of aviation logistics and maintenance, to include utilization of training resources, facilities
utilization, upkeep and modemization, and the recognition and establishment of new facilities requirements as necessary to maintain the quality of the training
pteiliv em

© Identified and managed un-programmed requirements, training program constraints; training and support schedule synchronization; Pilate siecel Noite g
Dole yee Meum aika ee Me eee opener NOM easier t etic ti Coctieana

© Coordinated aviation mintenance resident and non-resident training issues such as unique on-site instruction of Active Army and Reserve components
through the use of Displaced Equipment, and New Equipment Training Teams.

Senior Training Specialist , 11/2009 to 122011
Company Name i€“ City , State

* Served asa Training Instructor and subject matter expert performing instructional and training development work in the Structural Branch, at the Structural
PD era aD STO e

© Managed the course material for assigned blocks of instruction within comprehensive courses, providing training materials and aids as needed, conducts
plitform instruction, and administers practical exercises and examinations for students.

eee nsec oat Ce Gunes Racin mnikecn annie rents Ooetc Myles Die eee RScrTetd
