QUALITY ASSURANCE MANAGER
Professional Summary

Outgoing Quality Assurance Manager with 8 years of munagerial experience in Aerospace. Committed to high standards of product inspections
and customer service with extensive knowledge of EVO & Microsoft office use. Adept at collaborative with various departments for
comprehensive quality control, Methodical with superb probkenrsolving and analytical abilities. Keeps meticulous records and identify and
troubleshoot problems. Specialties include operational improverrents, program impkmentation, and docurrentation. Well-rounded with a leading-
edge approach to identifying imovative ways to provide quality, scheduling, materials management, purchasing, inventory control, and logistics
RT ca OR eoR erature eae bsiiNT

Accomplishments

* Impkmented NADCAP AC7108/1 throughout the facility.
© Initiated and implemented CMMC Compliance.
* Created and administered FOD Program compliant to NAS412.

als
© Process Improverrent * Knowledge Of Quality Systems
© 6S/LEAN/KAIZEN Principles CP nrena recent ot)
© Compliance/Reguhtions © Quality Management
© Identifj/Analyzc/Resolve Probes = *_- Process Control
© Supplier Quality Cae cits) eccmelierel ays 6)t)
PesinvidtcinetnemeCareeserasd © Root Cause Analysis
Cae go baminneiarrand © Presentations
Work History

Quality Assurance Manager 07/2011 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Specified quality requirements of raw mnterials with suppliers.

Recorded, analyzed and distributed statistical formation.

Reported production malfinctions to managers and production supervisors.

Inspected products and worker progress throughout production.

Collected production samples regularly and performed detailed quality inspections.

Provided analytical, planning and coordination support on projects as assigned, reviewing, interpreting, analyzing and illustrating data to

stimulate and support enlightened decision making,

Inspected, verified and documented quantifiable characteristics of finished goods, comparing against custorrer specifications and company

quality standards to achieve acceptable product.

* Demonstrated talent in directing all aspects of process improvement, quality control, regulations and compliance.

Supervised 4 support departrents: customer service, purchasing, warehousing, quality

© Higt-impact team player with proven ability to slash variances and error rates through strong management practices and strict adherence to
policies and procedures.

© Valuable expertise in AS9000, ISO9001 and NADCAP intemal and extemal auditing in facility as well as all critical suppliers.

Proven track record of reducing cost of quality: Scrap reduction of 7%, NCR reduction fiom 1.41% to 0.03%, while managing all aspects

See EsLiN

Demonstrated talent for analyzing problems, developing procedures, and implementing efficient, cost effective and innovative long-term

viable solutions while assuring compliance with contractual obligations

© Developed and implemented KPT's for internal management and customer review.

Impkmented and obtained NADCAP certification within 7 months and initiated cybersecurity CMMC certification with NIST 800-171

Compliance

Developed new systems, processes and methods, which increased quality by over 50% and reduced costs directly and indirectly by over

$60,000/yr

Program Director 01/2005 to 01/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Marketing, teaching 4 classes per day, class management of 20+ students, and recruitment.
Parken cor cme Ucn mCo Hii alaeee ol Mn oR Rabeiciejeelatta kites ie

Build rapport, follow MAS procedure, filing, and editing.

Responsibk, with advisement of Chief Instructor, for class curriculum

Aid students in meeting all requirements for their program.

Communicate with Chief Instructor and other appropriate businesses to form new relationships.
Carry out project activities (c.g. seminars, demo's, etc.).

Oversaw tournaments of 200+ competitors focused on weapons, forms and sparring.

Purchasing Coordinator 01/2008 to 01/2010
