PASSENGER SERVICES OFFICER

Professional Summary

A hard working and self-motivated Australian professional willing to leam and develop new skill. I ama dedicated, organised and methodical
individual. I have good interpersonal skills, aman excellent team worker with an active and dynamic approach to work. I am flexibk, reliable and
possess excellent time keeping skills. As an aspiring business professional, I am looking to utilize my current analytical skills and knowledge as well
as firther develop these skills in a practical and fast-paced environment.

Skills
© Customer service specialist
Cie gecrea © Expert probkemsoher
* Calmunder pressure © CPR certification
© Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations = * Multiline phones
© Cabin technologies © Passion for travel
© Calm under pressure
Work History

Passenger Services Officer 11/2013 to 07/2014
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

System and Product Training: Compkete Systems training: Amadeus Altea Customer Management System
Compkte Product Training: Singapore AitlinesA

Passenger baggage handling and flight check-inA

Checked in an average of 60 passengers per check-in

Being a team player by helping colleagues achieve targets and solve problems to meet daily KPIsA
Serving customers in a polite and professional manner according to Singapore Airlines standardsA
Dispatching flights on time which included overseeing the boarding of the aircraftA

Demonstrating an in-depth knowledge of key health and safety standards used within the industryA
Morente CP riiektuaa look binecs @uceren terrence eter

Consistently achieved airline on-time performance standards

Demonstrated the ability to handle complex situations within the given industry safety measures
Significantly improved the customer experience, regularly converting unhappy customers to very satisfied customers, something that earned
me employee of the month in June 2014.

International Travel Consultant 04/2010 to 10/2013
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

Ratna Neal coe ces CMO Carel PBec <eyM Ol ora eimtcorenates econo tne yy
Compkte Product training: Customer sales processA

Selling Travel products to a wide range of clientsA

PO Nanacto nm cagetr cc semennsimetarccremsrmrercpin mac ntns.y
Being a team player by coaching colleagues on the saks process to reach store revenue targetsA
Adopting business strategies including local store marketing and financingA

Dealing with customer comphints

Ferenc rs TORONTO.

Liaising with airline representatives and wholesales

Liaising with wholesalers to drive sales and meet targets

Non ncieon scone carers RUC Hprla eke einen anor

Repeat client base of approximtely 60 per cent

Demonstrated resilience and ability to upsell products, consistently meeting KPIs by adding more value to sales
Significantly improved negotiation skills, regularly converting customers from point of enquiry to sale
Gained self directed leaming and development and problem solving skills.

Corporate Travel Manager / Staff Developer and Trainer 08/2014 to Current
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

Assisting with on the job sales, product and systems training for new staff members.
© Developing staffin core competences to ensure success.

Reema ated a coed acme le ork crocnem ee iiiarrance.

Ensure all bookings & reservations are processed accurately.

omnia mlsrita ecm ian vom he wrcnhanran

Filing, photocopying and general administrative duties.

Sareea canes ecm Roane

Ability to achieve branch, teamsaks and profitability objectives. Up selling relevant add-ons, like, insurance, excursions, etc.A

Noon tinegue Nor ern d ce rR PNM Cc eeen Ere Renee anc RU keca kre

Booking rail, hotel, domestic and international air travel. Monitoring competitor activity in order to maintain the most competitive rates.A
