GOVERNMENT RELATIONS, COMMUNICATIONS AND ORGANIZATIONAL DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

Strategically grounded, highly experienced leader* Quickly establishes trust and effective working relationships * Focus on effective
communication between teams * Creative, articulate and resourcefill * Successfiil at team mentoring and develop individuals into leadership
*Tnnovative, energetic and a good sense of humor

als

Work History
01/2014 to Current
Government Relations, Communications and Organizational Development Director Company Name a€“ City , State

© Government Relations and Communications WSDOT Toll Division Leadership: Develops strong partnerships with fimctional teams
throughout WSDOT and region in delivering toll projects.

Oversees implementation of continuous improvement and Lean project.

Represents the division with the media, goverment and industry representatives, and citizens.

Government Relations: Serves as a strategic advisor to department executives on key tolling, communication and legislative strategies.
Communications: Leads strategic communication and government relations delivery plans with intemal employees and stakeholders for the
WSDOT Toll Division.

Distills complex financial and technical information into clear graphic storytelling and understandable communication.

Facilitates resolution workshops on policy conflicts between internal and cross functional partners.

Leads external communications team leverage of current social media tools.

Teanr 2 managers, 8 staff Director of Budget and Program Development Washington State Ferries Leadership: Built strong partnerships
between diverse internal partners and external stakehoklers.

Cultivated Lean initiatives and projects in partnership with agency executives.

Developed organization's performance management program.

Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption ofnew program.

Initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting.

Spearheaded cross-fimctional initiative to achieve [objective] .

08/2008 to 09/2011
Director of Program Managerrent Company Name a€“ City , State

© Greco ked the Program Managennnt for the AWV program with a $3.125 billion budget.

© She ked high performing global teams with differing goals towards an aligned matrixed organization with direct and adjacent reporting
ita ett ace

Greco kd budget, finance, human relations, communications, real estate services, consultant and third party agreements including railroads.
Greco ked complex negotiations for executive leadership with differing priorities and goals for technical agreements of the Bored Tunnel
pceae

She was responsible for financial forecasts, budget development and accounting for the AWV program.

Directed 5 managers and a team of 33 employees.

Developed and rolled out new policies.

Hired and trained [number] of staf

Impkmented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce tumover.

Partnered successfilly with [departments, clients] to produce [positive outcome] .

04/2006 to 08/2008
Project Director, I-90 Corridor and Sound Move Projects Company Name a€“ City , State

© Directed delivery of design and construction projects for high capacity transit in the I-90 corridor and for the completion of Sound Transit
Sound Move projects. Oversaw improved partnering and project coordimtion between WSDOT and Sound Transit design and engineering
teams for direct access facilities and Link light rail on the interstate system Greco managed the leadership alignment for the Urban Corridors
senior management team including the three mega projects, Alaskan Way Viaduct, SR 520 and 1-405.

COA AM ont eI PAUK)
Manager, Aviation Services and Planning Company Name a€* City , State

© Oversaw delivery of the WSDOT Pilot and Aircraft Registration Program, Aviation Planning, Outreach and Education Program

© Provided leadership support in the reorganization and relocation of the WSDOT Aviation Division.

* Created the WSDOT Airport Land Use Compatibility Program, which now serves as a national model in protecting airports through local
land use planning,

© Restructured the Aviation System Plan into a dynamic web-based resource tool for the 129 airports in Washington.

* Managed consultants for delivery of the statewide pavement mamgement program,

¢ Provided staffsupport for the 2002 Joint Legislative Audit Review Committee Aviation Division study and the 1998 State Aviation Policy.

Public Affairs Specialist Company Name a€“ City , State
Served as spokesperson to national and intemational media including crisis managementincluding the Pan Am 103 bombing, and numerous aircraft
accidents. Provided media training to senior managerrent as well as support during media interviews including the television shows, 60 Minutes and
