SENIOR AEROSPACE QUALITY ENGINEER
Profik

SDa unease sag

Total Quality Management, SPC, QFD, Mistake-Proofing, Root Cause Corrective Action, Value Stream Mapping, Gage Capability, PFMEA,
OMT CR RONDO SRST TOOReo UCN LON .e

Results-driven Mechanical Engineer with solid product engineering and QA experience.
Pcroronam on omeing cru Lecm nits a comonaneke ua esimet en cuncentrcses Mire brr iors niin

RSI
SUM Thine oer Mb ane
CRM Pr U HCE cH W SBN) ;
Cielraiyzoor ive ° ini
, sienna ¢ Material Properties
ORESirereg oresan rican ks 4113 ¥ aaa
Pie greece ni scouciian’ : Paine, pee
© Operations research ae sis
¢ Relability Testing uct Engineering
Pee Ccdiicteos Dinanseniity

Accomplishnents

I esvcvag tuscany

¢ Liiised with MRB to modify and improve overall product performance.

¢ Eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustrents.

CER nUtel Panis

© Performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department,

Fem Lata aeN
© Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were compkted to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.
aeRO LOE

Served as document contro! specialist to design micro precision apertures, shect metal enclosures, membrane switches and cabling, while
following proper standards.

Professional Experience
Senior Aerospace Quality Engineer
February 2009 to September 2014 Company Name 1% City, State

Handled the authorization ofall internal blueprint and UTC revision changes.

Supervised the Non-Destructive Testing and ETL hb.

Performed AS9102 First Article Inspections and prepare all applicable docurrents for submittal per AS 9100 standards.

Directed Kaizen and Lean Manufacturing meetings weekly in front ofan audience of about thirty engineers.

Identify negative quality trends and initiate appropriate corrective/preventative actions.

Lead project engineer of the JSF F-35 ramjet development stages.

Any engineering changes required my prior approval.

Review, authorize, and sign offall process routers making sure quality clauses and customer specifications are documented and
acknowkdged.

WEP Por mleck OUalina\VAnanUnacharcmean bier etee Recor) m

Collborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects.

Oreste tes leis piel oud ae eonec meer R re nenesiceceteo ns MN ceniinecmtanrenalienol Ml rence by Aloysia
PWveltetonmon arom MRM Crear eC mane 18

Trained junior level Quality Engineers on how to properly organize FAIR packages and ako taught them helpfull Six Sigam methods.
Handkd all regulatory complaints from agencies such as the United States DoD and FAA and took appropriate corrective action.
Progressive knowledge of the Codes of Federal Regulations as they pertained to GE Aviation.

Cr ee ee 2 ee

Materials Program Manager
