AVIATION EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Summary

Seasoned leader who possesses eflective decision making, analytical, organizational, communication, and problem solving skils. A strong
background in cross-fimetional team leadership, with extensive experience leading and coaching a very diverse group ofemployees. Skilked in
operations and project management with a strong sense of accountability and initiative. Comfortable managing compkx operations autonomously
while maintaining a strategie focus aligned with the organizations vision and centered on its values. Experience consulting with business units and
customers, gleaning kessons leamed to implement process improverment throughout the enterprise. Committed to the highest level of ethical,
professional, and personal excellence

Highlights
© Strategic planning
© Global and strategic sourcing
© Negotiations expert © Affirmative Action compliance
* Teambuilding ¢ Affirmative Action compliance
PR OoNs coral neiemaenatenans ¢ Innovative
© Process improvement strategies © OSHA inspections
© Inventory contro! ¢ Affirmative Action compliance
¢ Contract managenent © Personnel records maintenance
CMe eal seca me niet © Employee relations
Ce grrereni@iieubanenesece li © Training and development
© Troubleshooting and problem solving ¢ Hiring and retention
© Contract review and recommendations
© Dedicated

Accomplishments

be iTinsteB ecole cele

© Reduced employee tumover by 10%.

schivor anes

AVIATION EXECUTIVE OFFICER

April2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

* Second in command over a 42 personnel United States Army Air Ambulance Detachment, assuming responsbilities of detachment
Cosh com NEST eRe ar ean ase

© Managed $60mil of organizational property, $5mil budget, Defense Travel System, Government Travel Charge Card, Government
rid Rum ODoranae een een yislkan eevee

© Maintained 24 hour / 365 day operational readiness and medical evacuation support to the 327,000 acre Yakina Training Center despite a
logistical intensive aircraft transition from 8 x LUH-72A Lakota helicopters to 4 x UH-60A+ Blackhawks within a short four month time
period.

¢ Accurately projected and allocated a $5mmil budget with over 150 TDY travels, 100 training exercises, and 1,020 flight hours through

analytical spreadsheets and quarterly audits.

Mentored and facilitated career development for 4 Department of Army Civilians, while under my supervision each of their sections

received an average 15% higher evaluation rating from the previous Aviation Resource Management inspection with an overall 98% rating

om icexeoramiana

* Facilitated medical training support for more than 2,000 Soldier’s, Ainnen, Marines, and ROTC Cadets in buddy aid, tactical combat
casualty care, and aeromedical evacuation procedures in order to prepare their units for fiture combat operations.

Aviation Platoon Leader
July 2012 to May 2015 Company Name it City , State

© Led, trained, and mentored 18 Soldiers on the safe operation of all aviation ground support equipment, aviation operation's computers, and
deployment of medical evacuation assets; served as first line supervisor for moral, dorrestic, and financial issues; ensured Soldiers and their
family members upheld strong moral values both on and off duty as the Army's arrbassadors to its surrounding communities; responsible for
the maintenance and accountability of 8 x LUH-72A Lakota and 4 x UH-60A+ Blackhawk helicopters and associated equipment valued at
$50mil.

© Orchestrated the YTC "Commander's Cup" Golf tournament for 30 teams of locally owned businesses consisting of 120 civilian employees
and Soldiers for a day of relationship buikding, solidifying the civilian-nilitary partnership within the community, and raised $3,500 towards
the detachirent Family Readiness Group activities.

© Managed the employment of the unit's flight crews by developing and implementing an imovative flight crew manning roster to evenly
distribute the 25hour duty cycles and 1,344 flight hours.

© Planned Advanced Emergency Medical Training (A-EMT) for the detaclurent's 11 Medics in order to build greater treatment capabilities
with 6 new medical equipment sets, provide world class patient care, and expedient transport to over 500,000 Soldiers, Marines and
foie breenLo kere ma lentnnts] |

¢ Pilot of the medical evacuation crew that received the Army Aviation Association of America’s 2015 Sea/Land Rescue of the Year Award.

e AVIATION PLATOON LEADER - Fort Hood, TX AND OPERATION ENDURING FREEDOM, AFGHANISTAN.

Aviation Platoon Leader
July 2010 to July 2012 Company Name 1% City , State
