SENIOR LEAD TECHNOLOGIST EDITOR

Professional Profile

Over 25 years of experience providing technical support and project management in the system safety and environment, safety and health
disciplines. Experience includes: MIL-STD-882 system safety programs; system safety reports and analyses; Programmatic Environment, Safety,
and Occupational Health (ESOH) Evaluation (PESHE); policy amalysis and developnent; environmental pling; regulatory compliance
evaluations; DoD systems acquisition program oversight and support, pollution prevention (P2) programs and technology transfer. I have extensive
experience working with DoD Components and am retired from service with the U.S. Navy. Certified as a Navy Principal for Safety and currently
hold a TOP SECRET ckararce.

Qualifications

Vast technical knowledge

Project management

Background in [engineering focus]
Strong presentation skills

On dose aiieiiag
Advanced critical thinking

Experience
Naito e Sel Keaie uses iey
RAH AUR ORO ona @en siya kore

Defined application problems by consulting with clients to evaluate procedures and processes. Developed a new customer base consisting
of [Nunber] accounts. Managed budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. Directly managed multi-million
co-operative budgets supporting global GTM strategy. Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a
competitive advantage. Delivered performance updates, quarterly business reviews and planning meetings. Targeted new long-term business
partner prospects and closed [Number] deals in [Time period] in the [Industry] industry. Tracked RFPs and bids to develop new business
opportunities, Planned strategic brand-buiking events to expand the product portfolio. Contacted new and existing customers to discuss
how specific products could meet their needs. Identified, coordinated and participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings.
FRc PORTE CaUne A een Cnnce esha Walscteeeoes Ke Onli oe BaT Oi RNAs Nek URC Tre cy
bere onan eeennialanerci aa bid cil ks woe Ret Cme Loin ounuian we La cm reer e|
availability, Created and conducted unique marketing proposal presentations and RFP responses. Generated business development

BNE COE Loraine uO ECL nN a Cuice cng uu MOET RTC SOp laces Nicinentsvacu liebe carla
Retina Le mae sec RM Kanno es cel cesnlttamevlMincecumice CMe ea aan cucmUrnasecn atta tiie
of professionals. Served as mentor to junior team members. Served as mentor to junior team members. Identified, developed and evaluated
marketing strategies based on knowkdge of company objectives and market trends. Conducted analysis to address [issue] which led to
[positive outcome] . Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory. Analyzed customer and stakeholder needs,
evar cob eric hUN MOTO MPT Rte wetinemie aances attire cel anoles nom ye ken maleic meer
management and technical support for system safety and environmental policy-making and oversight roles for ASD (EIS&¢E), SAF/AQRE
(Systems Engineering Policy) and several DoD clients.

Actively participate in the DoD-AIA Working Group (WG) updating National Aerospace Standard (NAS) 411-1, Hazardous Materials
BE ceo ooe cep PAB coe pce b cay oua avails aes canoe (cel

Conduct technical reviews and track the progress of systems acquisition programs froman environment, safety, and occupational health

Fucnsrea thom

* Provide system safety and environmental expertise for DoD Program Support Reviews led by ODASD (SE) and acquisition programs.

A conc VISOR UHI e TORO MONT SImC VES ATNeR@ucnositena pecan (ONO) shkenrseariteicp nots ya ats
Engineering Plan (SEP), Programmatic ESOH Evaluation, and National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)/Executive Order (EO) 12114
Compliance Schedule; and the HSI and ESOH Handbook for Pre-Mikstone A JCIDS and AoA Activities, both published by ASD
ato}

Provided Environment, Safety, and Occupational Health (ESOH) expertise and technical writing for the Common Analytical Laboratory
System (CALS) Increment 1, MS B and the Network Tactical Common Data Link (NTCDL), MS B Programmatic ESOH Evaluation
(PESHE) and Systems Engineering Plan (SEP) documents.

Contributed to the independent review of the Mark 51 Gun Weapon System Magazine Fault Tree Analysis; and, researched and completed
the Secure Enclave Session Controller (SESC) System Safety Hazard Analysis Report (SSHAR).

Provided policy, system safety and environmental expertise to the government Iead for the revision of MIL-STD-882D, "DoD Standard
era be R Om CEST CN AGUS cS reco ceni noice Se PSAs Conca einer iiciag om r arenas cinche mural)
was published as MIL-STD-882E in May 2012.

Provided system safety support to the LPD 17 Class Topside and Cargo Principal for Safety.

Rt aCe COS ONCE NG re muO raced arate com io iios Rol os gs Noe bec RN een Onn cata, cue saris
(WSESRB) Technical Data Package (TDP) for LPD 17 Class MK 46 MOD 2 GWS Barbette HVAC Modifications; the TDP was
submitted and approved.

Reviewed the Engineering Change Request to modify the hull to accommodate a new Airbome Expendable Countermeasures (AECM)
Assembly/Ready/Service Magazine.

Analyzed technical documents and drawings, Navy explosives safety policy and requirements, developed a Safety Plan, summary ofkey
safety requirements, and a Preliminary Hazard List.

¢ Provided system safety support to the Navy Principal for Safety for the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicle (MRAP).
Pe QeeislccM noe ureucel Lamy omnes ee Ranuncc unease ice eo vey em LOSES os Kel MO Sob rn eccate com aralce eal tS
