MIO) JEO7.WN oie
[Osheue Oona ang

To obtain a position to provide for my family after finishing my call of duty and term of service I indebted to my country with Honor and Pridedé!

TT specialist versed in software administration and data communications.

Highly skilled Personal Computer Support Technician offering vast knowledge of network security at desktop, server and internet levels.

Efficient and organized surveillance professional with 7 years in security and safety compliance. Extensive security guard training. as well as MP
training (Military Police)

Quality-focused and efficient Cook adept at preparing and plating food in high energy, fast-paced kitchens. Line Cook with more then 10 years of
experience in high-pressure culmary environments. Skilled in preparing large volumes of food quickly and efficiently. Secking to use culinary skills
and expertise to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional, rewarding environment.

Qualifications

© Sum Certified Java Developer (SCID) CMA ckuonionenslrnciatg

© Technical help desk experience * Proficiency in TCPAP protocols

* CISCO Certified Network Associate (CCNA) © Document management

© Strong analytical skills Pam O ln tincancencgeoseruenesem tenn

CC ORs chore) * Testing

© UNIX/LINUX ¢ Excellent problem solving skills

¢ Strong collaborative skills © Knowledge ofstreaming video platforms
Technical Skills

RIG Experience Total Years Last Used

Proficient in Word, Excel, and powerpoint Personal Computer Support Technician 12 2008
Accomplishments

Strategy and Planning A

* Developed and communicated Web site usage, security policies and standards to all users.
¢ Established policies and procedures for publishing Web pages and applications in conjunction with content creators and saks staf

aN
© Successfilly trained 25 employees to use new operating system
onan acne oa

© Planned, installed, maintained and optimized documentation of all LANAWAN/VPN network hardware and software, security systes and
communication links.
* Managed all clients network LAN/WAN hardware including routers, switches, load balancers and wireless networking equipment.

Aug oanan at acs
SO PAU RL 8
TSO/Floater Company Name 14 City , State

GAS is a leading nam in security solutions for the private sector.

It employs those.

seeking to protect others in the nation's most important buiklings.

Patrolled the facility and served as a general security presence and visible deterrent to crime and rule infractions. Reported all incidents,
accidents and medical emergencies to law enforcement. Responded quickly to medical emergencies, bomb threats and fire alanvs.Issued
security badges and visitor passes to all guests.Checked passes and credentials of persons seeking to enter the property.Continuously
monitored security cameras and fire, building and alarm systers.

My duties included Observing & Reporting any moverrent between sectors, checking ID Badges.
of Contractors coming and going, as well as securing everything within my post until I.
was properly relieved by another Security Officer.
