OUTSIDE MACHINIST

Rivera

Loe se eR een L ILE aco es ore Cena Oreos acenat Niro. erento WW Ren scene cn erent
this position.

Tama 15 year military veteran that servedA his country with hard work and dedication.A. am looking forward to bringingA trades to your
company, in addition to my extensive professional experience, I have aA ton of experienceA in carrier overhaul pling, scheduling, and
administrative skills. My broad background makes me an excellent candidate for this position.

Took forward to meeting with you in person to further discuss my qualification.

MT aba ianmtreetsekoersteCrihenh

Work Experience

PO PACT Otani

eS Ue Seeo he a AONE LR tne scr ted neice teres acc Ron Rccneenetaribaned
handling equipment, elevators, pumps, ventilation fans, and weapons uw. In the process of installing this equipment, experience is gained in
PPP Oe SMe ior ILM eat a calsa dew EW Clo conm ecutlva nit ltcaect(t ek mmc ire
boring, precision alignment of machinery, bearing fitting, mchinery assembly, surfice machining, precision reaming, and machinery and weapons
testing,

11/1996 to 01/2012

Tr Ot conan Sia N CT SY LOUS BESET

© WhilcA assigned toA the USS NIMITZ (CVN 68), from December 1997 to March 2004 as a 3M Zone Inspector during aA 3 og
Refieling Carrier Overhaul period, I was directly responsible for coordinating the efforts between 300 shipyard workers BPAY
Officers and Chief forA over 40 Navy ship zones in which was recognized for maintaining an 85 % on time COC aa raw

© Whik assigned to the USS CARL VINSON (CVN 70), from April 2004 to January 2007 as the Work Center Control Representative for
Weapons Department; I prepared, controlled, documented, planned, and accounted for over 250 work candidates required for ireutlta
work onboard the carrier in the shipyard.A Also I coordinated the work activities between the Navy, shipyard, and other subcontractors
for multipk systems and equipment that have been expected and tumed over to the Navy ahead of schedule,

© Whik assigned to NAS Patuxent River form January 2007 toA MayA 2010A as theA Leading Petty Officer of Pena ol eS
SE sos eC ee SUC eR BIg nw Peon cena an Sorc ear cok RSR IOC crc Stel
PE SUD ese mcck incertae Acca e inte cients beryurtin ee)
ensure the availability of the Safe and Ready For Te ce as CTne SL wAN toe 7

* WhikA assigned toA the USSA HanyA S.A TrumanA A (CVN 75A), flomA May 2010A toA January 2012A as the Ship Safety Petty
Officer.A Assists the Ship Safety manager in coordinating the implementation of the Navy Occupation Safety and Health (NAVOSH)
Program, Traffic Safety Program, Recreational, Athletics and Home Safety ProgramA Performs administrative and eo ee coos
Sree icone eameye ic ow. We Conti a PLTemnicN CRN atc em Cn en Et mer We Meta hie
OLDE a sna core ban ieegucro Mian Wcairen one We uct roster cnet isi e oC MITSUN AUER Ivete
Bicanuns uci ocuren ct emeineeLee Srl Rance t rd

Highlights
+ A Has been maintaining a Secret evel security clearance for overA 10 (2002-2012) years while dedicated to the United States Navy.

¢ A Has been mintaininga Secret level security clearance for over 3 (2012-2016)A years while employed for Huntington Ingalls Industries,

praiTettedn)

09/21/2012

Tidewater Tech School of Welding GPA: 3.83 President's Award: June and September, 2012. Dean's List June and September 2012.
3.83 President's Award: June and September, 2012. Dean's List June and September 2012.

rN

Bg

Skills

Shielded Metal Arc Weld: Flat, Vertical, Horizontal and Over-head eesiceen

Flux Core Are Weld : Flt, Vertical, Horizontal position.

A Administrative, Inspection, Inventory, Maintenance Schedules, Weapons, Navy Publications,A Record Keeping, Safety, Schematics, Test
deta
