SERGEANT E-5 AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST

Summary

A highly motivated and ambitious individual able to give timely and accurate advice, guidance and support to team members and individuab.
Possess excellent management skills and have the ability to work with the minimum of supervision whilst supporting fellow team members. Have a
proven ability to ead by example, consistently hit targets, improve best practices and organize time efficiently. Now looking forward to make a
firther contribution as part of your teamand am hopeful for the genuine opportunity for progression.

Highlights
* Results-oriented
© Inventory tracking © Logistics network analysis
* Budget management © Detai-oriented
CEH eNeCOCO cbse aC ou ems) san eg
Cae Besta © Cost reduction
© Inventory contro! ¢ Flxble
© Warehouse and fulfillment « Works well independently
PIS amcanaexe natal
Accomplishrents

AAA Received a Navy and Marine Coms Achievement Medal whik serving as squad keader,2nd Platoon, Fermk Engagement Team, 2nd
Wate TSO CONOR OM bducetiel calc cates ceuliaranalciieneh ake SE cle MmenenLets retain meth ee)|
nationals during 1300 engagements while serving in direct support of 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regirent from March 2011 to October 2011.
AAA Received A Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as a Maintenance Material Control Expediter whike in support of
the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit from January 2009 to July 2009 for uncompromising work ethic, daily detenmination, and unique skill to Inison
with both civilian and military supply systems enabling VMA-211 to fully support 31st MEU operations.
AAA Received a Certificate of Commendation while serving as Expeditionary Airfields Supply Warehouse Clerk during the Commanding
Generals Inspection 2 August 2010 to 6 August 2010 for superior kadership, organizational skills and managerial abilities.
ION Mocs eects nes Pome nica en omic eriekadre rrannancene charmer mint ra Venema
Support Squadron 271 during the Squadron's Non-Commissioned Officer Transition Course on NCO Suicide Prevention.

rane
07/2013 to 07/2015
Company Name

Order, track, receive, and distribute Organizational Level Maintenance consurmbke and repairable material for AV-8B Harrier whilst in
Phase Maintenance Inspection.

Pee Ose ion Onm lest scar asa oa tiie len oR CEb ec Lectin «Ran neces

In charge of Tool Contro! Program and Respirator Program, verifying all toolbox inventories, respirators, logs and that records are up to
date, broken tool reports and daily All Tools Are Accounted For logs are properly filled.

* Prepared required documentation for all issue or tum-in consurmble and repairable components.

Assist in Annual AMMT by Identifying Shelf Life items, ensuring correct inventory on PEB, and organized all Electro Static Discharge safe
areas within federal safety regulations.

Researched and requisitioned squadron requirements through NALCOMIS OOMA.

Tracked Pre-Expended Bin replenishments and requisitions via NALCOMIS OOMA and Legacy.

Compiled reconciliation reports and provided briefings and debriefings.

Assisted in the resolution of customer complaints.

Briefrequisition delivery dates to supervisors and workers ona weekly basis supplying critical information throughout entire scheduling /
expediting process.

Arnab eae ece Om rinnCalaecrtyeBitry a Ley

Develop positive relationship with staflS and customer to meet productivity goak.

Update the Individual Qualifications Records (IQR's) of maintenance personnel.

Documented forms in cases of required emergency assistance within regulations of safety policies and procedures.

In charge of weekly payroll for up to 20 crew workers, diligently ensuring correct input of individuals assigned hours to include annual eave,
sick eave and Overtime.

12/2012 to 12/2012
SERGEANT E-S AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST

© Supervised, trained and evaluated personnel Marines to most proficiently support over 10 Marine Aircraft Squadrons and 15 Intermediate
Maintenance Activities.

Performed warehouse operation duties including receiving, inspecting, locating, storing, rotating, safekeeping, issuing, preparing, shipping,
material retum and disposal of supplies and equipment related to support of supply operations.

Received and processed an estimated 1700 High and Low Priority repairable requisitions and Direct Tumovers monthly Screened all
squadron requisitions via NALCOMIS and processed for accuracy Maintained an estimate 1700 assets with 100% accountability valued
over 170 million dollars.

Managed the receipt and stowage thru the Integrated Barcode System of approximately 10,000 consumabke line iterns with the estimated
value of 7.2 million dollars.

Served as the senior supply liiison for VMAQ-3 in direct support of Red Flag, an advanced aerial combat training exercise hosted at Nellis
