AVIATION FUEL QUALITY CONTROL SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

A dynarnic, results-oriented, and highly talented in Process Technology and Engineering with coupk of years experience who has consistently
received high ratings for technical and chemical expertise. Expertise ina wide range of manufacturing processes and manufacturing control systers.
Demonstrated success in developing, implementing and managing new processes to improve quality and productivity. Skills include: process
troubleshooting and maintenance of equipment/mstruentation. Experienced in quality contro}, statistical process controls, kan six-sigia, route
cause analysis, sample chemical analysis, safety awareness as a fast paced leamer and consistent team player. Well organized, innovative, and
reliable who is able to work in any setting that requires a technical and a professional attitude. Proven ability in operating equipment,
instrumentation, systems and operations ina safe manner.

Core Qualifications

Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

schivor anes

A ers ROR Oca

Company Name City , State Aviation Fuel Quality Contro! Specialist

© Regularly inspects equipments, valves, strainers, pipes, filters and hoses for any leakage or abnonmulity.

* Provenability to leverage engineering skillset by applying math, science, and engineering knowledge to provide a disciplined approach to
problem solving.

Known as a resourcefil and innovative personality.

ohne a aso ice rece MeO tele (Ica aCHEmMeLacHiclhe Me cimrcuece i esate

Uses thermo hydronvter for API Gravity fuel test and correct temperature factor to 60F.

Monitors differential pressure on filter vessels and nozzke pressure in PSI.

Conducts color membrane and particulate test on downstream filtration.

Executes line tracing and measures evel underground fuel tanks.

RTPA ROP Ut ariD OE
Company Name City , State Quality Implementation Assistant

Collected strategic experimental data for analysis; used basic statistical tools and route cause analysis.

Participated in the implementation of ISO9000 policies.

Supported quality analysis on all new projects.

Fully participated in extemal and internal audits as well as unscheduled inspections that assess safety of operations and safety processes, and
followed through on recommended actions to improve performance.

Initiated and reviewed environmental impact studies and sets appropriate procedures to meet guidelines.

Prepared safety statistics for operations; evaluated against KPIs to ensure continuous improverents.

Played a leading and instrumental role in the development of'a detailed and complex Facility Security.

Planned and was fully responsible for all subsequent awareness and refresher training for all directives.

Conducted audits and identified health and safety hazards according to established policies and procedures.

July 2008 to September 2009
On ANE O hAEo CR ueces belles

* Performed on Polyvinyl Alcohol fimctionalization and neutralization for the production of nelfilicon polymer.

© Demonstrated expertise while working either independently or as a comprehensive team phyer.

© Duties included analysis of aqueous polyvinyl alcohol for percentage of solids such as nitrogen, acetate content.

* Handkd synthesized of batch processes of N-Acryloylaminoacetaldehyde-Dimethyl Acetal (NAAADA) by applying innovative methods of
extraction, separation, distillation, salination, and purification.

Assured that the chemical discharges were not higher than the regulated allowable limit in collected sampks.

Initiated the preparation of Irgacure used as photointiator for the production of nelfilicon polyer.

September 2006 to September 2007
Company Name City , State Quality Software Tester

Increased profit by reducing defects to the lowest level by working with the vendor to the rework components.
Initiated failure mode statistical data analysis and studied satellite signal behaviors at various transponders.
Reviewed hardware and software to ensure they meet requirements prior to inputting into IT system.

Provided attention to detail to detect errors early on in the process before errors became business issues.
Management recognized for ability to understand and resolve issues related to hardware/software systens.

April 2003 to July 2006
Company Name City , State Inventory Associate

¢ Packaged tools and parts according customer specification.

© Duties included shipping/receiving of orders.

* Directed warehouse employees and drivers to ensure consistency in inventory receiving and restocking.
¢ Responsibilities included: inventory control, shipping/receiving, employee safety, and hazardous training.
