ASSISTANT TO CFO

Professional Summary

Perens cates iow iicver eureka tiene sntmeon vcurearitay kak cari mmcetcgre sb o-otuieal celle ri obec
project goals. Secking a role of increased responsibility and authority.

Core Qualifications

Computer proficiency
Service-minded
Motivational leadership style
Inventory contro!
Professional demeanor
Self-directed

Time management ability
PN aon se sells

lets eumsou ed

System improvenents
ATiepebeltalne
Resourcefiiiness
Forward-thinking mindset

schivor anes
Assistant to CFO 04/2008 to Current Company Name City , State

Managed operations in accordance with budget requirements.A

Maintained compliance with company and legal requirements.A

OMe mone oe ne Soren sooo Bocce se

Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.A.

Updated employee paperwork and records.

Scheduled appointrents and maintained master calendar.A

ooemrriamers ket ancrenreck sal ieed Rant aN

Wrote professional business correspondence.A

Cararhesienre ones Omri telanai aoa

Do CeCe AUC USO BSc SL ooCE nL CREA satisfaction.A Provided support for COO and sakes team in managing operation
Sorel oia.y

Improved communication efficiency as primary ison between departments, clients and vendors.A

Paneer OP icc cneb oreo een karyia

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanneddocuments.A

Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.

Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel fimctions and calculations to develop reports and lists.A
Performed additional duties and special projects as assigned by the Chief Pilot.

Coordinated additions to and deletions from the passenger lists prior to aircraft movement and coordinated changes of aircraft moverent.A
Ensured compliance with all Federal, State, Local and foreign regulations.A

Announced flight status updates.

Suecessfilly compketedA NATA Compliance, TSA 12-5 programA to further develop professional skills.A

Ensured that team member responsibilities were defined and understood.A

Monitored ongoing expenses relative to budget projections.A

Cultivated strong working relations with other industry executives.

Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.

Compiled statistical information for special reports.

IO clePieni enue Om cueecCMaecetE aria Boe ucrnekent sc ccmMbsiate elon

Organized billing and invoice data and prepared accounts receivable and expected revenue reports for controllers.

DO einlcemomiunenolnietnie nuns uirarioesd cme Resid) ies Oreanel veal Cumiteraliniane cet cece

Identified and resolved system and account issues.

Developed and created a more effective filng system to accelerate paperwork processing,

Collaborated with other administrative team members, human resources and the finance department on special projects and events.
Created and maintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports and documents.

Charter Sales Rep and Flight Dispatcher 05/2006 to 02/2008 Company Name City , State

Soden torre Relccrnemes okelichrc gt

Confirmed that appropriate changes were nnde to resolve customers’ problems.

Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.
Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Updated database with customer and sales information.

Evaluated competitors and performed market research.
