PRODUCTION EXCELLENCE SPECIALIST
Summary

Results-driven, skilled Quality Specialist focused on achieving success and increased productivity through improverments in quality, safety,
operations, and administration. Knowledge and expertise in quality control, quality assurance, ean management, Six Sigma, and techniques and
methods for improving the efficiency process ofan organizations quality procedure. Highly motivated with the aptitude and tenacity to resolve
challenging issues, and work productively with team members, and supervisors to accomplish the organizations fiture vision and goal.

Highlights
© Experienced in production scheduling © Lean manufacturing and design
* Knowledgeable of quality control standards = * Analytical
Cie desea enacinesticg © Cost reduction and containment
© Knowledge of 5S methodology © QA/QC/Audits reports expert
© Experience in value stream mpping * Multi-site operations
¢ Dedication to product quality © Process improvement strategies
® Global and strategic sourcing © Systems impkmentation
© Procedure development CMe Seale oecisemeril ating
CREO oneal sterciiey CMe recs @}icnen itera
© Quantifiable revenue increases © Productivity improverrent specialist
* Troubleshooting and problem solving
© Market penetration
Accomplishments

Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned 14 employers to efficiently meet production requirements.

Contributed to an annual 25% increase in productivity through improverments in operations, quality, safety and administration.
Supervised and managed 14 inspectors through out 20 manufacturing factories.

Soliton bes eu Cronin eres shiners Ur eko laa Ure Om Ce cE LORcsT ONES HLNI Lee

Boosted customer satisfaction ratings by 100% in under 16 moths months.

Personally managed production activities to guarantee 100% of orders were shipped or-time .

schivor anes
Company Name October 2015 to January 2016 Production Excellence Specialist
oi

© Knowledge and use of Operational Equipment Efficiency (OEE) in PCB manufacturing environment.

© Expertise and proficiency in LEAN Manufacturing and Six Sigma Methodologies to identify direct and analyze machine group cells for
Printed Circuit Board (PCB) and electromechanical components.

© Developrent and optimization of OEE reports, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), process Protocols, guidelines.

© Understanding and comprehension of the following tools: Root Cause Analysis, Value Stream Map, Process Map, Pareto Chart, Kaizen, 7
Wastes, and Statistical Process Control.

Company Name February 2014 to September 2015 Procurement and Operations Manager
es

© Developed, updated and maintained SOPs, Client Guidelines, HR and Technical Manuals and Protocols for Insight Company Managed
professionally 14 employees for Insight Quality Services Asian operations and accountable for implementation of strategic objectives,
developing operations strategy, planning production services and client communication Best practices and knowledge of LEAN
Manufacturing systematic methods and tools to reduce waste and increase quality efficiency in Chinese manufacturing factories Successfilly
assisted clients on Quality Control improvements and manuficturing challenges Conducted quality control inspections all over China and
supervised 14 inspectors conducing inspections for Jewelry and Ekctronic products.

Assessed and trained personnel for promotion to cross-functional operations.

Led regular stand-up meetings, events and continuous improverrent projects with measurable goals.

Developed and implemented data-based solutions ina timely manner.

Assessed and trained personnel for promotion to cross-functional operations.

Coordinated closely with quality control regarding products awaiting dispositions.

Supervised production schedules, production quality and on time delivery.

Defined manuficturing performance standards and reviewed the performance outcomes to set future targets. Identified staffing and capital
needs, collected relevant data and wrote justifications for established needs.

¢ Diligently maintained safety and quality standards.
