POSTAL SUPPORT EMPLOYEE

Summary

Program Manager & Logistics Specialist Accomplished veteran of the United States Navy with an extensive background in leadership training, as
wellas a track record of success in program development, logistics, aviation repair, and operational management. Outstanding performance in all
capacities across many years of service, highlighted by numerous awards and commendations. Superior communicator, coach, and leader capable
of cultivating key relationships and collaborating with diverse people and entities.

Highlights

Logistics Training & Development Safety Compliance Quality Assurance Program Mamgenent Policy Development & Implementation Project
Coordination Aviation Mechanic Performance Analysis

schivor anes

Postal Support Employee Jan 2016 to Current

Company Name i City , State

© Provide analysis & reporting on key safety and quality assurance based measures as well as performance metrics.

© Responsible for tracking inventory and procurement reports for management while using the data to create customer and vendor specific
action plans.

© Demonstrate good customer service skills in providing high quality environment for customers and other team members with a quick and
accurate service while showing sensitivity to their individual needs.

© Point ofcontact to make sure the company abides by all regulatory state and federal compliance to ensure we handle each case properly
and eliminate liability.

Weatherization Technician Trainee Jan 2015 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City , State

¢ Assisted in use and care of weatherization equipment based issues, creating value, maximizing growth and improving business performance,
which required extensive use of business knowledge to provide objective advice and expertise.

CMe gsetkalcoemcnanlirecneanenn niga nem VE aig miciLenmine cnusine Rol emia renceeliccesORanaecmiit a yecoar aoe

provided.

Gathered and consolidated technical reports for management while using pertinent data to utilize action plans.

Responsible for quality control in procedural orders and ensuring all necessary maintenance projects and equipment were being utilized to

[leaia taper ecrat rem

Aviation Mechanic Jan 2005 to Jan 2013
Company Name i City , State

© Operated and maintained sophisticated equipment designed for tactical operations while ensuring all equipment was fimetioning with
maximum readiness and performance.

Reviewed and updated testing procedures to ensure safe and successful convoy operations for all designated and personnel resulting in zero
incidents and 100% electronic sustainability.

Supported aviation program operations through performing routine maintenance of multimillion dollar valued equipment.

Utilized knowledge of information technology by regularly executing databases and mainframes to ensure all units were supplied with proper
Piaicricmi eerie enaubliaiieletaisliiad

Aviation Repair Supervisor Jan 1999 to Jan 2005
Company Name

© Oversaw aviation repair program, creating and revising safety standard operating procedures (SOPs), collaborating with multiple agencies
to unify systerrs and implement best practices.

© Identified environmental training needs, developed training budget requirements, and managed aviation based inspection records involving
procedurally following all government regulatory compliance.

© Led mishap investigations and performed daily safety inspections for multiple units, conducting site reviews, performing safety audits, and
FSP eNTnea Lae Ce

CMe Ye nce cs meena Loner eae vesuenbOmu Annem lea uaHOLo mace eliinena ae Ribiinom cael Os hae
requirements, and hazard control fimdamentals and techniques.

brairestbeny

System Organizational Maintenance Technician, Tinker Air Force Base, 2004

Aviation Apprenticeship Training, Naval Training Command, IL, 1999

OSHA 30 EPA RRP DOE Weatherization Tactics Basic Fire Fighting Basic First Aid Certification
High Schoo! Diplomm 1998 Edmondson High School 1% City , State

als

Air Force, Basic, budget, customer service skills, databases, First Aid, government, information technology, inspection, inventory, regulatory
compliance, Logistics, mainframes, materials, Mechanic, Naval, Organizational, Performance Analysis, personnel, Policy Development,
procurement, Program Management, Project Coordination, quality, quality assurance, quality control, quick, reporting, Safety, Technician
Additional Information

« AWARDS & HONORS DynCom 5 Year Achievement Award Navy Unit Commendation Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation Navy
