PRODUCTION SUPERVISOR / VALUE STREAM LEADER
Summary
To obtain employment within your company with an opportunity for growth and advancement.
Highlights
© Experienced in production scheduling
© Knowledgeable of quality control standards
* Experience in value stream mpping
© Dedication to product quality

Accomplishments

Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirerents.Supervised first shift operations and more than
thirty-five production and assembly line staff.

schivor anes
Production Supervisor / Value Stream Leader
October 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for daily production needs within the basic compressor build lines. Reviewed production orders, scheduks, delivery dates and
inventory levels to determine product availability. Mastered the intricacies of the process flow within cach department. Established and adjusted
work procedures to meet production schedules. Supervised production schedules, production quality and on time delivery. Reviewed production
orders, schedules, delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability. Implemented root cause and corrective actions to remove
production constraints and improve product quality. Improved efficiency and productivity by eliminating waste and production constraints.
Organized, prioritized and managed plant maintenance projects to keep facility safe, efficient and clean,

ENGINEERING LAB MANAGER,
July 1997 to October 2014 Company Name ¥% City , State

© Responsible for buikding and assembling test compressors and auxiliary test equipment, recording test procedures and results, and making
recommendations for changes in equipment, product, and/or test methods. Perform tests using standard engineering test procedures and
equipment without supervision such as performance test, oil carryover, vibration and noise testing. Resolve routine instrumentation and
testing problems or malfunctions. Make recommendations for changes / improverrents to products to reduce cost or enhance quality.
Coordinated and developed new product design in collaboration with engineering staf[Completed key projects on time, on budget and with
a high level ofaccuracy. Implemented root cause and corrective actions to remove production constraints and improve product quality.

PROCESS TECHNICIAN
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Develop and document standard operational methods to improve repeatability and quality in manufacturing. Work closely with warranty
team and manufacturing groups to implement corrective measures into the standard operational methods as needed. Emphasis will be on
visual controls methods and job instructions for training and qualifications purposes. Work closely with the natural work groups, value
stream leaders, quality engineers and manufacturing engineers.

MACHINIST/ASSEMBLER
PN VOLSR ECP Beem Gon sla holy aL Ol Nee

© Job duties include buikling of several types of air compressors from single-stage to two- stage compressors. Troubleshooting and correcting
any probkivs that may arise during assembly. Running numerous types of machinery, from CNC machining centers to CNC lathes,
automatic and manual lathes, crankshaft grinders to various types of drills. Worked with close tolerances on all machined parts from rough
castings to finished products ready for assembly. Have experience in blue print reading and schematics also.

AVIATION ORDNANCEMAN
Company Name i City , State

© Preformed maintenance on the S-3B Viking aircraft whik stationed Various duties included general maintenance of the aircraft, repair of
broken wires, reading of blueprints and schenntics, computer checks, repair of several different control boxes that are connected to the
computers which operate on the systems that was related to my field of work. Treating and preserving the aircraft from different types of
corrosion, loading of different types of ordinance, such as bombs, missals, and various types of counter measure equipment.

© Obtained several types of licenses that pertained to my field, such as ordnance driver which allowed transportation of bombs and missiles
from holding areas final destination for loading. Many types of release checks which included testing the aircraft to make sure that weapons
Joaded would release properly in a safe condition. Upkeep of equipment that needed calibration.

brairestbeny

CVAD OF WUCEB EOLA eee @urrerrnin@ el dich AL@ NETL

May, 1987 Quincy Senior High School 14 City , State

Personal Information

SOS POUR UBT ES PCr mcrulicwtedicb) ibe b ont) ama aioli cmmstulvmereliiclcel
