MANAGED PRESSURE DRILLING FIELD SUPERVISOR

Professional Summary

Detail oriented and self-motivated, with a strong background in the energy sector leading managed pressure drilling operations. A Resourcefill and
adaptable due to the ever-changing nature of the military and the oil and gas industry. Desire to expand upon multi skilled background through new
challenges and opportunities. A

Core Qualifications

© Results-oriented Taian

fr i rN fl Car) A ¢ Client Relations

Fo ee Me cL mE SE ELL ict a acc

SEE cE ras rey arene

, Hisiecnanadial ¢ Computer proficient

* Technically sawyA

Experience

Company Name City , State Managed Pressure Drilling Field Supervisor 07/2014 to Current

Supervise the design, implementation, and execution of Managed Pressure Drilling projects for offshore drillmg operations.

Lead teams of 3-5 personnel in the integration and operation of pressure control systems and equipment tailored to the client's needs.
Developed strong customer relations working directly with clients in the energy sector delivering MPD products and expertise.
Adapted to many roles due to the recent down turn in the energy sector, including: project management, engineering assistance, logistics
coordination, and technical consulting.

Developed inventory control program for emerging markets abroad and continual process improverrents for maintenance facilities.
Managing client relationship and supporting marking and sales functions within the Organization

Identifying and Managing Continuous Improverent Opportunities within the operation A

Assist Sales and Marketing Functions in Identifying Opportunities to Expand Market shareA

MPD Control Systems Technician 06/2012 to 06/2014

* Technical knowledge of pressure contro! systems to include: Programmable Logic Controllers, Human Interfice Machines, Hydraulic
Power Units, Pressure Control Chokes, Electrical Installations, Flow Meters, Computer Networking and Communications.

© Integration of hydraulic modeling, well data, and design to control systems.

© Operation of various Rotating Control Devices: HOLD 1500, HOLD 2500, RCD 5K Big Bore, ATR RCD 5K.

© Utilized Managed Pressure Drilling techniques in coordination with the client and operator to successfitlly drill otherwise un-drilable wells to
oon aterm

© Utilized Lean Six Sig techniques to drastically reduce waste and downtime associated with tool inventory and parts requisition process.

On NAO MAE oP onecii dm eccermeieceinlewaNr bees our esr Alem oner PAU Bt

* Carrier Airbome Early Waming Squadron 115 - Supervised the Electrical Division in the repair and maintenance of aircraft electrical
systems over 6 cruises while deployed to the Western Pacific Ocean on board USS George Washington.A

© Accountable for 7 sailors and 5 E-2C Hawkeye aircraft.

« Aircraft systems included: Flight controls, engine electrical installations, flight instrurnentation, navigation, equipment cooling systems, power
generation and supply.

© Awarded two Navy and Marine Corps Achievernent medals and Enlisted Aviation Warfare Specialist.

CRPAU TUR Tiremcrtle med bom Cor

Company Name City , State Line Division Supervisor / Plane Captain / Aviation Electrician 08/2005 to 07/2008

© Carrier Airbome Early Waming Squadron 120

© Supervised crew of 15 in the daily inspection and servicing of twelve E2-C HawkEye and four C-2A Greyhound aircraft during 14
Gnomon

Perel coktcnnarcmeis ce arene Rl ie ra hom concer bere rate enn lest csc.

¢ Reduced fleet downtine by 30% by maintaining the aircraft ina ready status through improvements to maintenance and inspection
Ute eesed

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : Business Administration 2017 Pennsylvania State University Expected graduation 2017
2016 Well Control School , City , State , USA

TADC WellSHARP Supervisor Level

© Drillmg Operations, Surface, Subsea

2016 MSTC , City, State, USA
PUT Os WN

¢ Helicopter Underwater Escape Training
