AVIATION PARTS SALESMAN

[Oouw reels

Eamed a Private Pilot's License in August 2008, with a total time of 95 hours. Familiar with airspace and pattern work, as well as interacting with
ATC. Hobbies include R/C aircraft, gaming, and Windows computers. Experience working with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.
Enrolled in the Air Force's ROTC program from September 2009 to January 2011. Leamed valuable kadership skill, as well as participated in
the community with volunteer events such as the DisAbility Sports Festival at the CSUSB campus in San Bemardino, CA.

Core Qualifications

Education and Training

Bachelor's Degree : Professional Acronautics Management and Aviation Safety 4 2014 Embry Riddle Aeronautical University GPA: GPA: 3.8
Cl] ye RUG UE LO Ve RU Ibu liccLer a Pc tsenemyeiatl atest Bana abe RST ehd

2009 Silver Valley High School , City , State , United States GPA: GPA: 3.50 GPA: 4.00

Associate's Degree : Professional Aeronautics Management, Safety, Aeronautical Science, and Information Systems 10 2012 Embry Riddle
Aeronautical University GPA: GPA: 3.8 GPA: 4.00 GPA: 3.8 GPA: 4.00 Professional Acronautics Management, Safety, Aeronautical Science,
Elec Wilerstnslc oe mey act ote

Hummn Factors Security Aviation Safety Occupational Safety and Health Air Traffic Control Aircraft Maintenance Aeronautical Science

Aug oanan at acs

Company Name City , State Aviation Parts Salesnmn 05/2013 to 01/2014

Salary: 14.00 USD Per Hour Hours per week: 40 Supervisor: Ray Ferreira (405 409 1635) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes
Responsible for sales and customer service, providing information on pricing, availability, condition, trace, and other information to
customers by phone and ennil through the use of Quantum and AMICS inventory software.

Logged and retrieved price information and customer and vendor quotations.

Assessed inventory physically with most purchase orders and most requests for information on parts.

Rekyed information related to missing parts not in proper locations to material management or inventory specialists.

Strengthened shipping department operations by weighing parts and packages, affixing labels, packaging and wrapping parts, and assisting
with quality control paperwork when required.

¢ Inspected parts for customers with regards to data plates and actual part conditions and included paperwork.

Pictures and additional information were provided on customer request to assure complete approval, as well as homogeneity with
information already existing m company databases.

Introduced to the standard operation process of the warehouse.

Aided in placing repair orders or retum orders to their respective locations.

Fulfilled customer requests regarding condition and trace docurrents for drop shipments.

Instructed about hazardous mnterials such as Skydrol as well as procedures to protect against them with PPE.

Properly lifted and moved heavy parts such as actuators and hydraulic pumps to and from the shipping bay for processing, weighing, and
packaging when requested.

Accumuhted driving experience during hour long commutes to and from work, and traveled that distance twice a day during employment.

Company Name City , State Package/Front Counter Attendant 10/2012 to 052013

¢ Salary: 7.75 USD Per Hour Hours per week: 25 Supervisor: Susan ((405) 273-9125) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Performed
Ronn enue eno ees Eom UME nM nC C NLU ea w Oe aan riven lLemesceiaeneo carta
PURO RTT ED TT RMO NCC CMIEO CBU RIC LOoB Cacao

© Enptied and moved heavy trash cans as well as regularly cleaned under tables.

© Moved ard lifted ice cream squares during front counter restocking periods.

* Performed customer service, cash handling, food preparation, cleaning, and other general upkeep responsbilities.

Company Name City , State Lead Autonomous Ground Vehicle Installer 08/2011 to 12/2011

Salary: 21.00 USD Per Hour Hours per week: 40 Supervisor: Jim Kennedy ((93 1) 303-1748) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Lifted
and moved heavy boxes containing Pronto 4 autonomous vehick kits into 50 brand-new Chevy Colorado vehickes for the U.S.

Navy's MLT (Mobik Land Target) Program

Frequently operated undemeath and inside vehicles at awkward angles to drill holes, lift out seats, remove airbags, and other tasks.

Utilized various PPE (glasses, gloves, stecl toc boots, etc) around the vehicles during shifis.

Interpreted OEM instructions on installation and made orrthe-fly changes to brake clamp installations as per request due to offsite testing.
Inspected each package and inventoried each part kit and signed offon installations to verify they were complete before moving on to the
oma el

Supervised our team and acted as a liaison for the Navy representative overseeing the operation.

© Responsible for scheduling travel and hotel accommodations and payroll hours for the team.

als
cash handling, customer service, databases, driving, email, inventory, materials, Navy, next, packaging, payroll, pricing, quality control, Safety,
saks, scheduling, shipping, Supervisor, tables, phone
