CONCIERGE/DOORMAN
Summary
Experience working in concierge, military, general office, intemational & domestic shipping. Excellent interpersonal communication, customer
service, and office support skills. Windows/DOS, MS Office, Data Entry, Intemet and Intemet Research Skil.
Skills
© Friendly & Informative with residents, guests, and staff
* Quick to respond.
© Strong sense of accountability.
© Achieves business and individual developmental goals.
* Able to handk medical emergencies & technical problems ina calmand professional manner.
CM Ae rr minresikencninennears en ema RL ccm
CMA one lose) aioe aelliem
schivor anes
11/2014 to Current
Concierge/Doorman Company Name 1% City , State

Provided professional and consistent concierge service to residents, visitors and contractors.

Respond to ermail communications, answer inquiries and offer suggestions.

Efficiently handle large call volume inquiries from tenants/guests.

Assist with administrative duties such as light copying & fax requests and other requests as needed.

Provide updated information for local restaurants, special events, transportation etc.

Monitor lobby traffic and alerting residents of deliveries and arriving guests.

Provide all other job duties as requested by administrative/managerment staff.

Record and deliver messages to residents, management, keasing, and relieving concierge.

Provide guests with information on valet and housekeeping services and ensure that additional housekeeping requests are fulfilled.
Activate or deactivate remotes or keys for guests checking in and checking out.

PPL Rm OTe ke)
Aviation Ordnanceman Company Name 4 State

* Handk and service weapons and ammunition carried on Navy aircraft.
© Inspecting, maintaining and repairing the aircraft's mechanical and electrical armament/ordnance systems.

© Stow, assemble and load aviation ammunition that may include anything from aerial mines and torpedoes to missiks and rockets.

* Service bomb, missile and rocket releasing and launching devices, and service aircraft gums.

© Assemble and test air-launched guided missiles, and supervise the operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage facilities.
01/2005 to 11/2007

Office Assistant Company Name it4 City , State

© Performreceptionist duties when needed.
* Maintain trusting relationships with suppliers, customers and colleagues.

CMe mehr Tee eEUrcyarrnned

© Resolve office-related malfimetions and respond to requests or issues.

PEE erin Ri iach oueccrorinneeanla ah eR ci elb Ae auleenisiceem

Education and Training

Sep 1999

High Schoo! Diplo : International Business Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis 1 City , State International Business

als

administrative, administrative duties, copying, Customer Service, ermil, special events, fax, Inspecting, mechanical, medical emergencies, mail,
office, weapons, Navy, Quick, receptionist, repairing, transportation, typist
