AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALISTS

Summary

To whom it may Concem, With the utmost enthusiasm, I would like to express my interest in your available position. My interest in the medical
field has taken me a long way and given me tremendous experience in different fields. I believe that my passion for assisting and interacting with
peopk has given mx a strong commitment to the medical field, with the patients interest at heart this makes me an ideal candidate to join the team.
As a candidate, here's what I could immediately bring to the table: Effectiveness, in my role at your facility, I willalso be able to use my abilities
and knowledge to accomplish your facilities goal. I have always displayed my carefil approach to my job and its duties by being disciplined and
passionate. In addition, everything I have engaged in so far has all been driven by my keen interest and dedication. It is this passion that has driven
every one of my career decisions thus far. I look forward to contributing my skills and experiences in this position and hope to have the opportunity
to speak with you firther about how I can be an asset to your team Sincerely, Owen B Headman Highly skilked retired United States Army
Sergeant with over 20 years of military experience in aviation and ammunitions supply management. Secking a challenging career opportunity in
aviation supply administration where my expertise in acquisitions, distribution, and accountability can be effectively applied towards achieving
organizational objectives.

Highlights

schivor anes
PLC ue ves reesei ScliNaN Cte

CEN ecsceiiiolvmGansleiinaleibirl enccro citer anieiiat sacs rar ccbaulalinumesseliitiememelvanuake oracles
control over all organizational supplies, equipment, and other materials Used automated mnaterial management systems to conduct initial
planning, provisioning, requirement determination, acquisition and distribution, and ultimate issue for consumption, retention or disposal
Performed mission capability (MICAP) verification, reports and processes cannibalization actions.

® Managed all fiscal accounting and purchasing procedures and ensured compliance with all Federal Acquisition regulations Managed the
moverrent and storage of aviation unique supplies and equipment and ensured proper documentation using United States Goverment
specific data entry systems Procured military and commercial aviation equipment and used expert knowledge of aviation supply management
to ensure proper storage and distribution Operated warehouse management systems to include interface procedures, asset accounting
fictions and financial budgeting formulation Oversaw the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials and ensured compliance
with regulatory guidelines Conducted Supply Point inventories, researches and reconciles discrepancies Monitors status of ites.

* Processed local manufacture (LM) MICAPs and corrects discrepancies identified by the GLSC resulting from MICAP Enterprise Supply

Solution (ESS) reconciliation.

Processes issues, kills, and rejects management notices, status changes and cancellations.

Processes Aircraft Document Review (ADR).

Manages the DIFM listing, validates/updates DIFM listing with status by processing required transaction as necessary.

Performs DIFM reconciliation with both maintenance and supply customers to ensure verification of current status and asset location.

Conducts physical reconciliation with the Supply Point monitor to verify detail balances, reconcile out of balance conditions as well as

ensures all required transactions have been processed.

Establish, maintain and delete bench stocks in coordination with supported activities.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Hazardous Material and Handing Company Name

Hazardous Material and Handling Extensive hazardous materials compliance mamgement experience Excellent familiarity with inventory
procedures Strong knowledge of equipment requisitioning and storage Superior knowledge ofall applicable local, state and federal safety
standards Exceptional fick! investigative abilities Sound skill in comprehensive report formulation High written and oral communication skills
Outstanding research and analytical abilities Assist with nuterial until all unusable waste has been tumed over to the Natural Resources
Environmental Affairs Office (NREAO).

Identify hazardous material by comparison to National Stocks Number (NSN) or suitable substitute.
Provided limited assistance on enviromental matters applicable to operational hazardous materiaVhazardous waste tum-in requirements.

Tnspect mterial conditions and recommend preservation, modification, laboratory analysis, or disposition. Maintained accurate stock records and
schedules.Conducted monthly, quarterly and yearly inventories of warehouse stock.Connected hoses and operated equipment to move liquid
mmterials into and out of storage tanks on vessels. Devised short and Jong-range action plans to address a wide variety of municipal

needs. Implemented a safety surcharge to help fimd internal and contracted public safety services.

Ammunition Specialist Company Name

Ammunition Stock and Contro! Manager Supervised the receipt, storage, issue, and preparation of ammunition components and explosives valued
at approximately five million dollars Supervised ammunition stock control and accounting procedures for surveillance within the operating
organization Conducted munitions inspections and tests; performed inspections of containers and vehicles transporting mumitions to designated
locations Developed and implemented organizational guidelines on standards for ammunitions operations Ensured proper execution of all
organizational combat training requiring the use of explosives and ammumitions Severed with distinction in both the United States Marine Corps and
Army and retired from the Army with an Honorable rating Maintained 100 % accountability of ammunitions valued at $286 million dollars during a
Joint Task Force with the United States and the Honduran military Maintained a 100% accident-free record while assigned as the Ammunition
Stock Control Manager.
