AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST
Summry

Military professional with 11 years experience in team management, administrative accountability and supply management. Effectively managed
more than $300 million in personal and procurable equipment. A value asset to the Aviation Supply Department I was abke to perform in many
areas of logistical support ranging from safety of equipment and personnel to proper shipping and handling of material. Several characteristics and
traits are developed while serving on active duty. Responsibility, accountability, trust, judgment, and leadership just to name a few. Growing and
advancing in the ranks ofa Marine, it takes a great deal of Pride, Honor, Courage and Commitment. My experience has allowed me many great
opportunities to develop and enhance these traits and over time, some of these traits become a requirement. Thats when the accountability and
kadership skills begin to take over. As a Leader of Marines, I took charge of my subordinates supervising the fimctiomality of proper and
Fieecc om Acleanelccb sateen cen (hers emcoay oom

bs hraiita ne
¢ Effective teamkeader ,
See) aera
BichrceBukonuraram euetced
paaibies ues Poot)
: rahe aimee Baier cee sZ0 etc
ae © Valid CA driver license
© Inventory Specialist
Accomplishments
PEC AY Clee Conersntscaces yore
© Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal
¢ Afghanistan Campaign Medal
© North Athntic Treaty Organization Medal NON-Artick 5
CeCe Ru ncitas
CMe ecco cnt Re a@sicibont
© Managed over $300 million of personal and command equipment with no deficiencies loses or damages
¢ Maintained 100% accountability ofa large section of equipment worth over $500 million during multiple overseas deployments
© Received 100% mission capabk grade for the Commanding General's Functional Area Inspection

Secs cccmiaicntneb Lc Pa Ria remake narlune renee My ormecaccmie cen mlm ero

Experience
IRC OST ONE as Se UUA LIE ER Scr NaN Cel Orme
© The supply administration and operations OccF includes aviation supply specialists who supervise, lead, or perform highly technical

fictions in the areas of aviation unique applications of managing, regulating, coordinating, or otherwise exercising control over supplies,
equipment, or other material. The work includes numerous phases of autormted material management including initial planning, provisioning
and requirements determination, acquisition and distribution, accountability, and ultimate issue for consumption, retention or disposal. Fiscal
accounting and purchasing procedures are performed in accordance with Federal Acquisition regulations. Qualifications required include,
personal computer operation skill, familiarity with terminology, proficiency in key boarding, basic understanding of data entry, application,
and manipuhtion. Duties involved administrative and government specific procedures for the use of mterial.

Education
Certificate of Compktion : BASIC LEADERSHIP AND MILITARY STUDIES 2013 Marine Corps Institute City , State, USA

Adhering to Marine Corps Orders and Directives, Specific training and

education requirements were assigned and needed to be completed

annually. The Marine Corps Institute had several courses of study to

enroll in. Courses of'study varied on Occupational Specialty to Safety

of Weapons and Weapons Handling, Leadership Traits, Leading Marines,

as well as English, Spelling and Mathemntics

Certificate of Completion : Military Leadership 2006 Marine Coms Institute City , State, USA
BI RCCE Re ed icra lcci enObunameersnecennlt

abilities to act as small group keader, Council and administer

personnel. Commute orally and in writing. Understand and communicate

Marine history and traditions and employ small group tactics and
