PLANNER/SCHEDULER
Summary

Highly motivated, effective communicator and problem solver. Works well with team members and groups from diverse backgrounds. Pursuing an
exciting new career in the health field.

Highlights
CoH ee Ne SCTG
© CPReertified

Sie eR oes iReo niin tLesicet6 <) MER Levee iO) ineemcliley

; CRS Te reeiarioekoneac
SS ea anes. al Ceasar
Green belt qualified for Lean Sigma
Accomplishments

Achieved Sailor of the year for NAS Oceana Virginia Beach, Va 1999
Achieved 4 Naval Achievement Medals
Advanced from Field work for Chevron Coalinga to Maintenance Planner in under 1 year.

schivor anes
Phanner/Scheduker Nov 2011 to Jan 2015
Company Name - City , State

Determine schedules, sequences, and assignments for work activities, based on work priority, quantity of equipment, and skill of personnel.
Monitor employees' work levels and review work performance.

Monitor tool and part inventories and the condition and maintenance of shops to ensure adequate working conditions.

Uectuiled er ck nen g noe com a ei cee leans

Compile operational or personnel records, such as time and production records, inventory data, repair or maintenance statistics, or test
pets

Develop, implement, or evaluate maintenance policies and procedures.

Conduct or arrange for worker training in safety, repair, or maintenance techniques, operational procedures, or equipment use.

Inspect and monitor work areas, examine tools and equipment, and provide employee safety training to prevent, detect, and correct unsafe
corditions or violations of procedures and safety rules.

Requisition materials and supplies, such as tools, equipment, or replacement parts.

Participate in budget preparation and administration, coordinating purchasing and documentation and monitoring departmental expenditures.
Weevil R ior COnRe mnie ore eke conch ed llcaicas Bib ebm Mele

Compute estimates and actual costs of factors such as materials, labor, or outside contractors.

Confer with personnel, such as managerment, engineering, quality control, custorrer, or union workers’ representatives, to coordinate work
activities, resolve employee grievances, or identify and review resource needs.

© Develop or implement electronic maintenance programs or computer information management systems.

Maintenance Head operator Oct 2010 to Nov 2011
Company Name - City , State

* Use tools ranging from common hard and power tools, such as hammers, hoists, saws, drills, and wrenches, to precision measuring
instruments and electrical and electronic testing devices.

© Perform routine preventive maintenance to ensure that machines continue to run smoothly, building systems operate efficiently, or the

physical condition of buikdings does not deteriorate.

Inspect, operate, or test machinery or equipment to diagnose machine malfinctions.

Diagnose mechanical problems and determine how to correct them, checking blueprints, repair manual, or parts catalogs, as necessary.

Inspect drives, motors, and belts, check fluid levels, rephce fitters, or perform other maintenance actions, following checklists.

Clean or lubricate shafts, bearings, gears, or other parts of machinery.

Record type and cost of maintenance or repair work.

Repair or replace defective equipment parts, using hand tools and power took, and reassemble equipment.

yurrinidslsnemeon mae ieee net Camncel Lele

Train and manage maintenance personnel and subcontractors.

Monitor tool and part inventories and the condition and maintenance of shops to ensure adequate working conditions.

Compile operational or personnel records, such as time and production records, inventory data, repair or maintenance statistics, or test

pets

Develop, implement, or evaluate maintenance policies and procedures.

Examine objects, systems, or facilities and analyze information to determine needed installations, services, or repairs.

Inspect and monitor work areas, examine tools and equipment, and provide employee safety training to prevent, detect, and correct unsafe

corditions or violations of procedures and safety rules.

© Requisition materials and supplies, such as tools, equipment, or replacement parts.
