MANAGEMENT AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS

Professional Summary

Hummn services degree, ARCOM award for successfill works as a budget and Administration works in the Oklahorm National Guard training
department, successfully completed and passed two administration and budget related inspections, Volunteered with the Oklhorma National
Guard family prograrrs, Proficient in Microsoft Office to include, Excel, Power-point Word/ Typing 45 Words per minute. Experience in briefing
administrative issues, strategies, and solutions. Experience in gathering research, searching polices, regulations and verbally communicating end
results. Ability to use extensive budget knowledge to mentor and train others that are new to the field. Organized and rebuild Oklahorm Counter
drug administration and financial records to meet National Guard Bureau standards receiving a 100% in administration and 88% in finance while
undergoing evaluation. Ability to lead and take direction, work well with others. https/Avww.usajobs.gow Applicant/Resume/ListResumes
3/9/2015 hitps /Avww.usajobs.govlApplicant/Resume/ListResumes 3/9/2015

Core Qualifications

Fik/reAmalytical reasoning

J Ell alewmehreesnilinekent attic)
Account reconciliation
Superior research skills
[Or eeeieaibcenned
Effective time management
Spreadsheet development

Financial Records and Processing
Oral and Written communications
Qui tmOreaeng

Records Maintencance

schivor anes
Managenent and Program Analysis 08/2011 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

Maintain detailed record of budgetary transaction for annual operation of the SAO(State Aviation Office) budget

Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.

Prepared financial and regulatory reports required by laws, regulations or boards of directors.

Completed monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for 11 srrall companies.

Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.
Restructured and analyzed [Software program] to improve budget reporting

-Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software.

Analyzed costs and revenues to project fiture trends.

01/2011 to 08/2011 City, State

43,000.00 USO per Year Hours per week: 40 Budget technician (This is a federal job Analyzes fimding for Oklahorm National Guard
Aviation Flying Hour Program, Counter-Narcotics Program, and Additional Flight training Periods to aid effectiveness and to identify
Cldiranetetremtcancn

Independently or as assigned undertakes projects which involves surveys, comparisons and studies of current and past operations.
Reviews, evaluates and analyzes obligations and expenditures.

Prepares aviation summaries for reports submitted by subordinate AASF's.

Summarizes and interprets significant data collected and relates this data to aviation plans, standards, and actions; identifies and analyzes
deficiencies in resource consumption, training, workload and scheduling, and evaluates deviations from standards, plans and estimates to
determine cause and impact on aviation mission.

Advises management when manpower authorizations, based on analytical and statistical studies, appear unbalanced.

Identifies and validates the manning required to support the mission assigned the organization by the use of various forecasting and statistical
techniques.

Evaluate changes in the aviation operation pln for programs that will affect the FHP and training capability forecast.

Based upon higher guidance develop and annual budget for the aviation program.

Reviews prior and current budgets/fimding trends, complies finding projections and prepares fimding recommendations.

Anticipates requirements for aviation finds by reviewing execution plans and recommends appropriate action such as reprogramming fimds
from one project or facility to another to correct finds shortage.

Dato eset nrshencd le eue@eclaw Ormtncbiecys weucletse

Provides cost analysis for unit school proposals and the Synthetic Flight Training Simulator Program.

Wome LHies et Mian acH ents tcestin a jecd sl acer Leni ce OUCH SGT CCE TE CSI Cibo le et ce Oy iar Ee
Lubrication, repair parts, flying hours and personnel requirerrents.

Knowledge of analytical and evaluative techniques to analyze program elements of the aviation program in ters of capabilities and
fpeeniLc tO Ce

Knowledge of administrative regulations and operating procedures to identify, analyze and provide recommendations for improving aviation
methods and procedures.

Proficient with ARMY computer programs such as AFCOS, SAP financial system, STANFINS, Defense Travel System as well as Excel
Baoan

Supervisor: Clifton Barger (405-228-5473) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes.

10/2007 to 01/2011 Company Nan City , State

PT toc a Le Sarat Sve ad arr
