AFSCME UNION PRESIDENT
Summary

Focused Operations Manager (union president) successful m contract negotiation and process improverrent. Remains calmand poised even in
high-pressure situations. Leverages in-depth knowledge of industry trends and shifts to offér valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and

Corset cLe
BS ania}
CM Iiguats yeieeng
* Policy/program development * Excel spreadsheets
© Cross-fimetional team management © Meticulous attention to detail
© Stafftrainng © Time management
© Skilled negotiator * Professional and mature
© Sound judgment CMe sceeoniceiiag
CREO leicucclaa Ce Prewitt
© Complex problem solving © Meeting planning
¢ Calmunder pressure ¢ Schedule management
Pm Ovarliorpissasnasd Re Scrtlcemeneetincwreiitey
© Inventory contro!
Accomplishments
© Showed kadership by becoming the vice president of AFSCME District Council 90 eboard.
* Increased union office organization by developing more efficient filing system and grievance database protocok.
¢ Successfilly planned and executed trainings/meetings, ches and special events for groups of 10 to 100+ employees.
© Developed and implemented first union president manual outlining all proper business procedures and office policies. members.

schivor anes
AFSCME Union President 11/2004 to Current Company Name City , State

I am highly involved in the oversight and operations of Local 2534's Union office.

Asa Local Union Training Instructor (LUTN, I prepare and conduct training to other Locals.

I am Vice President on AFSCME District Council 90's board.

Responsibilities are but not limited to: 1 oversee a board and steward structure of 12 members as well as indirect supervisor of 3 trustees of
our local.

Conduct evaluations all training to ensure productive results as a means of improverments.

Work as a team player with other Leadership Union Training Instructor (LUTI) to enhance the impkerrentation and so that we are all getting
fincketipeb leneneslho em

Ensure all notifications, documents and grievances are processed in a timely manner in order to meet deadlines.

Assist the AFSCME Staff Representative in directing operations to ensure the Master Agreement compliances/ Management Directives and
Policies.

Serve as AFSCME's union expert and spokesperson at trainings, conferences and meetings and acts as a liaison with management,
commonwealth, employees, legislators, union borers and the community Serves as a contact to all intemal and external agencies,
businesses, bureaus, employees, Penndot Secretaries, Deputy Secretaries and Directors.

I phn, direct, control and administer implementation of steward, officer and treasurer training to new and existing officers of AFSCME
Pee RU en teem Babee @ennb ates y

J Reise @eeelese HOP te ROME ZALIeE@ene cling nit ck OS MCI I

Provided operational support to the Section Aviation Manager and provided technical assistance to field aviators.

I phn, direct, coordinated and control all aspects of public or private airports/heliports to be sure they complied with state regulations
orcnainerel as meienet(tece

Decisions on whether to initially license, spect, renew, change status, suspend, abandon or remove their licenses.

Responsibilities are but not limited: Contact airports, specialists and supervisors to make decisions on information received for licensing
Scheduling inspections and flight request to assist with compliance regulations Check initial applications for charity, completeness Performs
public contact work in gathering information, resolving comphints, engendering support, and providing information.

Insures adherence to administrative standards through maintenance of control systems such as: (Excel, Access and Airspace) Create ktters
through mail merging to all airports and heliports in our system dictating when their license expires Coordinate public hearings required by
law for proposed new airports including venue and stenographer support.

Grants Assistant 06/2002 to 06/2003 Company Nam City , State

Supported the Policy and Planning Division with accounting and administrative duties within the grants and revolving loan program
Responsibilities are but not limited: Process time sensitive grant amendments received from airport sponsors/owners Prepared letters to
