PROGRAM MANAGER
Highlights

Microsoft Office (Word, Access, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint) Advanced
GFEBS

AN Fine le io, did

Professional Intermediate

Windows

Vista Beginner

CPR/Conbat Lifesaver Intermediate

Experience

Ace eek OR@licna Gorse cing

Program Manager

September 2006 Company Name i City , State

Elana RU

Hours per week: 40.

PUPAL bom

Maintain accountability on aviation, health and safety budget for 6 different divisions and 23 sub-divisions.

(XO pice nd EEN Gore nEAOiL cr ner EN abe cccce ENO Cm

Insures that needed plans, materials, and tools are availabk, and that needed stock is obtained from supply locations.

Inspect monthly obligation pans, STANFINS reports GFEBS and AFCOS accountability to avoid over-obligating,

Sustain constant program schedules and status to provide accurate information to State Aviation Officer and Chiefof Stat

ESHOP cm Coulee tec Reentce aka success yack loans mip iesurii to. caltae

Develop future fiscal year operating program plans that include variations for fuel and personnel costs, flight hours, maintenance, weather
Bie Roxeat Lous

Executed between 99,9-100% every fiscal year with over $3.5M, 3 Airframes and 17 aircraft.

Utilized the Logistics Modemization Program (LMP) for order processing, inventory managerent, customer service and acquisition.
Created, maintained, and updated automated Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).

Compiles data for reports, projections, flow charts, and graphs for all missions and compktes presentations through Adobe or Microsoft to
Company, Troop and Battalion commanders.

Routinely edits content, grammar, style and presentation of multi-formatted documents with technical and visual information to improve the
intended audience's interpretation and acceptance of topics presented.

Creates databases and spreadsheets to reflect accountability items, fimding, budget, analytical and statistical information.

Utilized various programs to conduct own research for fiture productions of equipment.

Assisted maintenance officer with competing all 4610-Rs required to begin production of AASF #2 in Grand Island.

Maintains the KIRS Key contro! Program.

Compktes finding requests on PRweb, typing Monthly Obligation Plans, tracking/cutting orders and obligating/de-obligating finds on
AFCOS.

Analyzed finding for AFTPs and SFTSP from TC 1-210 and DFAS 37-100-2008.

Assists State Aviation Safety Officers from Colorado, Utah and Minnesota on COMSEC and Quality Control complications.
Coordimtes delivery, status of repair and/or pickup of equipment with supported units and maintenance shops through network database.
eSee OR on CoB SuraLeicb onc ceB DUT LRT arom ici eee cm E SiC LOC CMeTD CRI CTICR Cia

Insures that needed plans, blueprints, materials, and tools are availabk, and that needed stock is obtained from supply locations.

Guides and assists other workers performing repair work.

OVO B Lane CM ce ras onic eBid eater crac tc 7) Ce COMIN ICLIO@ CCC renounce liuniesncene
troubkshoots the ekectronic, electrical, mechanical and hydraulic assemblies, moduks, and interconnecting cables ofa variety of combat and
tactical electronic, communication, navigation and secure/comsec equipment to include FM, UHF, VHF, KY-58, KIT-1C, Sincgars,
Doppker/GPS, High fiequency ARC-220, AFCS System, VOR, IFF, transponder, gyros, HUDS, CIS, HIS, VSI, Night Vision Goggles
Eire Rune

Utilizes Integrated Family Test Equipment (FTE), Built In Test Equipment (BITE), Validators and break out boxes (BOB) for fault
isolation, verification, or adjustment of assemblies, systerrs, circuit cards, components, wiring and electronic modules.

Experienced in working in fast paced environments which demand organizational, personal and professional skills.

Honorabk, principled and poised during any situation.

Detail oriented and resourceful in completing any project and multi-tasking.

Proficient at databases, presentations, logistics and word processing.

May 1998 to Current Company Nane

Grade Level: E-4.

Salary: $300/month,

Quality Assurance/Technical Inspector.

Maintains All files and records for 24 UH-60A Blackhawk, and 14 CH-47 Chinook Helicopters.
Inspects all avionics/electronic work compkted through Microsoft office and windows XP professional.
Created a network database and maintained all calibrated systems and test equipment for the Battalion.
