AVIATION OPERATION SPECIALIST
Summary

Pursuing a position as a Client Support Specialist II, along with the opportunity to achieve and maintain the highest level of customer service, data
Co ois Lenmalne Rec tox<aa levees

Highlights
CMasirvidicsinestne mea e ser asd : arian md
* New employee orientations 0 pe
Cece Soa OL eee o

e

Perret Exceptional communicator

Secret Security Clearance (Ckarable)

Accomplishments
Awarded with good conduct medal for excellent military service
Awarded (2) Army Achievernent Medals.

schivor anes
Aviation Operation Specialist
January 2014 to February 2015 Company Nar - City , State

CPROU CMT Later naninleceecrcHie LUUmeaGB Omieee Meee ha Okan ba nur Blut gegen ects ete CLR wc eEi bee i)
and all aviator flight information was accurately and consistently logged for daily and weekly flight reports.

Safeguarded, analyzed and maintained up-to-date aviator flight hours and personnel individual flight records utilizing Centralized Aviation
Flight Records (CAFRS) information operating systems for more than 60 aviators identifying and correcting deficiencies by 20%,
Presented excellent communication skills through secured radios identifying all aviators medical status, their aircraft information and location
in cases of precautionary landings due to aircraft deficiencies, weather or accidents, in order to inform the appropriate channels with a
Freche eng raceira tin rructiacesianmltled

Monitored secured radios in order to assist the aviators with their take offand landing by contacting maintenance crews and fueling crews
when needed increasing communication between all parties and rapid service.

Managed equipment with a cost of more than 30 thousand dollars with no loss conducting constant inventory checks and following detail
specific procedures when issuing and receiving specific equipment.

Continuously organized and created systems of labeling and storing of classified documents and equipment.

© Provided excelent customer service to all aviators who had issues or concems regarding their flight hours by searching through all previous
eee etna nea siecle pemalicase PenuRCeeeseat ical cm

Tracked all aviators and aircraft utilizing digital mapping systers.

¢ Assisted the control tower and base ops by communicating aviator and flight information.

Secret security clearance.

Defense Travel System Representative
January 2012 to December 2014 Company Name - City, State

* Managed over I million dollars of Federal finds in travel arrangements, chims and travel reimbursements for over 300 employees using
Defense Travel Operating Systems (DTS) resulting ina decrease of error with excessive expenses by 10%.

Orttet Pol emo gech pleat uicateraee Raab alge

Excelied in communicating data, reports and trackers ofall Federal fimds utilized for personnel travel, claims and reirbursements.

Safe guarded and destroyed all sensitive personnel information such as social security numbers, and bank accounts decreasing identity theft.
Provided stellar customer service to more than 300 employees individually and colkctively by coordinating all of their travel arrangements
for career progression training and special missions within different states and countries providing them with a smooth transition.
Maintained all accounts for over 300 employees and created trackers through excel their inbound and outbound dates.

Worked side by side with SATO travel agency in order to book flights and car rentals for all employees who were travelling on missions,
iolineeceneie arpa ynet ecm

Created reports for all employees who were delinquent in closing out their travel vouchers Trained 5 employees on DTS policies and
procedures along with federal fimd allocation and entitlements.

Secret security clearance.

Adiministrative Assistant
July 2011 to December 2011 Company Name - City , State

© Secret security clearance Created weekly rotational day and night flight schedules on excel assigning aviators specific dates and times for
potential flights enforcing faimess while maximizing productivity.

¢ Fikd all approved flight schedules as per the FAA Created battle rhythm books for missions and training with policies, procedures,
directories, maps, scheduks, all content needed as reference to complete specific missions.

* Excellent communication skills by answering phone calls and relaying messages, sending out emails and replying to ennils witha fast
response time.
