AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
Summary

Retired Air Traffic Controler with more than 32 years of experience working traffic in the En Route Environment. Performed OJTI, CIC and
ERAM SME duties, specializing ERAM automaton.

Highlights
* Certified En Route Air Traffic control experience.
© Strong collaborative team Member.
© Effective listening,
* Application of risk-management Principks.

© Leaming style assessment.

Cer atenlelrle) om
e Fast kamer.

Accomplishments
Preformed a comprehensive Analysis of the Federal Aviation Administrations En Route Automtion Modernization (ERAM) upgrade

© Iwas a member of the Independent Operational Assessment (IOA) team that performed a comprehensive Analysis of the ERAM upgrade
to the National Air Space System (NAS). I performed in-depth triage of ERAM anomalies at 16 different ARTCC as an ERAM Subject
Matter Expert (SME).

© And at times made recommendations, for what kind of adaptations to local Automation could be made to enhance ERAMs performance at
a particular facility.

schivor anes
Air Trafic Controller , 08/1983 to 12/2015 Company Name i City , State

Whik working more than 32 years as an En Route Air Traffic Controler (ATCS) in the En Route environrent, I maintained the safe, orderly, and
expeditious flow of air traffic in the NAS. I was an expert at various disciplines of air traffic control while maintaining at least the minimum
separation standard's, and adhering to procedures and regulation as set forth by the Federal Aviation Administration,

04/2013 to 01/2015

© Was a National En Route Automation Modemization (ERAM) Subject Mater Expert (SME) and visited 16 En-Route Air Traffic Control
Centers (ARTCC) and identified ERAM anomalies. In addition to documenting ERAM's undesirable process, also recommending
adaptation changes that resulted in the desired behavior for the affected facility. When not documenting ERAM anomulies, or consulting on
LT Ee ean cerdreinchiiced teresa ania iced MRUHLOnall Lemosrecrins dey SreerliS ae BE nealing
collateral duties as an JOA team member and a National ERAM SME, I was able to maintain my currency every month, and conducted
OvT.

UTPAU ERP)

* Served as a National SME on the FAA's Independent Operational Assessment (IOA) team As a team member I collected data and
collaborated on the final report conceming the operational readiness for ERAM's National Deployment.

© 28 years of experience working transition sectors from domestic Air Traffic Services to Oceanic Air Traffic services. This airspace required
manual coordination on route, altitude and time estimates with Oakland Oceanic sectors; as well as establishing oceanic separation standers
for the affected flight before entering an oceanic sector. This Radar-Non Radar environment required me to correlate flight plans with
Speer ue RU ILO uate CMake om oatiieaicke mien santvaluen ute nee irenleetvace ttre le

© Worked Arrival and Departure traffic In and out of Seattle-Tacorm Intemational Airport (SEA) for 32 years. This required closely working
witha level 5 Approach control, facilitating the separation of aircraft during the transition phase of. flight from the terminal to the En Route
enviroment. This requires a strong working knowledge of geography for expediting flight on their flight plans, while working within flow
control restriction, weather, and volume limitations. And before the wide acceptance of GPS navigation this required Jong range vectoring,
which required consideration of weather and traffic situations. Sequenced traffic for Seattle Approach (S46) from high sectors (above
FL230) and low sectors (below FL240) as well as converging routes, in sectors that were over the Cascade Mountains, which introduced
weather, and train factors.

© With 28 years of experience working aircraft in a transitional phase of flight (back and forth from terminal and En Route) I have extensive

Nie conn CotmereLem Lic Ma \ nek qo licnieatcw rani israumeu icles aN PAA Die eS PN CRC Unlooiy

descend and climb via phases of transitioning to and from the En Route to Terminal environment. As well as more conventional types of En

Route navigation like Jet routs, victor airway, "Q" routs, "K" fixes, as well as point-to point GPS/RNAV/ Latitude/longjtude Navigation, and

conventional SID's and STAR's.

I worked daily miliary training flights on IR and VR routes, airspace reservation both moving ALTRAV and special Use airspace (SUA). I

have experience with Naval (P3, F18, E2, A6 and EA6 aircraft, Air force (F16, F15, F4, C17, C141, KC35, B2 and B52), Army (A10,

UHG60, and AH64), and Air National Guard (F4, F15 and F16) and their missions. The sectors I was certified on had Naval, Air force, and

Army bases and a joint civilian/Air National Guard base. My experience involves clearing fighters into and recovering fighters from special

use airspace, as well as air refueling missions and helicopters for the Army back and forth from base to training grounds.
