FORCE ANALYST
Summary
Profile Honorably Discharged Navy First Class Aviation Specialist transitioning from the US Navy to civilian professional with previous experience
in criminal justice-- Highly motivated to leverage ten years of combined experience and education and achieverrents to a long-term service.
Homeland Security Professional who prides in the well-being ofall citizens and executes each task with precision and detail.
BS ania}
CERO Str RO Relea erchiiecg
Emergency Planning & Response
SAR/Sexual Assault Awareness
Windows Expertise
Report/Operations Analyst
Ui)hemerl ase iscatinibd
Background in Supervising/Management
Critical Thinking
Firearms Safety & Handing
Judgment and Decision Making
Personnel and Hummin Resources
Active Listening

schivor anes
Force Analyst
May 2013 to Current Company Name

© Developed and Ied training programs in preparation for combat.

PENoserCratc (elke Cesccl et Cuelirce Om ube cieneae ited RU NLOn Ve CuneeTe BLING PAO tnERuelt ies Ne Dee L CesT De BT) excl Leoe
¢ Maintained 100% accountability ofall assigned equipment worth more than $120,000, whik tracking personnel and supplies within the
command.

Communicated urgent orders and directions effectively to team of 20+ personnel.

Prepared reports and correspondence: determine requirements for requisition and control issue of change kits; requisition departmental
instructions, forms, and technical data; organize, maintain, and operate technical libraries; perform others duties as required when attached
ORO eM Nar ets eRUCetTeNelislilcremerenyitewemsILeneietauete islam

Currently working in a position that is generally held by a seasonal administrative assistance taking care of ingoing and outing going calls.
The setting up of Video Teleconfence and making orders on the Defense Travel System

Developed a cost-saving algorithm to identify corrosion treatment, and special inspection documentation.

irecce senna ar Loe PR cornea de <arliiLa Ripe bLconcuae eal panel eny

Lead Navy command Navy and Marine Comp Relief Society by raising 13.644 for active duty services member in need of financial
assistance,

PAT olalersipeoratelnin yaya
March 2009 to May 2013 Company Name

© Ensured system security, database integrity and configuration management was maintained.

© Supervised other enlisted active duty members in training while overseeing various job tasks of others.

* Optimized NALCOMIS OMA activities and Naval Aviation Logistics Data Analysis for configuration changes, technical directives, work
Oconmnle te liubmeledean asin

© Operate and manage the Naval Aviation Logistics Command Mamgement Information System data base reports; analyze data pertaining to
the history, operation, maintenance, configuration, receipt, and transfer of Naval aircraft and related aeronautical equipment.

© Planned programmed and coordinated scheduled and unscheduled maintenance tasks and the incorporation of changes and modifications
onto aircraft and equipment.

(eo ccre i Ceiiaag
March 2005 to March 2009 Company Narre 1% City, State

© Physically restrained individuals when disturbances required physical intervention.

Escorted innmtes to and fromcells, court, hospitals and medical appointrents.

Maintained the custody and control of 114 inmates housed in maxinum security unit.

Observed behavior of residents individually and in group Established healthy relationships and maintained professional boundaries with
prece(an me lcneaes in nem ect Len

© Prepared, processed and maintained fons, reports, logs, records and activity journals.

© Recognition & Awards Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal.

Company Name
© Certificate of Appreciation.

Education
