BENG USI SNIS OOTP ANGL oY
Summary

Over 17 years’ experience in Airport Operations safety and training with an extensive knowledge of the applicable federal rules and regulations
affecting the safe and efficient operations of FAR Part 139 certified airport. Experienced in accident investigation and analysis to develop action
pkans and initiatives to address accident trends. Experienced in transportation management, and gas station management with a profound ability to
phan, organize, coordinate, prioritize, assign and evahute the work of subordimte employees. Inirense ability to prepare accurate plans cost
estimates, and reports. Uncommon ability to make accurate computations and cost projections, Sound ability to commumicate effectively, both
orally and in writing and to prepare reports of'a complex technical nature. Proficient in research, writing, case management and client relations.

Perea
© Colkctive bargaining techniques : veal
Cae uhelie ee ase aL a caren
, eae eater mTeED * Creative problem solver
Be Seca Cellet ae Panis
* Safety policy development
Accomplishments

Planned and implemented an online training that saved thousands of dollars on overtime payments and facilitated the compliance of required
recurrent training programs.

Spearheaded the 0 runway incursions program during a runway renumbering during Miami International airport expansion project, reducing and
eliminating rumvay incursion during that period.

Inplemented an Tug Numbering System critical during tug operations at Miami Intemational Airport.

schivor anes
OHO E Baek}
Entrepreneur General Manager Company Nan i City , State

Managed the daily operations of the gas stations.

Oversaw saks, inventory and staffon a monthly basis.

Conducted and performed inspections ofall gas equipment and facilities.

Maintained and obtained a clean and customer friendly environment for various customers.

Enforced and implemented strict policies and procedures reguhting the gas stations.

Responsible for hire and mamging more than 30 employees.

Oversaw the price management of fils and merchandise.

Monitored monthly sales, and inventory, prepared monthly cash balance reports for the gas station and convenience store.

Sought, prepared, negotiated and obtained contracts with USAID to deliver food and seeds throughout Haiti.

Created, prepared, and mnintained records and documents related to the operation and administration of the delivery of assigned loads, and
igeslicdhione cereal crmORlbeR ie

Conducted researched, evaluated, and nuke decisions on what mode and route to take for transportation of loads throughout Haiti
Planned, organized, coordinated, prioritized, assigned, and evaluated the work of subordinate's employees.

Coordinated and oversaw the daily operations of the trucks, Prepared and administer the budgets.

Answered inquiries and complaints from our customers related the delivery of loads.

Monitored ongoing expenses relative to budget projections.Recruited, retamed and developed staffRecruited, retained and developed staff.
Increased company market share by 20% in just 3

Monitored 4 project budgets cach for 24.months.

Developed and managed annual operating budgets for the gas station and the transportation business.

Oversaw the development and hunch of Haiti Towing business.

Recruited, hired and trained 30 new employees for the gas station, the convenient store and the transportation department,

Built and maintained effective accounts receivable and cash flow monitoring systems.

Boosted revenue by $100,000.00 in the first year by spearheading development of waste control.

Mentored, coached and trained 5 team members.

Identified inefficiencies, made recommendations and implemented them for process improverents.

STE Aa Cre G|
Safety & Trainng Coordinator Company Name iA City , State

Responsible for the preparation of training for more than 15,000 airport employees.

Planned, directed, oversaw, reviewed and evaluated the work of staff providing support to airport training program.

Maintained or directed the maintenance ofaccurate records and files.

Monitored changes in legislation and FAA regulations that may affect training program operations or service delivery; evaluated their effect
upon program activities and recommends appropriate policy and procedure modifications.
