STUDENT
Professional Summary
Compketed Bachelors of Science in Interdisciplinary Social Science and Minor m Conflict Analysis and Traurma Studies in August 2015. Possesses
strong interpersonal skills and a desire for a career in social sciences. Served 8 1/2 years' in the US Army with experience in professionalism,
dedication to duty, and integrity. Extensive background in Executive Administrative affairs over a 4 year period, including experience in employee
POlLiea coolant become ico eee muni dare) ho mocnaclesliekunccirerMmonte i ienterm ine icone
peo eR celica eencce UCase liecainest ete keselet nececcatre cd
Core Qualifications

¢ Personnel Management; Personnel Information

© Management; Proficient in Microsoft Outlook/Excel
Word/Power point; Employee Relations; General Office
Operations; Orientations/Ceremonies Training and
DL ae earn IbeRUANA Lo CnePAMlNACOnsynce ORCL]

Experience
RSihe(anig
June 2013 to Current City , State

© Diligently maintained living environment for three individuals and two pets all while completing Bachelors of Science through distance
Tele

¢ Provided three nutritional meals daily.
© Responsibk for the care and well-being of one child.

September 2004 to June 2013 Company Name
CREE

Eee LPG L SIL EPEC Ste
September 2012 to April 2013 Company Name - City , State

¢ Essential member of the Amy communications maintenance team and is primarily responsible for performing field and sustainment kvel
Hilo e Ea ene EN SOME cal neo uckine Ree iran

¢ Maintain, test and repair communication equipment Install and repair circuits and wiring Calibrate and align equipment components Test and
isolate faulty assemblies and components Replace parts, rewire equipment and interconnect components on semiautomatic telephone
switchboard.

Executive Administrative Assistant Senior Commander
September 2011 to September 2012 City, State

Coordinated and scheduled training visits, briefings, appointments, correspondences and travel arrangements for the Ist Infantry Division
PAG rnceke dean Malema ire on

OB See toxea lanlg coe nL MUL pce na Reon rule eM OI RUIEl DP abated ates ecco oe

PE Ore mligo aceon a ones NEC auntie Meese mec Conner myiasis ita er erited
simuttancously with good judgment.

PRO ec aorsei LoL ke eo aI ron coemclu ee Rhee) trot e Reta ce

¢ Responsibk for creating and maintaining the Brigades operation orders, detailing and delegating tasks to subordinate units.

¢ Maintain flight logs on incoming/outgoing flights and individual flight records.

J ca LPNS LE INCLU LEPC SATE
January 2011 to September 2011

40+ hrs Ist Infantry Division - Fort Riley, KS Served as the Executive Administrative Assistant to the Division Command Sergeant Major
SOL SSB ee Coen Tao Se nn Rice VAM nee Laer eNcrscts econ
Ror col GB WEN MESA Len ER caccct a

© Coordinated and scheduled training visits, briefings, appointments, correspondences and travel arrangements.

Executed over 15 boards and 27 award ceremonies recognizing Sokdiers and Civilians who contribute to esprit de corps and superior
panera ack asta

Pe eel cckowa a onvonaritan rte bo ECM re Rrra Cte

© Supervised and mentored 2 Soldiers on daily operations.

Pieri eC HTN
June 2010 to Decerrber 2010 Company Name - City , State

© 35-40 hrs Served as the administrative assistant for brigade command group.

SOS aes odontal omc ageliop olen mene nial moran ace Rlnacrenltece cel
¢ Developed kesson plan on composite risk management adopted as brigade standard.

¢ Coordinated over 25 air and ground travel arrangements for the Brigade Command Sergeant Major.
