BANK TELLER

Professional Summary

Personabk, high-energy nursing professional. An ambitious individual who has a demonstrated ability to address patient's needs ina timely manner.
Proven success in dealing with patients and families from different backgrounds. Eager to work ina busy environment to achieve the highest level
Cgtccrkwcsli aah om

I Rance)

CPR certified through American Heart Association

Skills

Medical Terminology

Vital Signs & Patient MonitoringA

Ekctronic Health Record

HIPPA Reguhtions/ Privacy

Patient Safety & Care

Patient Advocacy and Support

IW Ccte Pre sic italy

ae

Professional Experience

09/2015 to Current

Bank Teller Company Nan 14 City , State

¢ A Professional tellers are responsible for providing a positive customer experience that eads to improved satisfixction and sales.

* Professional tellers process transactions accurately and efficiently ina fast-paced environment while simultancously introducing products and
Soa eed se edaiLcUic onus Brontcer Rarer nehunderderect koenivemledmel Teele RuTie Scuuee atten cae

© Your duties muy include, but are not limited to the following: Create a connection and develop rapport with customers to provide
outstanding, personalized service Listen carefilly and connect with customers to understand their top financial priorities and to uncover
products and solutions that will benefit them Ensure customers/clients are quickly connected to the appropriate teammate with the expertise
to meet their needs Meet or exceed sales goals by influencing customers to leam about products/services that will benefit them Build,
develop and maintain partnerships with teammntes and specialists to maximize effectiveness and serve customers.

09/2014 to 05/2015
Retail Sales Consultant Company Name i City , State

¢ Interacting among clients with a primary focus on business retention and new business roll outs; provided superior support services aligned
to the client's priorities in order to drive loyalty and maximize the business value of their investment.

Driven to meet all sakes goals and educated all customers on available promotions and product plans.

Maintain strong knowledge ofall products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions and service features.

Provide efficient, courteous customer service and assist in all aspects of product offerings and services.

Recognized as number one in the store for newest accounts opened for the months of February and March 2015.

Ranked Top 5% in store the entire term of employment Voluntary customer service training completed, gained advanced customer service
skills to improve productivity Established strong networking relationships with every customer.

AUER Re taans
Aviation Resource MANAGER Company Name i State

* Review, plan, and implement aircraft and crew schedules from day of scheduled events to 6 months in advance to ensure optimum crew and
PianligelneR sua ekelcncsiee CR Un eMMne none eee C A ata tion elma ace Lc emaiiael@istelcritt amie ni ronucaice|
(ole) renin

Urea MIB Une lee Mier aC UGE TURE BOP AL AICO concen WAIL a nmeNoH LHP alee NB IC 1m

Conducted 62 flight record reviews, updating personnel data reducing workload by 20 percent.

Ohne bccn wAmeceOned Pineleonlelcs

Adapted by 4 Organizations).

Oversee and supervise 12 personnel during daily operations.

07/2011 to 12/2011
Administrative Executive Company Name i City

* Provided high-level administrative support to 5 leading military officials by conducting research, preparing statistical reports, handling
information requests, and performing clerical fimctions such as preparing correspondence, emailing, receiving visitors, arranging conference
calls, and scheduling meetings.

Train and supervise lower-level clerical stafl

FATiLon bao hv MU lbeec Le S OYE CHL RMTB Lis nacanancanet a

Organized office filing plan, labeling/auditing 800 packages ensuring compliance.

Generated 24 flight orders for North Atlantic Treaty Organization; 67 successful training tasks completed.

Education and Training
vA
