ASSISTANT TO MANAGING DIRECTOR

Professional Profile

Palos Besle sR aneltlen ince Coie aoe or ANU Re ro ications lias ce CH Son enemies eis PY Oni ce Eta
multifaceted candidate. Eager to contribute strong sakes management, general business administration, CRM, HR, operations planning,
coordination and monitoring skills. Proficient at identifying cost-effective strategies to promote significant savings. Effectively define, develop and
Fie orenaatenb else ORO eee Onsen od ocetiban inane katie cy a

Experience

Assistant to Managing Director

December 2013 to April 2014 Company Name i City

© Offered dedicated support to the Managing Director as to other Executives when required, conducting research, issuing all corporate

presentations, arranging meetings, appointments, and travel accommodations improving overall quality and efficiency.

Filtered Managing Director phone calls, managed his Agenda and prepared correspondence as required.

Communicated regularly with vendors and contractors scheduling meetings and addressing concerns.

Prepared the general requisition purchase order for stationary and organized the filing system ina timely manner.

Prepared reports, conducted reconciliations, and resolved discrepancies.

Excelked balancing staff and DirectorA’s needs.

Key Accomplishments Overhauled and solved an accumuhted discrepancy ona series of vendor invoices and succeeded on the

reconciliation.

© Carrying out background research and presenting successful findings ; Producing docurrents, briefing papers, reports and weekly and
monthly presentations; Notably organized and arranged meetings and corporate events; ensuring the manager is well prepared and arranging
Pees Coir ne Mae cHuc acm redae cure steko yim

She EliatLaw
April 2008 to December 2011 Company Name 14 City

Pee leetiicoom incinnRtcarcctReccont talc ccs ece ea mchova bene as arsuncriPcom nd MCR OIECKCN AORN irae ge
eke toed

Responsibke for making sure that contracts, insurance requirements and safety standards are correctly complied with.
ECR Nersccem Ube ccnkekinlid

Developed and updated customer database for phone calls, product hunches, events.

Manage cash loss prevention procedures and established security policies and business plan.
oes LC aa NCS ee aCe NATL ea rets NA

Analysed sales figures and forecasted future sales voles.

OM ecb eb pric tin panacea Bar annede) enanalcl im

WW ileyuccmtnemrencl amin abraccal mneRaiiideicieecra lla arad

Produced reports on performance, then measured these against set indicators.

Reviewing current organizational effectiveness and made recommendations for improvements,

Key Accomplishments Operations planning, organization, coordination and monitoring, during projects and working along with the technical
team to ensure on-time, budget-compliant completion whik maintaining high quality standards,

Managing time, establish priorities and delegating effectively.

PAN) aoe yeaa be Lacy Reece rs oom

Lixising with local authorities and regulatory bodies on business related issues.

Expansion, follow up and improverent of relationships.

Excellent communication skills and ability to present across all media.

Ability to fimetion ina fast-paced environment.

Viajes Marsans, S.A. (Travel agency.

Travel consultant
October 2004 to April 2008 City

Acted as key person, after office Director.

Possessed touristic market knowledge as different booking & management systems: Global Armdeus, Sire (Spanish raihvay company
booking system) & tour operator booking websites.

Managed intranet and accounting system,

Accountable for commercial purposes, general administration tasks, and accountancy duties.

Patines ioe ecs kOe) Ry React lec ol ie aba Nc CMS lon ste) cB Lo Comey Bea CR at ce

Key Accomplishnents.

Department manager: Remarkably developed the creation and coordination ofa new department in order to provide European Tour
MeSH ORME Gotesmcoaveepiee iets nts sctie

J aitestteliy

Masters in Digital Marketing and 2.0 Communications - ENyD Business School & Universidad Europea Miguel de Cervantes : October 2013
MBA - EAE (school of business administration) : May 2012

Bachelors of Arts : Tourism Business Management , June 2002 National University of Distance Education 1% State , Spain Tourism Business
Management
