DESKTOP SUPPORT ENGINEER
Profile

Dedicated System Center 2012 Administrator/Desktop Support Engineer with nine plus years in providing effective management and support
process. Administers and implements Global IT change management to forty cities domestically and 10 cities internationally. Effectively prioritizes
goals and performs under short deadlines to increase productivity without sacrificing quality. Proficient in the day-to-day Administration of System
Center Configuration Manager 2012 R2 (SCCM 2012). Provide technical support to staffand custorrers by responding and following-up on
internal and external customer support problens.

Core Qualifications
* Windows 7 Image Deploying via SCCM 2012 R2.
CA ee Meee aa mile ea ilo Glacaen asa
© Application Deploying
© Task Sequence Development.

Professional Experience
Desktop Support Engineer
August 2012 to Current Company Name 1 City , State

Dato em iisicertueme nn chON Ces hush bg On TLC NL Um ct nom STL Nite MOREE eo aul lei ercmlncersi ging
utilization of System Center Configuration Manager 2012 R2 (SCCM 2012).

Critical and Required Software and patch management for Windows 7 and some Windows Server 2008 utilizing SCCM2012 R2.
Operation System Deployment (OSD) and Application creation within SCCM2012 R2.

Work directly with the customers in order to ensure a quality solution is delivered and all issues are identified, escalated and resolved ina
Feat em teat ci

Review and optimize workflow, procedures, processes, and systems (call center, ticketing, reporting, and remote access) and tools.
Adninister and manage Exchange mailboxes and distribution Its.

Assist with the migration and troubleshooting of Microsoft Office 365.

Coordinates and provides evaluations of proper escalation process for Application and network issues.

Advanced knowledge in repair and software requirerents for Dell and Lenovo devices.

Designates software install and configurations for over a thousand computer systems globally.

Troubleshoots hardware and software for desktops for six departments dorrestically, and three internationally.

Performs upgrades to operating systems simultaneous logging, tracking, and resolving matters pertaining to network connectivity, printers,
PreEceinieselspieclceebirlinenteece

Monitors, tracks and communicates the progress of assigned incidents until its closure.

Create and update trouble tickets as required by standard procedures.

Responsible for managing, maintaining and monitoring datacenter, server, network, LAN and WAN.

Responsibilities also include but not limited to providing 2nd and 3rd level support to internal and external users.

This involves network and server's problem identification and resolution by proactive response to alanvs, reactive response to trouble calls
and coordination of repair activities with internal and extemal agencies.

Possess critical thinking and effective troubleshooting skills with ability to quickly and accurately determine the source of'a problem, identify
possible solutions, select the most appropriate solution, and implement the solution in a timely manner.

STiGrrrriLenM Coetve) ome tealil esti)
January 2011 to January 2012 Company Name i State

© Disasserrbled, troubkshot, and repaired the following PC hardware: Motherboards, processor, hard drive, floppy drive, CD drive, power
supply, IDE Cabks, SATA Cabks, fans, NICs, Video cards, sound cards, memory, keyboards, mouse, monitors, speakers.

© Upgraded more than 100 computers with new Operating Systems (Windows 7).

© Configured Computer Images for fiture deploy utilizing Windows Deployment Services (WDS), configured servers with new Operating
Systems (Windows Server 2008) and Hard Drive Devices Configured Erail and Internet connectivity for end users.

CEO eet hiconsivatnl ee Dioula

PAO citicen inna ance)g
January 1997 to January 2009 Company Name 1 State

© Supervised over 130 Navy personnel in the buildup, storage, and movement of Navy ammunitions Inspected, maintained and repaired
aircraft mechanical and electrical armament/ordnance systems Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage
facilities Managed accounting systems, rework ofairbome weapons/systems/equipment, and conventional weapons qualification’certification
programs, afloat and ashore.

Performed requisition of, received, mspected, stored and issued ammumition; made reports for excesses, shortage or damages; conducted
inventories; reconciled and posted discrepancies; prepared and maintained Ammunition Transaction Reports or Transaction Item Reports as
required; inspected compliance with directives and applicable to Notice of Ammunition Reclassification Coordinated and expedited the flow
of work and materials within or between departments of'an establishment according to production schedule.

Duties included reviewing and distributing production, work, and shipment scheduks; conferred with department supervisors to determine
progress of work and compktion dates; and compiled reports on progress of work, inventory levels, costs, and production problens.
