BENG USI SNIS OOTP ANGL oY

Professional Summary

Airport Operations Safety and Training Coordinator A with managerrent experience and exceptional peopk skills. Versed inA accident
investigation and analysis to develop action pansA A and initiatives to address accident trends . Desires a challenging rok as a Safety Training
Aleta am

schivor anes

Entrepreneur General Manager , 12/2011 to 12/2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Conducted analysis to addressA loss of revenue A which Ied to compkte tumaround .

Increased sakes by 17% over a two-year period. Provided onsite training,

Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory.

Successfillly led key projects which resulted in new source of revenue .

Planned and executed new line of business.

Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory . Managed the daily operations of the gas station.

Oversaw saks, inventory and staff monthly.

Conducted and performed inspections ofall gas equipment and facilities.

Maintained and obtained a clean and customer friendly environment for various customers.

Enforced and implemented strict policies and procedures regulating the gas station.

Responsible for hire and mamging more than 30 employees.

Oversaw the price management of fils and merchandise.

Monitored monthly sales, and inventory, prepared monthly cash balance reports for the gas station and convenience store.

Sought, prepared, negotiated and obtained contracts with USAID to deliver food and seeds throughout Haiti.

Created, prepared, and mnintained records and documents related to the operation and administration of the delivery of assigned loads, and
igeslicdhione cereal crmORlbeR ie

Conducted researched, evaluated, and nuke decisions on what mode and route to take for transportation of loads throughout Haiti
Planned, organized, coordinated, prioritized, assigned, and evaluated the work of subordinate's employees.

Coordinated and oversaw the daily operations of the trucks, Prepared and administer the budgets. Answered inquiries and complaints from
our customers related to the delivery of loads.

Safety & Training Coordinator , 06/1995 to 01/2011 Company Name ¥% City , State

Exercised Responsibility for the development of training for more than 15,000 airport employees, loss prevention, scheduled and conducted
Eoltabaeneal ecm

Planned, directed, oversaw, reviewed and evaluated the work of staff providing support to airport training program.

Maintained or directed the maintenance ofaccurate records and files.

Monitored changes in legislation and FAA regulations that may affect training and safety program operations or service delivery; evaluated
their effect upon program activities and recommended appropriate policy and procedure modifications.

Maintained contact with airlines, government agency, and Miami Dade Aviation employees to keep them informed of safety and training
needs and requirements.

Developed and modified training techniques and formmts to evaluate airfield vehicle operators or current program effectiveness and to
determine the need for program modification and/or new training program development.

Tested theoretical and practical knowledge of aviation safety and ramp safety.

Analyzed training programs to assure competency of persons operating vehicle on the airfield.

Misiethueicku aise dhioredle ce Okualianaiveiin

Approved or disapproved issuance of certificate of vehicles operators on the airfield.

Promoted training programs through developing contacts with various organizations and through electronic media announcements.
Developed, Organized, prepared, and revised departrrental safety manuak, prepared periodic report on progress of safety and training
PC UR BOE erticnt

Provided fiscal oversight for Airside Division training cash colkections, equipment purchase orders.

Tracked Employee Performance training requirements to make sure that are following FAA Rules and Regulations.

Developed and made recommendation for the purchase of new and improved equipment.

Monitored existing equipment and their usage.

Responsible for issuing department vehicle, and equipment.

yc urcemel Sieh atmo oa aimee Baal Lat ki eecccR noone Reta etl

Performed inspections of county buildings, airport ramp, taxiways, and runways to determine proper adherence to established safety
standard and to assure that proper safety conditions are maintained.

Reported any unsafe conditions and followed up on corrections of unsafe conditions and minimized losses.

Performed investigations of accidents on the airfield which cause damage to county property or equipment/persons, determined causes of
accidents and nude recommendation for appropriates actions to prevent recurrences.

Approved requests for emergency delivery on the airfield.

Monitored safety condition of the airfield, maintained and ensured the smooth operation of the airport.

Sitter hisl Keon Onell ae ORnp leer emouilsicete a texeanc ieee

Monitored construction and maintenance projects affecting airfield activities.

Ensured compliance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Miami-Dade Aviation rules and regulations to affect the safe and
efficient operation of the Air Operations Area (AOA).
