PLANT OPERATOR
Summary

Certified Plant Operator with 6 years in Cryogenic Air Separation Unit Plant with proven ability to meet production deadlines. Ekeven years
military training and a Dedicated System Operator Versatile plant operator well-versed in monitoring and inspecting plant equipment.

Highlights
Maximizing Productivity and Profits

Resourcefill
Quality Assurance for product

opsirs)y
Leadership/Supervision

Honest
Professionalism

P\Konbe ep earllt
/Deearerly) ¢

Blot aod
Hardworking
Accomplishments

Oe eneO eR YA Aonuma etic mea ysne
Mechanical, Chemical EngincerTraining

Advanced Oxygen/Nitrogen Training

Leadership Training

Safety Training

Recruit Basic Training

Tow Tractor (aircraft)

Tow Tractor ( equipment)

Forklift

CDL (expired)

schivor anes
Plant Operator 06/2009 to 02/2015 Company Name City , State

Monitored process units and quality control testing performance for plant processes and water quality sampling. Operate and maintained filtration
process units and water system contro! equipment. Made sound and logical judgments regarding process changes. Closely inspected equipment for
any mechanical or safety issues. Reviewed the daily computer log and reported any inaccuracies in the process. Responded to and initiated proper
corrections to process alanrs. Routinely drained unwanted fluids. Coordinated ongoing maintenance and housekeeping of the plant. Read
automatic gages at proper intervals to determine flow rate of gas. Recorded daily tank inventory. Daily plant inspections. Started up, shut down
and checked plant processes. Directed routine preventative maintenance such as adjustments, cleaning and painting equipment. Maintained correct
temperature, levels and pressures on process systems and equipment. Recorded all operating data on daily work sheets from laboratory analysis
and flow metering equipment. Communicated effectively with operators and supervisors on a technical level. Executed field service work including
all plant motor, compressor, chiller, piping, valve maintenance and repairs with little to no supervision. Performed quality control tests on lab
equipment and fab analysis. Interpreted results of process control analysis and made adjustments to optimize plant performance. Maintained
current knowledge about the latest operating and nnintenance practices with continuing education courses. Trained new operators and
implemented new division operator training program to improve retention rates and increase production.

Sales Associate 01/2008 to 05/2009 Company Nane City , State

Saks of all plurbing indoor and outdoor materiab.

selling plurbing supplies and material, unloading trucks and stocking shelves.

Auto Mechanic 01/2007 to 03/2008 Company Name City , State

Service cars and trucks, tire repair, brake replacement, oil changes, transmission flush, radiator flush, all auto repair.
Aviation Structure Mechanic 09/1996 to 07/2007 Company Narre City , State

Maintain liquid/gaseous oxygen and nitrogen systems. Remove, inspect and re-install oxygen components. Replenish and service liquid/gascous
oxygen and nitrogen containers, tanks, and holding carts. Daily saféty inspection on aircraft and supporting oxygen and nitrogen systems. Apply
