AVIATION ENGINEER
Profi

Innovative Electrical Engineer specialized in operations managerrent.Teanr oriented Electrical Engineer with over four years experience designing,
developing and testing electronic products.Skilled Ekctrical Engineer with over 2 years experience refining workflow processes and improving
organizational efficiency. Experienced CAD Drafter with solid knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. Proven
ability to manage multiple projects and meet critical deadlines. Dedicated [job title] with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills
demonstrated by [number] years of experience.

Sail

. Ph ed aur Dera a rn
, sere _ - oi Caiscingeenararmrnaiinateesiia)

saan fi +. 5 ,
nen anes ¢ Structural red-line revisions Ekctrical drafting

Accomplishrrents
Testing, Evaluation and Analysis: A

© Tested equipment to ensure compliance.
¢ Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.

I area EPR aco

¢ Managed voice communications R&D department, resulting in three new products on the market and a generation ofan excess of $2M in
rotate

Innovative Design A

* Developed autormted visual inspection system for accepting and rejecting glass flares based on their physical dimensions and geometry,
speeding up product sorting process by 100%.

area

Prepared sheet metal fabrication drawings, modifications and commercial specification drawings in compliance with company's drafting
Riatnet ican

Organizational Design A
Pe vor lco ee nas \wet CR Omer eNe EOE cen once ck year eesiteit
Project Coordination A

© Provided drafting and project set-up support to the communications staff, creating initial to final drawings for two light rail engineering
projects.

Professional Experience
Company Name City Aviation Engineer 01/2015 to Current

Established and helped in the production line of the Auxiliary Power Unit overhaul facility.

Focused on the following APU units: GICP85-180-L-C, GTC85-56-70A-71-72, and T-62T-40-1 mainly used on C-130 Hercules, and
etwas am

Involved in repair scheme design, test cell, operational performance, drawings, manual interpretation, tooling, equipment improvement, and
troubleshooting of engine problems, both in house and in the field.

© Worked on instruction writing, reports, as well as buikding document revisions.

For exampk, quality deficiency reports, purchase orders, quality reports, repair orders, engineering reports, capital expenditures, manual
Pears eee rb elim

Deve mio Com ooimum nsaalnnomne Rubee Rite snece tls inane in auch msec koe re accor ce

Worked on PT6A, T56, and 501 engines minly in accessory testing and test cell operations.

Designed tooling equipment, electrical circuitry, and hydraulic systems using CATIA V5.

pul Egonga uere Bom Ue ncn cbenic arya aubine meni ala ay eckor ee kt en burt Ono Ncccn ikea ncn
and level sensors.

eee Rosie Rng On a eecCose hye uiraial Diuncannee sinc moe a bem Cgee My ontec anal elt
Oaciboxeceninrane

Pe gororiinchonnnneenek a ear ouedbomusr eerie mcmncces mene Ransnece OM koe rg Han

Contact: John Melntosh Vice-president of engineering mobile: (+1 7526269604.
