AVIATION SUPPLY TECHNICIAN
Summary

Tama Supply Chain and Operations manager with invaluable knowledge of managing projects, resources and staffin an effective and efficient
mmnner. J amhighly focused with a comprehensive understanding of operations management, contracting, logistics, procurement, and supply chain.
T have a consistent and proven track record of successfilly employing the best practices that improve efficiency, reduce operating cost while
increasing performance within a budget. I am committed to identifying and implementing continuous improverrents in operations. I am currently
looking for a new challenging position. A position which will make the best use of my existing skills and experience and ako firther my personal
amd professional development.

bShanraniny
¢ Strategic planning 5
A A Contract management
° hesearirlapdt aba Cael atna pte relationships
¢ Negotiations expert Apter a
¢ Procedure developnent , erik aie inl
: nade + Dedicated
Pret © Microsoft Office Suite expert
ae ms and conta © Troubleshooting and problem solving
paabeeetael 7 ieeieaa Contract review and recommendations
© Multi-site operations oto
. eee arian a tee ee eer
¢ Inventory contro! ‘
a Treen et ees ¢ Prepare reports, charts, and briefings
Sls

Full understanding ofall applicable policies, procedures, ruks, and regulations.
Strong knowledge of Supply Chain Managerrent findarrentals

Ayia enon ctceme mncauninicee(aectei am et eecccce emery eet

Uses focused listening to understand others' perspectives

Leams new informations and skills quickly

Strong performance improverrent and equipment reliability focus

Demonstrated ability to apply applicable codes and regulations

Demonstrates initiative and proven ability to effectively manage cost of'a business
Technical Proficiency in this assigned fimction and specialty

Ekeven (11) plus years of Supply Chain and procurement experience

Accomplishrents

CO ieleko tele CU Onna eebi sohee iain oon merc nae conesine Rata Nears oe

© Lowered fieight rates by 20% by negotiating with manufacturers and the transportation departrent.

CB ieinto biden wore a Ay Rain he miele katy eircne

Pe Nes chat ha Aes Lalor Poca Boosie keBCunutC iat ear CPCS ORONO COACH MRE NO Ew atau lpans
Award in May, 2011.

Experience

Aviation Supply Technician

July 2011 to December 2014 Company Name i% City , State

Mobility Transportation Specialist

July 2011 to December 2014 Company Name i% City , State

Reviewed new customer orders and requests and manually entered data into a centralized database.
Conducted qualitative and quantitative analysis of logistics operations using simulation models and other tools.
Negotiated contracts with outside providers to minimize costs to the company and customers.

Oversaw scheduling for the day-to-day activities of 10-15 transportation employees.

Mamully created shipments, assigned carriers and dispatched shipments.

Forwarded client-related quality and service issues to the appropriate manager for resolution.

Communicated all emergencies, delays due to weather and carrier schedule changes to customers and supervisors.
Coordinated rush orders and order changes.

Resolved problems for customers, warehouses and carriers.
