SUPERINTENDENT II

Summary

Solutions-focused, versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting U.S. military operations in roks of
increasing responsibility during a 20-year career in the US NAVY. Effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and technologies to
achieve positive results.

Highlights
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, Project); - -Ability to speak effectively before others in and outside the organization
Accomplishments

Lo ee R@ RCo Mloscoares atnacuanten @ ir rlentunllisgnee tyacmvcutoiteaedtisonaneiite nom Myllrente ten
multiple overseas deployments.

Personally responsibk for over $10 million ofcommand equipment with no deficiencies, losses or damages.
Experience

Superintendent II
NO ow OL Ono mA eEGon sale AON mms!

Initiator in Safety, and ensures team compliance with all Company and OSHA reguhted safety requirements and standards.

© Utilize and ensures compliance with the Project Planning Policy per direction of Assigned Program Manager.

(Orel creoninusme na cm neal elt eloe cae tamotann oer omimelceokarsieb ress nciemnel ves gcelcad
phn.

PNisl\vemca rat a Ovo dues rue eee oR VGN canane Golllomuapecnebrieloug )nnlieniaroctein ics)
Management attention.

Identify and obtains written approval for contract change orders.

Develop and implement project/production schedules and other resource planning documents.

Disseminate work packages and work authorizations, prints and other pertinent project information.

besiege ME Rene ceils oh cet ec Ree coated ese ecce Meu Vcc a MOH UMIel eM eR as NB oles nana emt
fabrication.

AChE Roel aeed rroucccetne Romane icc

Interface with Supply Chain, Estimating, Quality Assurance, and Crafls to ensure work is accomplished in accordance with the Project Plan.
Act as liaison between owners, crafis and other regulatory bodies.

Initiate and build collaborative professional relationships with intemal and extemal customers.

PAT abo Ost cai b Dk @)2Cc)
March 2003 to April 2006 Company Name is City , State

40 hours per Week; Materials Handler; $40,000 per Annuny, hst promoted 12/2006; penmnent employee; not ona temporary promotion;

EAT CO ROO NOS Se Ps ARE cen oncom ere RN ose a CWkeI PRB D concerto MG AYD- CSM Semen NG

contact supervisor.

Managed and trained 55 personnel in all aspects of ordnance operation, receipt, issue, stowage, loading, downloading, transship and

inventory control ofall material handing operation in a safe, efficient and cost effective environment.

Excellent planner and organizer: Directly responsibk for the safe upload and download of 200 trucks, three Battle Groups and two

Amphibious Groups with over 10,000 ton of ordnance per week in support of Operations.

‘The catalyst behind the wall to wall inventory of 43 magazines containing over 500 line items of ammunition material, managing the

documentation and correction ofall discrepancies for the inventory sampling program.

In charge of 10 high risk magazines, received zero discrepancies in the 2005 Explosive Safety Inspection.

© Unparalleled professional knowledge and management skills: Instrumental in the command re-organization and standup of new Ordnance
Handling Departrrent.

© Manage and train 110 personnel in the handling, issumng and transshipment of ammunition material.

Serve as Transport Management Assistant with emphasis on ensuring that all incoming and outgoing material was accounted for.

Also, verified that all proper papers and documentation was processed for shipment or general cargo and code on govemnnnt bills of

landing (GBL), commercial bills of landing (CBL) or manifests.

Unitize, palletize, package, marks and labels in accordance with standard safety, material movement and packing procedures and

requirements have met in preparation for final mspection.

Provided all request support for all branches of military and Department of Defense personnel.

Pal hO intense a nie OKC
April 1999 to May 2004 Company Nanx i% City, State

© 40 hours per Week; Aviation Ordnance man; $40,000 per Annunt hst promoted Not Specified; permanent employee; not ona temporary
promotion; USS DWIGHT D.

¢ EISENHOWER, MICHEAL WATTS , UNKNOWN ; may contact supervisor.

Directly supervised over 8 personnel in the breakout, strike up, and stowage of conventional forward firing and precision guided weapons
resulting in 100 percent mission success.
