AVIATION CAMP ASSISTANT

Profile

Highly motivated and results-oriented individual seeking an intemship as an Aerospace Engineer at Northrop Grumman. Special interests include
Unmunned Aerial Vehicles, Aeronautical Development and Design, Structural Analysis, and in related areas inside a competitive enviroment
where I will use my experience to best serve the needs of the company.

Skills

MATLAB, AVL, C Programming, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint

Professional Experience

Company Name October 2013 to Current

© Colkborating with others to meet mission requirements and accomplish objectives provided by the Northrop Grumman acrospace
company.

© Part ofthe Unmanned Acrial Vehicle Simulations Team constructing models of the UAVs in order to obtain important aerodynamic

properties to perform flight test simulations.

Worked directly with the UAVs to take accurate measurements in order to model it.

Designed accurate aerodynamic models of the UAVs using the program AVL, a program for the acrodynamic and flight-dynamic analysis of

rigid aircraft of arbitrary configuration.

Modeled all lifting surfaces, control surfaces, and fiselage.

Created data and mum files of mass properties corresponding with each UAV.

Executed the nm files for each UAV in order to obtain a full lnearization of the aerodynamic model about any flight state with specified mass

psec ues

© Extracted stability-axis derivatives that will be imported into the flight simulation program, FlightGear, to model the simulated plane to have
the same flight characteristics and behaviors as the UAVS.

Company Name October 2013 to Current

Collaborating with a team to design and construct an aircraft that will be competing at the SAE Acro Design West.

Sanded the balsa wood wings smooth for the preparation of carbon fiber wrapping.

Prepared the epoxy resin mixture for application.

Wrapped the leading edge, wing spars, fuselage molds, and fuselage walls with carbon fiber.

Sawed and drill cuted fiselage components.

Aeronautics F-22 Project Winter 2014 Performed as Team Leader for a team of four for the experimentation and analysis of flight
dynamics and parancters of Lockheed Martin's F-22 Raptor Implemented low-speed wind and water tunnel testing using test models to
CME Neches GB Mme Vet eDe Roose ieaskersce arch em

Analyzed the flow vortices over the wing at varying velocities at increasing angles of attacks.

Cakulted and observed the relationship and importance of the effect of Reynold's numbers on aerodynamic coefficients.

Compiled a technical report detailing the results of the calculations and observations, and compared the accuracy of windAvater tunnel
testing to theoretical F-22 characteristics.

Company Name May 2013 to Current Aviation Camp Assistant
lena El CG

« Assist children in building and flying model aircraft, lunch rockets, compkte flight simulation missions, and conduct flight-related science
Oar ecm

Assist in teaching course lessons based on aviation, air, and space topics Organize and prepare kesson materials and work directly with

instructors during hands-on projects and activities.

Supervise elementary schoo-aged campers during sign-in, sign-out, and break times.

Nihscsicetb ot Ginacm er aluetmcl scam eedih vce

Work witha team comprised of diverse instructors, assistants, and volunteers to provide children an educational and unforgettable

Orvcraraes

Company Name August 2012 to January 2013 Guest Experiences Specialist
lena El CG

© Offer superior service to potential and actual guests to the museum according to established procedures.

Csi Peshoh lien a gcenetehecnueolm@ lem orice ie CBN Ucl mlm ena cola CHOR a ECR LRe louie!
NEBr hie

© Be knowledgeable about The Tech Museunts mission, programs and exhibits and stay current with the fimctioning of the entire institution.

© Greet school groups by meeting teachers at buses outside the Group entrance, giving chaperone and student instructions to large groups
Work collaboratively with other Guest Experiences staff, other museum staffand volunteers to provide an efficient and seamless experience

ele ulece

Education and Training

Salo reI ee ee od emO eS ALMAN Essel y emer deaeweac ecm Diu caueG)/ eat Wa OS cis ROA mae OLS cc)
Level: Junior Aerospace Engineering GPA: 3.1 Dean's List - 2 quarters * Class Level: Junior Aerospace Structural Mechanics I, Aerospace
Feedback Control Systerrs, Fluid Dynamics, Gas Dynamics, Low-Speed Aerodynamics, Orbital Mechanics, Vector Dynamics, Thermodynamics.
