MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Summary

5 years and 9 months experience as Mechanical Engineer in the operation and maintenance of boikrs, swimming pools, deep well pumping stations
and incinerators. 10 years experience as Mechanical Engineer/ Section Head in the operation and maintenance of water treatment plants, sewage
treatment plants, sewage lifting stations, deep well pumping stations, swimming pook, raw water pumping and distribution stations. 7 years
experience as lead man in the operation and maintenance of Gas Turbine Power Plant. 2 years experience as sewage treatment plant operator. 1.5
entomo rant a sooner accu ec c OMe COMER Ona er chemin cme tk edies te Bice. wercbecieeconilg
ekctricianviper in merchant ship. 1 year experience as textile weaving supervisor.

Highlights
CMe driremiremeysiiacyrraetsy
Cle mene eceTLal|
Operation and maintenance of sewage treatment plants and sewage
siitegaeh Loe
Operation and maintenance of Reverse Osmosis plant, with PLC © Operation and maintenance of diesel engine driven generator
controls sets power plant.
Operation and maintenance of Swimming Pook.
Operation and maintenance of boilers, incinerator, and Gas Turbine
eam e) stn a
Operation and maintenance of Deep well pumping station.

Accomplishments

© Our ship was in trouble when the right terminal shaft of the woodward govemor that connects the governor to the injection pumps was
broken while we were Somewhat near the Aleutian island in Alaska. The emergency speed of the ship was activated but that is too slow. I
suggested to modified the linkage connection by using the left side terminal shaft of the govemor. Then we were abke to reach safely the port
of Ketchikan, Alaska.

When the power turbine blades of one of our Gas Turbine Engine were all broken, our chief Engineer asked me ifwe can rephce it? This
procedure were never done before me. I studied the video and bought a hydraulic jack and fabricate special tools so that we can separate
the compressor from the combustion chamber. We recorded the hydraulic pressure when we had loosen the nut of the long stud bolt that
hold the compressor and the combustion chamber, we used the same pressure when we put it back.

There was a power outage, affer the resumption of the power supply we lost the program of the PLC that controls our reverse osmosis
plant.Since we don't have the program, we temporary

(Conca ibeceenive lem inline cla tiurabexueliclaceneeie|
timers and rewire it so that all sensors will fimction to protect the
equipment and resume our much needed operation.

schivor anes
Mechanical engineer 05/2006 to 03/2012 Company Name City , State

Supervise in the Operation and Maintenance of 8 units of boilers, 7 swimming pools, 12 deep wells and 2 incinerators.

Changed the two sand fitters and installed new chlorine dosing system on the New infantry swimming pool ( size of poo! 82 feet by 82 feet) .
Installed new deep well pumps and conducted the testing and commissioning.

Monitor the work of the waste water treatment plant contractor in the installation of pumps and machines and alo in the testing and

oer er cy eine

Supervise in the installation of swimming poo! pumps, heaters, surface skimmers and in changing the inkt diffisers.

© Supervise in the installation of boilers and water softener for a small laundry in one of our satellite camp.

Mechanical Engineer / Section Head 11/1995 to 01/2006 Company Narre City , State

© Over all in-charge in the operation and maintenance of 6 water treatment plants, 2 waste water treatrrent plants, 8 sewage lifting stations, 15
deep well pumping stations and 2 swimming pools.

© Supervise in the excavation and installation of sewer line from the workers accommodation up to the waste water treatment plant with two
siitegaeh Loe

¢ Monitor and supervise in the excavation and installation of uPVC pipes for potable water and irrigation water in the officers housing Vilhs.
Replacing the old corroded and weak pipes.

* Review all the proposals of the different contractor for the new 2 water treatment plants and submit recommendations to the officer in-

charge.
