AVIATION MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN
Profile

Forward-thinking Aviation Maintenance Technician with hands-on experience performing quality troubkeshooting ofall aviation mechanical and
eketrical subsystems.

Professional Experience
Aviation Maintenance Technician
May 2010 to July 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ 21st May 2010 Accepted and deployed to Aviation Maintenance School.

© Conpkted 20 weeks of filll time aviation maintenance school in which I was taught how to inspect, service, maintain, troubleshoot and
repair aircraft engines, auxiliary power units, propelkrs, rotor systems, power train systems, and associated airffame and systems-specific
electrical components. We serviced, maintained and repaired aircraft fissclages; wings; rotor blades; fixed and movabke flight control
surfaces; and ako bked aircraft air, hydraulic and fil systems. I was also trained to filled aircrew positions such as flight engnecr, flight
Piped Lali eam OTe lnc MMC Lene MCC SOE AO LeRO nares e Mek) Lic cany Leste

United States Ceremonial Honor Guardsman
Novenber 2007 to May 2010 Company Name 74 City , State

¢ 7th January 2008 Hand selected by Drill Instructors to serve two years in the Coast Guard Honor Guard stationed in Washington D.C.
where I represented the Coast Guard in high profile events around the work.

Setup Departirent Mechanic
January 2005 to Noverrber 2007 Company Name 14 City , State

© Worked for for the largest motorcycle dealer/maintenance company in Reno Nevada.

© July2005 I was in charge of three personnel to build and deliver new vehicles and repair and deliver used vehicles under strict time
eerste

¢ Job consisted of troubleshooting, ordering, and installing parts required for repair with maximum potential profit on used vehicks.

Cee Sronnneeol ane a rane m ecm Cail cae Rea ona ORenc etree

¢ Allcustomers receiving our products would receive a safety briefing and product demonstration before transferring possession.

Accomplishments
Michaels Reno Powersports rN

© 1st May 2006 promoted to quality control of Michaels Reno Powersports all products built before delivery to the customer.
© There were 0 safety violations since I was put in charge of quality control with 0 customer complaints unresolved for each individual product
produced.

Coast Guard Honor Guard A

¢ Ist June 2008 promoted to head Body Bearer responsible for conducting and organizing a team of 6 that performed more than 61 fimeral
Ros ce S om a Qe e ONO corhceivaUiuOeNrcerle Gane coumarin minom esteem
¢ 8th August 2008 Promoted to the head of the Silent Drill Team responsible for organizing 25 people to performat events around the nation.

Coast Guard Aviation A

© Supported over 2,500 flights on the ground.

lie ciecBarolnecy arlene moe alicia uch eem

Accrued and logged 232.8 hours of aircrew flight time on the MH-60 Jayhawk.

A eerS Me ecoNmnen coe clea creck ang cis on OmccuoineR Cures omc Obie ei mannalcg

drug enforcement, location determination and surveillance Intel with and for the CIA.

Po) es MCRieeORIneice cescercKetis «eke al Menno RSA (cm

¢ Logged 237 Maintenance procedures and assisted in over 300 more including troubleshooting and identifying discrepancies and failures,
corrosion inspections, preventative maintenance, servicing, weights, rotor balancing, vibration dampening, and remove/instalks.

Education and Training
Bachelor of Science : Mechanical Engineering , 2018 University of Nevada Reno 1% City , State, USA

Attended University of Nevada Reno for Mechanical Engineering with minor in UAV Technology. Currently in the second year of the degree.
Compkted Engineering I & II, Core Humanities requirements, Micro economics, and pre-calculus.

Aviation Maintenance Aviation Maintenance School 1% City , State

Completed 20 weeks of full time aviation maintenance school
