UPB OT IAE ISB AO ND oe
Summary

Dedicated leader with comprehension manufacturing, materia, and inventory experience. Demonstrated the ability to train, manage, and motivate
team members to achieve organizational goals and objectives.

Highlights

© Strategic Planning © Reguhtory Compliance

* Lean Manufacturing Practices © Training and Development

© Site Safety 7 © Procurement and Inventory Control

CO vorhomieucnearraneay CE ceaeatnur ee Gene nteet oy
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Plant Fulfillment Leader 11/2015 to Current

Provide manuficturing leadership in the developing, planning, and implementing of A the master scheduk.

Petri bli slors co cline O Rabat Mande am iElCMTT enna es A

Transhte, prepare, and assign meaningful and finctional productivity plans to meet established master schedules for customers.
Assist in the cakulation of detailed schedules for equipment, material, and manpower with respect to schedule needs versus resource
fester elites

Work to control inventory level, cycle time, machine loads, and other aspects as required to meet schedules.

Coordinate production control specialists.

Interface between customers and shops for prioritization of shop load to meet customer demands.

Interface with suppliers/vendors to assure realistic and timely delivery of hardware to meet schedule requirements.

Develop, plan, and manage programs to meet GE purchasing commitments to Sourcing.

Manage purchase orders between shop and vendors.

(Keo cimcelpeCMvOMnCaicM Gr EHM Oe ML seen Lem eRO oe mceniinitt etl ce

Effectively communicate to external sources, including shops and revenue sharing partners.

Determine measurement systems to be used, inventory levels, schedules, and appropriate system changes.

Assist in determining manpower needs to meet facility measurement and budget goals.

Company Name City , State Production Specialist: Large Combustors & Rotating Parts 12/2011 to 10/2015

* Controlled raw mnterial, ensured the minimization of excess/obsokete inventory, oversaw Iean manufacturing processes ofa subsection in

Oca Ob eaeccem I MCIeMmsceine Roam steam arian atce eRebci elena ice

Tracked, expedited, and managed the logistics of numerous jet engine component parts throughout the manufacturing lines and entire supply

Ora R eda iene tine

© Coordinated daily with suppliers, vendors, union operators, and internal business leaders to support, forecast, prioritize, and improve
production flow in accordance with customer demand.

* Drove material input to ensure on time delivery and output scheduks to maximize productivity.

Company Name City , State Payer Relations Coordinator 10/2008 to 11/2011

* Served as the BWPO central contact for the quarterly submission of Intemational Accounts for review to the BWH International Office.

¢ Answered inquiries from the international office, distributed comespondence and payments to appropriate BWPO departrrents.

© Managed functions related to the intemational collection agency utilized by the BWPO; responds to inquiries from the agency, verified
payments received on accounts, coordinated paying of collection fee invoices, managed distribution of status reports to BWPO
Cloner en lcm

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : Business Management 2008 Curry College , City , State Business Management

Skills

APS, CAS/IMPACT, CSF, Aviation Supply Chain, Lean Manufacturing, Terre Wow Stoo MO)i oom uentce ber ARNO M NT a
ao
