OS BDP TWO ND (OOM
Professional Profile

Taknted administrative professional with background in accounting and finance. Extensive knowledge of ARVAP, Microsoft Excel and Quick
Books-software skills. Fearless Child Family Advocate comfortabk taking a stand against threats to a child's safety or well-being. Works directly
with government official, children and families to find the best care possibk for every child.

Qualifications
: pari Istener Pe Sxes ananassae cl es<icy
Pe Seunivm insta cersn ce : Resa
Ce Bontaeranatl ae
aaa chiesrates

Served many program participants who went on to cam high school diplormms or GEDs.
Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocok.
Led support groups to help parents regain and improve their parent-child bond.

schivor anes
Chik Family Advocate
PAUP RR ORG HaHa Gur SNe N CISL OS MECI HIG.

Collaborated with community members to educate the public regarding issues such as drug abuse prevention and traffic safety.

Collborated with community leaders, organizations and public agencies to promote the organizations community service programs.
Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.

Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles.

Scho remem Neen ketiaue Om icka tl tcaey

Supervised chikiren on field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos.

Directed all protective phcement, case management, parent education and family reunification activities.

Advised patients on community resources, made referrals and devised realistic treatment plans.Communicated with public social and welfare
agencies to obtain and provide information.

Customer Services Team Lead
October 2010 to March 2013 Company Name i City , State

Surpassed revenue goals in four consecutive quarters.

Created training manuals targeted at resolving even the most difficult customer issues.

Developed, impkmented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.

Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.

Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improverrent initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer
Rance

Customer Service/Banking
PO et rom ANUP A OR Hie PAL Oe ta Een LOSES CIC

© Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

© Developed process improverrents to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of inter-department call center operations.
* Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.

¢ Examined checks for identification and endorsement.

© Processed treasury, tax and Joan payments.

Adiministrative Assistant
August 2007 to Noverrber 2007 Company Name i City , State

© Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
© Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.

* Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel fictions and calculations to develop reports and lists.

© Received and distributed faxes and mail ina timely manner.

(On C@eneriuroed we secennline Gnloaiod
August 2005 to Noverber 2007 Company Name i City , State

© Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.
* Eliminated outdated records by sending the records to be scanned.
¢ Identified and resolved system and account issues.
