EXPRESS SCRIPTS
Summary
Responsible and mature Retail Sales Consultant who thrives in fast-paced environments. Enjoys working as part ofa team to achieve sales goals.
Accomplishients

PRB ONT eB ESt roan ceUveR LORCA Ecco mu Een cert ee

¢ Named "Employee of the Month".

¢ Received numerous 4€oexceeds expectationsa€ ratings on performance reviews.
© Met monthly saks goals for numerous months.

© Supervised team of three staff members.

scion anes
Express Scripts
September 2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of custonr satisfaction.
¢ Fiekled an average of [number] customer service calls per day.
© Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Prime Commumication (AT&T Authorized Retailer)
January 2015 to September 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

© Created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sakes, which resulted in a 20% increase in monthly sales.
¢ Initiated daily store counts, orders and acquired proper products
© Maintained knowledge of current promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.

Radio Shack
Noverber 2013 to January 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Operated a cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.

(Oe hick Barcel bua ncr ie uence RMT aCe

Described merchandise and exphin operation of merchandise to customers.

Replenished floor stock and processed shipments to ensure product availability for customers.

Facilitated monthly and quarterly physical imventory counts.

risa R seemeelcomanient ke eticg seca tad

Ore einke ced unc ua heiiecuanntiee meson ReLeckerks BoUS OREN Rec Ue ESC on teat Ce
Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.

WAVE EecB ron nemcylecc enka SCn ram nara ens

Education
High Schoo! Diplomm : Business/ Computers Camden County High School i City , State
Skils

yXeleriniciittie

ene

Excellent communication
interpersonal skills

Pennies anccmraraianesicd
Rol Sinertcstcea

wt
