RN/ ASST. HEAD NURSE PRACTICE LEADER

Nails

care planning, Case Managenrnt, Home Health, Hospice, Infection control, injections, Nurse Manager, Oncolgy, scheduling, staffdevelopnent,
Biclnmreyuom osm ee a

Experience

09/2010 to 12/2011

Company Name

ee

Hired as ADON (Assistant Director of Nursing) for an 85 to 90 bed long termcare of Mentally and Physically disabled chikiren from 2
years to upper 20's with a few oer individuals.

WAR basee ncn ince eC once ren mca uae RicNSo MUL le ne Omi Coi «ay Dele uSiee elven es Cor cmirenicnuited
the 3 nursing units of day to day care and documentation of the residents, taking call as needed and twice a month being MOD for the entire
buikiing ,I conducted in-services for the nursing staffand answered all pages during the day with questions or to oversee any critical changes
Cees Gicn rama Ral Keds eons omar wren awsue!anacilnled Ss omecRunclignnsinencprocsoes
Secured a Home Health position at ResCare located in Oak Park Illinois in 2015.

I made honr visits overseeing clients overall health.

Did basic assessments and listened for any new comphints or change of status.

Would call clients doctor ifneeded or to inform him ofa change in status.

Gave injections/ infisions as needed and participated in one clinical trial where all aspects of visit were timed and documented as per
protocal.

I amstill registered with this agency but they have very few clients in need ofan RN visit.

Most of their clients only need part time CAN visits.

Secured an RN position in July 2016 at Best Home Health where I did home visits part time.

The jobs that were available for part time were minimal so took myself off their roster.

In the fall of 2016 worked for Maxim Home Health asking for part time for Infusion cases.

Again I was promised infusion cases but what were available Were ones 40 miks away and they didn't cover milage.

I still am on their roster but rarely called.

Currently looking for Part Time RN on line or going into a facility not more than 30 minute drive to do tutoring or online triage or willing to
keam Case Management or PT Oncology/Hospice Additional professional activities Was OCN certified in past Was Med / Surg certified in
past and plan to recertify in fiture.

Was team nurse of North Shore Youth Baseball League for 4 years References Dr.

Emil Totonchi MD.

Advocate Illinois Masonic Med.

Center** Dr.

Michael Friedman MD.

Advocate Illinois Masonic Med.

Center** Beverly Bohus RN, Nurse Manager Advocate Illinois Masonic Med.

Center** Lorel Hedges Nurse Practioner.

Advocate Illinois Masonic Med.

Center now works in Tennessee Un Kelkar Director of Rehab Manor Care of Northbrook Jean Gavina Director of MDS, Manor Care
of Northbrook Elma Ramos RN , Evening Nursing Supervisor, Manor Care of Northbrook Contact information available upon request.

06/2009 to 07/2010
Company Name

Cr ad

Started out as a Supervisor but was promoted to DCD (Director of Care Delivery) managing a 40 bed Locked Dementia Unit and later a
60 bed Long Term Care Unit and recently back to the Dementia Unit along with the Long Term Care Unit.

Duties included: Leading the nursing unit, setting priorities, staff development ,upholding Corporate Standards, communicating through
existing information systems, and mterial management, Clinical Management: Infection control, QA, understanding Professional issues,
valuing every employee, supporting and keading company policies, attending interdisciplinary meetings twice daily, weekly and monthly
meetings such as Medicare meetings, investigation ofall falls and skin injuries, and new admissions care planning.

AY Coast aa ay (oct em

Assists with hiring and disciplinary actions.

Resigned July 2010 Want to take some vacation time, and to find a Long Term Care Management position somewhat closer to my hone.

01/1977 to 01/2009
RN/ Asst. Head Nurse Practice Leader Company Name i City , State

especie) Bee its ata dO ee PL aha ceed ne necerieomcas cen ium em es\uie)ls

Monitor staffof RN's, NCT’s, and Unit Clerks for daily assignments on going kaming needs, and occasionally fill staff RN voids.
Reported to Nurse Manager on daily basis for any additional tasks and to keep her current to Units activities and problems.

Helped Nurse Manager in interview process and in both disciplinary activity and in employee terminations .Sought out and scheduled in-
services for staffand made sure all stafFattended required hospital mandatories yearly and when required.

01/1977 to 01/2009
Company Name i City , State
