BENEFIT ADVOCATE SUPERVISOR,
Summry
Represent a reputable company as an Underwriter, proving my value by building and supporting a healthy and profitable book of business.
Highlights
¢ Licensed Property, Casualty, Life and Disabilty Insurance Agent in Washington.
Blood Res Tk Gee on mca om Oc Lek nhc ina beled
Development of Training Materials, Workflows, Procedures, SharePoint Sites, Wiki Pages,
Quality Assurance Programs, Form Letters and Newsktter Articks.
Probkm Solving, De-Escalations, Employee Development, Quality Assurance
Work Force Management, Time Keeping, Vacation Scheduling, Attendance and
Schedule Adherence Coaching, Hiring, Employee Onboarding and Termination.
Customer Care, Front-Line Underwriting, Needs Analysis, Cross Selling,
Up Selling, Endorsing Policies, Billing Analysis, Collaboration, Project Management.
Proficient with MS Windows, MS Office, Applied Epic, Vertafore Sagitta / BenefitPoint, CC Puke,
Verint Impact 360, Verba, Kronos, MyTime, DocuSign, Tako, Cisco Enterprise/Finesse/AdminyReport Server, SalesForce Service
Cloud and more.
Running reports, analyzing and organizing data in Excel using pivot tables.
Eero retacnn Rca eeCO CR usin atone amined verano Obaurore TN cumOnney
Dairyland, Forempst, Kemper, RLI, Mapfie,
MetLife, Mutual of Enumchw, PersonalUmbrella.com, Progressive, Safeco, Travekrs, Premera Blue Cross, Regence Blue Shield, United
Healthcare, Aetna, Cigna, Kaiser Permanente, Group Health, Symetra, Unum, Delta Dental, Willamette Dental and VSP.

Experience
Sanat wae Reha arse y
May 2014 to Current Company Nanw 1% City , State

© Provide guidance and direction to a team of Licensed Life and Disability Benefit Advocates Present and promote Benefit Advocate services
to both internal and external prospects.

Assist Consultants and Client HR with advanced needs, sensitive and escalated issues.

Provide guidance and assistance on insurance questions, client relations, carrier issues, guidelines, technical support and more.

Coordimate daily operations, manage schedule and attendance adherence.

Coach and train advocates on systerns, benefits, carrier guidelines and soft skills.

Conduct regular quality assurance, one-on-one's, performance reviews and team meetings.

WOO aoe em Maes iuen amet lazeri ei emo eck cen lnecy

Perform the work of Benefit Advocate during peak periods and take call escalations.

Impkerent new systems and improve processes to create efficiencies,

Oram aay cc necaicey
November 2011 to May 2014 Company Name 74 City , State

Coach and provide guidance to 14 Licensed Property & Casualty Customer Service Agents Coordinate daily operations, manage schedule
and attendance adherence.

Support training and reinforce process recommendations aimed at developing a high performance team with an emphasis on account
management and sales support.

¢ Conduct regular one-on-ore's, performance reviews and team meetings.

Monitor department service kevels to ensure that quality customer service is maintained.

Provide guidance and assistance on Insurance questions, customer relations, carrier issues, underwriter guidelines, technical support and
pe eiem

Act as Hiring Manager, secking talent, organizing interviews and making hiring decisions.

Side by Side and remote monitoring for quality, performance and adherence purposes.

Perform the work of customer service agent during peak periods and take call escalations.

IO rclom nsec a@lcecelelaueyncdsl§ pelea pian em

Customer Service Lead
September 2005 to October 2011 Company Name 74 City , State

CEP COS ee PoasiecMCOne lei ceena iiemicnumetnenran nie eOrc wad
Cos ecratict oe

© Monitor department productivity, take escalated calls, answer questions.

Cr TreB os ieny sensei ool Reon Cate

¢ Take 40+ calls per day, assisting insured's and.

© agents with policy billing and servicing needs.

CR Enon concep rcat(ccs

Education
Pt ole ecue Re checeesu eR OHA AU ARCOM Ue NACo ce POM Pa NCOiPN anes om ionetias iene een e|
