SENIOR CLIENT ADVOCATE II
Accomplishments

© Eamed the Workgroup for Electronic Data Interchange (WEDI) Award of Merit 2 years in a row for educating the health care industry on
Oceneemestrsrttata i rency

© Affiliations,

¢ Health Level Seven (Standards Developing Organization) knowledge of V2 messages, Fast Healthcare Interoperable Resources (FHIR)
and the Meaningful Use electronic health record standard Consolidate Clinical Document Architecture.

Summary
Motivated Business Analyst with the technical expertise and business acumen necessary to translate business requirements and objectives into
scalabk, highly resilient and successfill system solutions.

Skills

Data analysis Business artifacts documentation

Strategic planning Business development

Team player Workflow analysis

eivcbeaatnebecp Sirle@riinathenend

MS Project SQL and databases

Risk mitigation and management Data mapping

Service-oriented architecture Release planning

Collaboration tools Test case scenarios

Requirements gathering Gap analysis

schivor anes

WU VAR

Senior Client Advocate II Company Name 14 City , State
SuppCRAIG Gabron

* CRAIG Gabron orted BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina's TRICARE (Military Health Insurance) line of business fimetioning in an
analyst rok.

This position required an ability to work ina matrix enviroment across cross-functional teams and the ability to produce results in a highly
CUB Oiaheeen icon aia

© Duties and responsibilities included: Documented business processes and analyzed procedures to see that they would meet changng
tsi pecob nce tiy

Assessed the impact of current business processes on users and stakehoKlers.

Conducted interviews with key business users to collect information on business processes and user requirements.

Identified process inefficiencies through gap analysis.

Increased annual revenue by 5% by recommending improverrents in efficiency for routine pricing updates.

Performed TRICARE bench marking analysis and identified savings opportunities and potential product enhancements.

Researched and resolved issues regarding extracting data froma clinical EHR for HEDIS measure cakuhtion for two HEDIS measures,
Colorectal Cancer Screening (COL) and Controlling Blood Pressure (CBP).

aren citicumnecg nites anmaiMe eulckitieuturentntee machine Roane caren Se slaw nero e Rica ye.
Management tool.

Managed testing cycles, including test plan creation, development of SQL scripts and co-ordination of user acceptance testing.

PPV ACR 0
Senior Client Advocate II Company Name 14 City , State

© Managed the relationship between the Health Net, BlueCross Operations and BlueCross Information Systems Application areas with ten
Gliven@ ee icm

Optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key business leaders.

Trained four new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.

Created periodic reports comparing budgeted costs to actual costs.

Suggested budgetary changes to increase company profits.

Me ecRu eas MO cat caaeok Om eM Eneymeniniiiiioi ene

Worked with management at the project evel to ensure expense plans are achieved.

Rea Ome ble
Manager Information Systems City , State

© Managed the relationship with Cable and Wireless Communications in London, England on the installation ofa telecom billing system,
keading a team of 12 analysts and programmers in the analysis, design and coding of the international telecommunications commercial billing
Sethe

¢ Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through regular on-site visits, virtual meetings and customer advisory board sessions.

© Translated business goak, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.

* Collborated with the sales, marketing and support tears to launch products on time and within budget.
