COMMUNITY ADVOCATE
Summary

Dedicated and focused Community AdvocateA who excels at prioritizing, completing muttipke tasks simultancously and following through to
achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.

lecrinettets

OU etre b ae.

rane
o ae alk sac CACC Sey nate
CMM brrebrra cite Arar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ara
MRM OCCU VOU VCC VCC Y MAO Ge Sg. Ce
CeeDertinnecnicete © Strong organizational skillsA
Ce Srcarea re ire WW COs udcca croc
CRM (ose rtive torts «ce. Ww. ww * Flexibk schedule

schivor anes

(OO nnN Peele NOL MAl eR OR @Tsvcid
Company Name i City , State

Made it my goal to promote the independence of disabled individuals.

© Managed daily office operations and maintenance of community and conswrer relations. A Offered exceptional customer service to
differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the
entire educational and joyfill experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultancously ina fast-paced retail environment.
Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the leadership team ina timely manner. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to
motivate team members. Held each teammemberA accountable for achieving brand and performance goals. Built and maintained effective
relationships with peers and upper management.

Lead Human Resource Recruiter May 2012 to Jan 2015
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

PMO terrier choco bn arin on sce tron Retry.

¢ Helped customers sekect products that A best fit their personal needs. A Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire
office. Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Built customer confidence by actively listening
to their concems and giving appropriate feedback. Offéred direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each
team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goak. Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper
Pretec ana

Hck

Exhibit Creator Aug 2008 to Oct 2009
Company Name i City , State

Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire buikding. A

* Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members
to give exceptional service throughout the entire educational and joyfill experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultancously
ina fast-paced retail enviroment. Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the keadership team in a timely manner. Offered direction and
gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each teammenber A

Education and Training

Dietetics CALPOLY Pomnna 1% City , State , USA Minor in Psychology

Associate of Science , Social and Behavioral Sciences 2012 Citrus College i City , State , USA Minor in Psychology
High Schoo! Diplomm , General 2008 Charter Oak High School i City , State, USA

als

Filing, Professional and friendly, Careful and active listener, Multi-tasking
