PATIENT ADVOCATE

Summary

Same moment beeh ati gi lomo RUM Rice Cotncreresiinstcdincialo emir calcoieme TbOicml det Bi
providing compassionate, efficient patient care with a background in clinical settings. Experience in leading a team, new hire training, billing, chims,
PNB een eCiraleitarane

schivor anes

AU CR eretacans

Patient Advocate Company Name 14 City , State

© Served as litison between the patient and hospital to coordinate patient care.
Provided patient and staff support to better facilitate communication.
Referred clients to social service agencies such as home health and hospice.
Worked on call for any emergent patient needs.

Provided off-site visits at local hospitals to offer emotional support.
Established patient and provider boundaries to ensure appropriate behavior.

05/2015 to 12/2015
Chins, Eligbility and Benefits Specialist III Company Name 1% City , State

Identified and resolved discrepancies with patient elighility/msurance coverage.

Assisted in maintaining and developing procedure manuals.

Trained new hires in elighbility and benefit and chims processes.

Aided in development of strategies for revenue cycle initiatives.

Managed, updated, and executed chims processing, as well as assisted team members in adjudicating chirs.
Developed streamlined methods of standard operating procedures.

Worked with patients to obtain summary plan descriptions and ensure proper and timely claim adjudication.

05/2013 to 05/2015
Certified Data Entry Pharmacy Technician Company Name i City , State

* Work from Home Carefilly reviewed patient medical histories and diagnoses.

¢ Properly interpreted prescriptions, input written date, patient information, physician and ids, medication name and strength, correct and
appropriate directions, quantities and dosage, additional patient allergies and diagnoses.

* Entered prescriptions into the EPost system efficiently and without errors.

¢ Researched CPT and ICD-9 coding discrepancies for compliance and reimburserrent accuracy.

© Maintained knowledge of proper procedures, medical updates, changes in State and Federal laws.

09/2009 to 05/2013
Lead Certified Pharmacy Technician Company Name i City , State

* Interviewed and trained new technicians, greeted patients, obtained personal information and medical history, interpreted and typed
prescriptions accurately, dispensed drugs, released to patients.

© Retained knowledge of drug names and their generics, as well as knowing proper doses, sig codes, quantities and drug chsses.

* Responsible for using computer system to type prescriptions, abide by HIPAA and other State and Federal regulations, interacting with
patients, doctors and insurance companies, carried out many tasks necessary within the pharmacy.

© Created work and rotation scheduks, filed 709 and other fonrs, handled medturn, supply orders, ete.

Education and Training

Master of Public Administration : Health Care Management Grand Canyon University i City , State Health Care Management

vb

Bachelor of Science : Family and Human Development Arizona State University 1% City , State Family and Human Development

als

allergies, Attention to detail, CPT, clients, emotional support, forms, home health, hospice, ICD-9, ids, surance, leadership, law, Medical
terminology, coordinate patient care, processes, coding, Quality assurance, Safety, Self-motivated, team player, type, written
