DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND SEXUAL ASSAULT ADVOCATE

Professional Summary

Certified Massachusetts Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Advocate driven to help survivors overcome numerous intersecting social, mental
and emotional obstackes. Experience developing and facilitating groups for many age groups and populations, and excellent outreach background.
Skill Highlights

© Individual Counseling =» Youth Advocacy

PERG conom aceite ety Pi eurgi een .y

ORS accecsnralld © Outreach

© ProgamDevelopment ¢ Case management
Professional Experience
Company Name July 2014 to Current Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Advocate
lena El CG

© One on one counseling addressing emotional needs, coping skills, goals and planning for survivors of dommstic violence and sexual assault,
often maintaining a caseload ofup to 15 clients at one tire.

© Cross trained as court advocate, helping people to access restraining orders at the Haverhill District Courthouse.

© Created and facilitated the first successfull wornen's support group for survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault at the YWCA
Haverhill, with a regular attendance of 10-20 women.

© Successfilly built and rebuilt relationships with outside agencies in the greater Haverhill community, which in tum helped to secure donations
and help for our clients and programs.

© Conducted training and presentations in the commumity regarding healthy relationships, domestic violence, sexual assault, technology safety,
codependency, coping skills, self care and other relevant social issues to all age groups, including at Haverhill Public Schools and other
Beate com

* Developed an empowennent group for girls age 10-14 affer school that takes place twice a week, which has become one of the most
popular after school options at the middle school. The programis currently expanding into other middie schools.A

Company Name January 2014 to May 2014 Student Intem
lena El CG

© Assisted attomey Samdperil during a major homicide trial including input on trial strategy.
PG rretkd cancer aupeinctsceiiesrmrtiv since a

© Organized case files and discovery mnterials to prepare for trial.

© Attended criminal and family court proceedings, depositions, and other meetings related to current cases.
© Performed research tasks as needed.

© Took on secretarial duties in the absence of the paralegal.

© Performed background research on both clients and plaintiffs in order to aid case strategy.

Company Name Jamury 2010 to January 2014 Student Advocate and Assistant Outreach Coordinator

LOAN

Olescckn@oe re lningedbe lO MU Eer CM Couee sin Aue ry Ae) FilccumuT iB aon tt lPecioccrrana@aec Rained wiancrs ete ec Ursiiny
Planned, organized and arranged presentations and participation programs in chssrooms, residence halk, and university events.

Designed and implemented new work flow processes to improve productivity.

Digitized archives of newspaper articles related to sexual assault from around New England dated back to 1980.

Staffed the emergency help line on campus.

One-on-one guidance for students including phone based counseling and refervals for survivors of sexual assault.

Company Name January 2012 to Current Customer Service Representative
lena El CG

© Leamed cash register and money skills as wellas inventory and ordering.

© Opened and closed the operation.

© Trained and managed other employees.

CEA ten BE tican con anecslLe im

© Worked well under pressure or alone and demonstrated excellent time managerrent and muttitasking skills while raising dough, cooking
waflles and managing the delicate equipment.A

Company Name January 2010 to January 2013 Research Assistant, Legal Socialization Lab
lena El CG

¢ Graduate kvel statistical analysis and research during undergraduate years.

© Honed presentation skills while presenting and defending original research on egal socialization, youth behavior and criminal behavior,
viokent video gars, bullying and more.

© Gained proficiency using SPSS, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office and other software.A

« Edited manuscripts and original research ina collaborative but fast paced and competitive environment.A
