ADMISSIONS EXECUTIVE
Professional Summary

Highly motivated, creative professional with strong leadership and relationship-buikding skills. Experienced in applying principles of sociology to
personnel handling, administration, education, management and marketing problems.

Core Qualifications
* Microsoft Office * Charismtic public speaker
© Training and development © Community resources specialist
© Marketing and saks specialist. © Motivated teamphyer
PEC haces cme N EOC D eltlad
CeO leniackrrenelie atid
schivor anes
Adivissions Executive

August 2015 to Current Company Name - City , State

Evaluated program performance against expectations.

Maintained compliance with company and legal requirements.

Reviewed program needs and recruited qualified staff

Inspired students to translate their academic interests into the real world by taking positive actions.

Counseled undergraduates in regard to educational and professional goals.

Communicated with the registrar's office to review and process requests for requirements waivers.

Organized recruitment and admission events for prospective students.

Served as an Academic Adviser for undergraduate students each year.

Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.
BichncdRiol QOL aCe sre eS em ar aL ee

[OTonemiaay cen) ines icd
December 2004 to August 2015 Company Name - City , State

Developed, impkmented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.

Resolved customer questions, issues and comphints..

Conducted weekly, monthly, and quarterly team meetings discussing company goals, productivity, and team building,

Developed rapport with the customer base by handling difficult issues with professionalism

Addressed committee meetings and brought procedural ideas to steering committees promoting nutrition, physical and mental assessment
Pu ertrsy

Provided Behavioral Based Safety and Education by promoting training and certification for all employees.

Generated and distributed daily reports and order acknowledgments to appropriate personnel

Olruminecbi lec er a coe Ores lys)Leciicm

Entered data into Excel spreadsheets tracking individual health assessments for any discrepancies.

Or nnNeO neo Auocm om icant
January 2015 to April2015 Company Name - City , State

Responsible for the coordination of community events to individuals and farilies promoting healthy environments and lifestyle changes to
enhance emotional, physical, and fimctional growth.

Led presentations aimed at developing comprehensive programs to meet community employment, housing, transportation, medical and
crime prevention needs.

Met with clients one-on-one to determine necessary services and make appropriate treatment recommendations

eii(cemtne lie cletmeeUcrnilAlce omnes KeT kal eice

Attended conferences, seminars, and training sessions on commumity, health, or education related issues.

Assisted the Director in event planning and fundraising,

Referred families to food banks, financial assistance programs, employment and training support and health and immigration services.

Chik Advocate for Foster Children
October 2013 to July 2014 Company Name - City , State

Establish a relationship with the child to better understand the child's needs and desires

Develop a relationship with the court dependent child by meeting with hinyher ona weekly basis.

Provide a positive role model for the child while teaching hinyher self-confidence, trust, and other developmental behaviors.

Support the child throughout court proceedings and exphin the court proceedings to the child

Review availble records regarding the child's family history, school behavior, medical or mental health history, etc.

Identify and explore potential resources that will facilitate furily preservation, early family reunification, or alternative permanency planning,
