PATIENT SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Seeking a position using strong organizational skills, superb commumication skills and interest in management position with the reputed organization
that rewards loyalty, hard work, dependability and positive results in the team environment.

Skills

Maintains strict confidentiality

© Knowledge of HMOs, Medicare and Medi-Cal : a Sanaa i rity
as se pa OPC REL Lee
COL PUK m CELERON SIRO (XE Ry ere enh
: rAd Piao © Effectively influences others
ay ne nr Oem US R LEO eT a

a , oye p © Cultural awareness and sensitivity
RM CULE LN LSA RL

schivor anes

Patient Service Representative 03/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

Mirtred te hacer Mre pelckoitian ccctkacleatenmenc Real cctemenaincr tea nireerti es com

Oversaw data queries and made sure that they were rectified in the most efficient manner.

Answered phone calls, emails, letters and faxes and efficiently provided accurate information and responses.

Guided and handled 16 -employees including assistants; HR assistant (hiring of employees and assisting in appraisals for performance and
corrective action) responsible for arrangement, resolving employee discrepancies .

Ability to handle high volume of inbound and outbound calls, and concluded the nature of calls.As well as assisted callers to the proper

bd ys ols

© Successfilly organized appointrents between Physicians and Patients, responsible for typing reports, memos and other correspondence as
well as established accuracy, consistent, detail-oriented and capacity to carry higher responsibility.

Proficient in Windows, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, ect.

Efficient in registration of patients, verifying patient Demographics , entering data and verifying patients insurance, scheduling patients via
(Decne rlbenmeoutiy sree

Sending messages to pediatric, adult, and specialty physicians in Clmicare.

Paging Physicians through Perfect Serve.

Knowledge of Medical Terminology and Health Care related Training.

Capable of managing multiple tasks with an emphasis on retaining quality standards.

Ability to quickly assess and prioritize projects and office tasks.

Proficient at evaluating problems and quickly devising practical solutions.

Handk cash, receipts ,and tracked cash withdrawals.

Hun Resource Assistant, Supervisor/Call eneter Supervisor 12/2011 to 03/2015 Company Name City , State
Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow.
Facilitated informtion flow between customer service, account management operations, quality assurance, training and payroll departments to
guarantee call center objectives were met.
Led a team of customer service representatives to increase service center profitability.
Assisted with the development of the call center's operations, quality and training processes.
Selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions. Conducted telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees.
Worked closely with HR business partners to facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team strengths.
Helped training and development staff with all aspects of training coordination.
Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding all HR inquiries.
Created social media initiatives for new employee search strategies.
Drafted department-specific employee announcements.
Partnered with the IT department to create a streamlined onboarding process for new hires.

SVR olnnare Nocgu be aes e en PUB Gon slieN cli ok ON umES CLC

Created repeat business by developing long-term relationships with regular customers.

Enforced safety procedures in accordance with facility policies and goverment regulations.

Accountable for all staff development, budgeting and supply ordering.

Worked closely with Salon teamA A to produce repeat clientel .

Re-designed every business form, containing time & inventory sheets and appointment calendars to increase charity and effectiveness. Increased
product sakes by 53% within first quarters as Salon Manager.

Developed productivity of management by arranging bi-monthly meetings to talk about accomplishments, matters and room for enhancement
Resolved guest comphints.

Customer Service Sales Associate 01/1996 to 01/1999 Company Name City , State Fielded an average of 150A customer service calls per day.

Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.
