PHLEBOTOMIST

Professional Summary
Reliable and highly accurateA Phlebotomist PreceptorA focused on quality completion ofall ab procedures under tight deadlines. Works well
under pressure.
Skills
© Phicbotomy knowledge « Sharp critical thinker
« HIPPA compliance Pam otbe lel Cosine
© Data and statistical analysis © Lab testing and reporting
© Blood bank background ¢ Lab equipment maintenance
* CLIA& OSHA compliance = ¢ Trained in HIPPA compliance

Work History
Phiebotomist , 04/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Performs aseptic venipuncture procedures to obtain venous and capillary blood sampks for analysis in order to obtain data, which my be
used in diagnosis, monitoring and treatrrent of disease.

Performs a variety of secretarial, receptionist and clerical duties to provide support.

Perform microbiology duties rapid strep, HCG, RSV's, mono screening test.

Responsible for receiving; inspecting; storing and transferring clinical specimens.

Work orrcall as assigned and maintain the integrity of lab sampkes as per policy.

Prepared specimens for analysis and established proper chronological priorities in testing,

Quickly responded to and resolved all customer service issues ina timely manner.

Managed specimen sample handling, receiving, storage and inventory.

Phkbotomist , 01/2011 to 03/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Responsible for accurately obtaining blood samples via venipuncture and capillary colkection procedures with minimum customer discomfort.
Perform blood collections during moming rounds and in outpatient setting as well Provides care to patients whose ages range from infant to
peoylte em

Ensures specimen integrity by adhering to the laboratory's procedures for specimen colkction, handling, and processing.

Quickly responded to and resolved all customer service issues ina timely manner.

Performed both routine and emergency maintenance on laboratory instruments.

Carefilly reviewed test results for accuracy.

UN ces Bina Cs HiCn nace Lanier teense slneci (nme nice Omir bam tay ald

Prepared specimens for analysis and established proper chronological priorities in testing,

Phkbotomist/mobik , 01/2009 to 07/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Preceptor for new technicians performs phlebotomy at various Nursing homes and medical facility.

© Performed aseptic venipuncture procedures to obtain venous and capillary blood sampks for analysis in order to obtain data, which my be
used in diagnosis, monitoring and treatrrent of disease.

* Performed a variety of secretarial, receptionist and clerical duties to provide support for and assistance to laboratory personnel in the
management of the laboratory and in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of disease.

Ui ouelosacjlces iam Palen One PAUtc)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Performed it-outpatient phlebotomy and micro-phting.
« Registered patients for medical procedures, into hospital EHR systems.
¢ Performed various lab assistant duties.

Administrative Assistant , 01/2005 to 01/2008
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Processed loan applications assist clients with their requirements to obtain loans Performed various administrative duties , Verified
employment for credit applications Processed payroll for staff ,answer payroll questions, exphin benefits, and insurance processing
Develops administrative staff by providing information, educational opportunities, and experiential growth opportunities.

© Resolves administrative problems by coordinating preparation of reports, analyzing data, and identifying solutions.

¢ Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing.

Pepe Rol cat PCCC em tNI Ze mR UO SAL In}
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Certified MCS+ Automated Blood Collection Tech.
