CLIENT RELATIONS ADVOCATE
[Osheue Oona ang

Seeking a challenging and rewarding career in Customer Service that would utilize acquired knowledge, training , and skills to achieve career
growth potential and advancement. Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to
company success. Extensive experience includes performing needs assessments, gathering appropriate documents to assess efficiency, and
analyzing processes and procedures.

Core Strengths
Responsible Bilingual English/Spanish written and spoken

Data Entry Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, UX
MORN lice em Tite

Cae ees)

PaaS R Won oe
10-Key Cakultor arene
Strong organizational skills Pe oa Bi cce tury

« Team Phyer
Wl onrenemonaeared © Energetic work attitude
Accomplishments

Customer Assistance A
¢ Worked with company systems such as IUX and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
OO CM RUae

¢ Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss.

Aug oanan at acs

October 2009

to

March 2015

Company Name City , State Client Relations Advocate

Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals. Create, maintain, and enter
informtion into databases. Set up and manage paper or electronic filing systems, recording information, updating paperwork, or maintaining
docunnts, such as attendance records, correspondence, or other material. Operate office equipment, such as fax machines, copiers, or phone
systems and arrange for repairs when equipment malfimetions. Greet visitors or callers and handle their inquiries or direct them to the appropriate
persons according to their needs. Maintain scheduling and event calendars. Schedule and confirm appointments for clients, customers, or
supervisors. Conduct searches to find needed information, using such sources as the Intemet. Operate telephone switchboard to answer, screen,
or forward calls, providing information, taking messages, or scheduling appointments. Hear and resolve comphints from customers or the public.
Schedule appointrents and maintain and update appointment calendars.

April 2005

to

February 2011

Company Name City , State Respite Care Provider

Provide care for mentally disturbed, delinquent, or handicapped children. Operate in-house day-care centers within businesses. Assist in preparing
food and serving meals and refreshments to chidren. Help chikiren with homework and school work. Read to children and teach them simpk
painting, drawing, handicrafts, and songs. Organize and store toys and materials to ensure order in activity areas. Maintain a safe ply environment.
Dress children and change diapers. Observe and monitor chikdren's play activities. Communicate with children's parents or guardians about daily
activities, behaviors, and related issues. Sanitize toys and play equipment. Keep records on individual children, including daily observations and
informmtion about activities, meals served, and medications administered. Care for chikiren in institutional setting, such as group homes, nursery
schools, private businesses, or school for the handicapped.

May 2000

to

October 2006

Company Name City , State Customer Service
