FAMILY ADVOCATE
Professional Summary

A mntivated professional with practical, analytical, and operational skills with resourceful problem solving. Communicative and personable, will
keam and adapt quickly. Hands on, follow directions, and serve intemal and extemal custorrers with poise and professionalism

als
Strong interpersonal skills

MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint

Lene) 4 -
Negotiation competency
Benefit servicing systems: ICUE, Facet, ISET
el UE, i Active Listening skills
Customer service management expertise . , ;
Nidrcc@rkeeniiaacecenieny
Citrix, medical benefit and chim systems: KL library, LINX
Courteous demeanor
ena rauanend . _
Sih el Nyce Lenn yce sis
Medical Terminology Records (VLookup, Pivot Tabkes, etc’
ey Kup, Pi J I SHoiatcen emcee cei EInecieecy
© Team eadership ;
Pa ear een Troubleshooting skills
Picola ielticaiiac| ae
Ae eee enero Telecommunication knowledge
CERO onesies erase teti alt
* Risk management processes and analysis
CMInviguats eee g
Work History

Company Name Family Advocate // City , State // May 2014 to Current

Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or intemet, ina professional, courteous,
accurate manner while recording a briefoverview of communication.
© Resolves customer inquiries and concems with first call resolution; assist with the members needs regarding benefits, cligbility, chins,
financial spending accounts, health reirbursement accounts, and correspondence.
Answers customer's questions to help guide and educate them through selecting the best benefit plan options, maximize the value of their
health plan benefits by helping them understand and select quality care providers.
Intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the member to assist with appointment scheduling or connections with iternal
specialist for assistance.
Encourages self-sufficiency by assisting members in navigating company websites, cell phone applications, and tools.
Take ownership of each call to build rapport by providing resolutions on behalfofthe member in real time.
Creates, generates, and initiates request for customer callbacks to allow research and follow-up with the customer.
Research complex chims issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve customer issues in addition to
collaborating with other departments to resolve escalated issues.
Provide benefits education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests.
Exceeds the performance goals established for the position in the areas of efficiency, call quality, customer satisfaction, first call resolution
BE apie
* Participates in and supports the development and implementation of special projects.

Research and solve chims and billng issues.
© Helps members with eligbility and benefits coverage questions.
Interfaces with insurance carriers, physicians, hospital and other healthcare providers.

Company Name Patient Care Advocate // City , State // January 2008 to May 2014

Maintained confidentiality and compliance standards at all times.

Met with patients and families to discuss care and plan of action for future.

Maximized preventative care utilization to reduce hospital burden and help eliminate readmissions.
Provided subject matter expertise in case management and related procedures.

Resolved issues such as billing or communication problems that could affect care.

Increased utilization of preventative care to reduce readmission.

Updated documentation and reports detailing patient activities, care actions and hospital determinations.

Company Name Resident Director/Advisor // City , State // May 2004 to July 2007
© Coached students on usefil life and personal care skills.
