CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE II
Sumnnry

Qualified Lead Customer Service Representative with 16 + years in fast-paced customer service utility office environment and Affordable Care
Reform Personable and professional under pressure. At the utility company I was responsible for the day in and day out operations ofa busy
utility office as both lead customer service representative and assistant to my local manager. I handled everything from time sheets for the entire
office to payments mde by our customers. For the last six months I have been employed with Kelly Services and worked in MarketPlace
Operations at BlueCross BlueShield where I provided accurate, prompt and courteous responses to all inquiries by members internal and external
PE oce repre ose at anlocBneticcd is ethno aca cce na monnirlbmultelvameartman cred moana oiae raters
information. Received positive feedback from members, agents and management regarding work performance.

Parana
© Exceptional commumication skills

Filing and data archiving

(Oreste anions

Professional phone etiquette

MS Windows proficient

let umcoar comer atice

Quick lamer

Flexible

Proficient in cash management

Works well under pressure

Credit card processing

Pav emianesaltiied

Advanced clerical knowledge

High kvel ofaccuracy

Nite rea laqeli aces ice alc}

MS Office expert Self-sufficient

[Xe rccdomersimbegennm Cou Ng

xcolaativemersteyenalles alc)

Independent worker Detai-oriented

Computer proficient

Expertise in invoice and payment transactions PowerPoint knowkdge PeopkSoft expert

LOSERS Cer)
(Otpomcraned
SEIN

SEIU

FIPS

PIRS

Xa stirs

130]

Call Center

Experience
Customer Service Advocate II
October 2014 to March 2015 Company Name i City , State

I worked at MarketPlace Operations at BlueCross BlueShield where I provided accurate, prompt and courteous responses to alll inquiries by
mrenbers internal and external , agents and providers in a call center setting, I handled inquires that required extensive research, coordination with
other departments and accurately documented information. I worked using the CES system along with Achins, Ebill, PIRS, FIPS , SEIU, RMIM,
RMIH, and INFP's. I received positive feedback from members, agents and managerent regarding my work performance.

OTs om ioay com on enen nlite
Novenber 1998 to September 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for entering all payments for the office every day. The money amount was a high as $25,000 some days. Answered an average of 200
call per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing information about their utility service. Greeted customers entering the
office and addressed their needs with billing, payment or setting up their utility accounts. Entered time sheet information for all employees at our
local office and scheduled meetings for manager. Responsible for all paperwork tumed in by employees that need to be entered for company and
OSHA requirerents. Responsible for all statistical information required on a monthly basis by our corporate headquarters. Responsible for
eos ee Doar Laer Oe Nua ame kadar mera Mucetmich somes ae ede ironasrine center esl ren a ey
vendors for the local office. Handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with the accounting departments on invoicing and shipping
probkns. Sct up and explained utility accounts to new customers. Responsible for emergency situations with customers and making sure
informtion has been given to the proper person to resolve the problem Responsible durmg emergency weather or hazards to be on site at work
to help with customer needs. Described products to customers and accurately exphined details about the programs that were offered. Investigated
and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. Participated in physical inventory counts every quarter.

Education
High Schoo! Diplo : Education. I Coastal Carolina University 1% City , State , US

High Schoo! Diplomm: Coastal Carolina University - Conway, SC I attended Coastal Carolina University with a major in Education. I left one
semester before finishing my degree duc to faily obligations. My last three semesters I camed 4.0 each semester. My GPA was 3.6 when I keft
school.
