CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE
Summary

Highly-motivated, coaching, and analytical health insurance keader.

schivor anes
Customer Service Advocate Mar 2016
Company Name i City , State

* Patient CetnerA MedicalA Home Dedicate RepresentativeA

© Working 0-2 FCR Case ReportA

© Coaching new and seasoned reps on casework and taking calls.
* Coach and assist new customer service representatives

© Helps train and inform departments regarding PCMH

Missionary Pastor/Church Planter Jun 2016
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

CP COOS eee Oa EI LO nisi e ennnLraltoe

© Develop and teach discipleship curriculum on a weekly basis

© Preach 45 minute lecture and interactive lessons ona weekly basis

* Started a non-for-profit organization called The Sparrows
© Provides teaching on manhood, womanhood, marriage, parenting
© Roasts and sells coffee for non-for-profit organizations
Ce Naincigeatiag

Customer Service Specialist Contractor Sep 2014 to Mar 2016
Company Name i City , State

¢ Creates and mintains databases tracking and trending first contact resolution.

e Analyzes and evaluates customer service representative phone calls.

* Contributes ideas and plans for providing exceptional custoer service Models exceptional customer service skills and appropriate
diagnostic sales techniques.

© Contributes ideas and offered constructive feedback at weekly sales and training meetings.

* Evaluates the accuracy and quality of data entered into the agency managerrent system.

© Follows up with customers on unresolved issues.

Outreach Pastor Aug 2014 to Mar 2016
Company Name i City , State

© Leads a team of paid staffand volunteers to maintain and improve the church outreach focus.

* Frequently speaks in front of groups of 20 to 300 people.

¢ Establishes strategic relationships with local advertising outlets and ensures continuous awareness of the church in the community.

© Functions as owner and champion ofall extemal marketing activities maximizing attendance of special outreach focused events, and any
other activity requiring external marketing support.

© Works with church staffto create new events and other venues for inviting new peopk to eventually become regular attendees of church
Rasy woce

Pee Click AG eer icoay ces inCiN Ace Clima al eeiiue RC eecent ncaa nace

CP iol niin kolee BOR he aOR MUBI Creu tenerentsMincb nueliiaersi@ileekarcietn

Quality Assurance Analyst Aug 2013 to Aug 2014
Company Name i City , State

Pinpointed and corrected chims processing errors Evaluated the accuracy and quality of data entered into the agency management system.
Followed up with customers on unresolved issues.

Reported policy changes and company conditions affecting customer satisfaction.

Conducted annual reviews of existing policies to update information.

Analyzed and evaluated to customer service representative phone calls.

Developed a system for first call resolution.

Coached and trained entry level to senior employees on policy changes affecting customer satisfaction.

Customer Service Representative Aug 2011 to Aug 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

¢ Answered an average of 100 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information.
© Described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise.
