SERVICE ADVOCATE IV- CLINICAL SUPPORT
Summary

Over 10 years of the insurance industry experience. Strong analytical, documentation and research skills.

Highlights
© Extensive insurance industry and regulatory compliance knowledge.
* Quality assurance by conducting audits experience. * Experience managing conplex and time sensitive projects.
¢ Analyze issues, tack trending and implement process improverrent © Provide important communications regard updates to
ideas. procedures.
* Research, develop, editing and publish procedures for the CREO lircmiLemnstrcciang usecase
department. © Medical terminology specialist
CE onebelcrmaseiieneRentr ities oid * Database management
Ca oat yelniited « AllLines Chims Adjuster Licensed 6-20 State of Florida
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Service Advocate IV- Clinical Support 01/2015 to Current
4€¢ Assist providers with the entry and update of requests for medical clearances

4€¢ Research, coordinate and resolve inquiries and chims exceptions

4€¢ Coordinate with other Provider Service areas to identify formal education opportunities
4€¢ Identify, document and monitor process improverrents

&€¢Maintain records, reports, or files

&€¢ Moderate to heavy keying required.

€¢ 9+ years' experience in health insurance, provider's office (handling medical coding, filing insurance chins or referrals) or a managed
healthcare telephone service center

&€¢ Experience working with healthcare products including researching and resolving provider inquiries and working with provider contracts and
ewe

€¢ Experience working with medical terminology, CPT-4 coding, ICD-9 coding and claims adjudication inquiry resolution processes and
procedures

&€¢ Experience working with BCBSF healthcare products

a ay cues nined orale isecnucccsy ecw Oeste echt ate

*Examine chim forms and other records to determine insurance coverage

*Verify investigative information

RAAT TEL IRM ece onoleceN

Company Name City , State Service Advocate V- Sales Support Agent Service 08/2013 to 01/2015

© Knowledge ofall lines of business to include Over 65, MIPPA, Medicare Advantage, Under 65 Health Care Reform plans, BlueCare
HMO, Blue Options PPO, Blue Select PPO, Underwritten plans, Ancillary products such as Dental and Life, Small and Large Group, and
Ostet

remanent ner cLas

Detailed knowledge of the enrollment processes and work flow

Assist agents with day to day inquiries

Train and educate agents on products, procedures and applicable rukes and regulations.

Research and resolve system issues an agent may have.

Research and resolve all inquiries both sales-related and service -related for all lines of business and all health and ancillary products.
Research information and implement solutions for sales partners whose needs demand agility and persistence.

Collaboration relationship buikling with external partners, such as sales agents, brokers, consultants, key accounts, providers or vendors.
Experience working with Sales or Sales Operational areas Demonstrated experience managing multipk priorities and dermands.

Company Name City , State Service Advocate TV- Enrollment Maintenance and Billing 03/2007 to 08/2013

* Knowledge ofall lines of Over 65, MIPPA, MedAdvantage, Under 65 Healthcare Reform plans to include BlueCare HMO, Blue Options
PPO, Blue Select PPO, Underwritten plans, Ancillary products such as Dental and Life.
