DIRECT CLIENT COORDINATOR- COUNSELOR VICTIM ADVOCATE
Professional Experience

09/2014 to Current

Direct Client Coordinator- Counselor/ Victim Advocate Company Name 1% City , State

* Conducts individual counseling sessions with clients to address social, emotional, and interpersonal deficits related to sexual trauma or
Blalhen

« Facilitates psychoeducational support groups consisting of 6A to 10 clients focusing on coping skills, emotional regulation, and sexual abuse

ironed

Interacts with out of agency clinicians and external resources such as school or commumity personnel.

Charts and records confidential information in client files.

Effectively manages time and caseloads based on agency needs (counseling, court advocacy, groups, community education, etc.)

Quickly responds to crisis situations when severe mental health and behavioral issues arose.

Conducts outreach, advocacy and rehabilitative services for regular cases and crisis intervention.

Collaborates with other programs and community agencies to enhance treatment processes for clients.

Properly trained and supervised crisis- line volunteers.Strengthened agency rapport with law enforcement officers, court officials and

community service agencies.

08/2012 to 03/2014
Sales Lead Company Name

© Oversee operations on and off the sales floor while directing employees.

© Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.

* Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and nuking deposits.

© Credit Coach”: responsible for tracking the number of store credit cards opened each month, and holding employee training meetings to

encourage sales.

Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.

Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.

07/2010 to 08/2013
District Manager, Salon Manager, Marketing Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Manage staffat multiple tanning salons in the Salt Lake Valley, preparing work scheduks and assigning specific duties.

© Determine staffing requirements, and interview, hire and train new employees, or oversee those personnel processes.

* Review financial statements, sales and activity reports, and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achieverent and to
determine areas needing cost reduction and program improverrent.

© Develop and implement product-marketing strategies, including advertising campaigns or sakes promotions.

* Performsalkes floor work, such as greeting or assisting customers, stocking shelves, or taking inventory.

11/2012 to 08/2013
Salon Sales and Service Representative

© Identify prospective customers by using business directories, following leads from existing clients, and attending trade shows and
eo lacannes

* Assist new salon owners inall aspects of the business, including product and equipment purchase, software requiremnnts, licensing
eC MPU CMB ENT CGUneeitCou ccMrsIL CB Eb eltem

© Estimate or quote prices for tanning beds, tanning bulbs, service maintenance, credit terms, warranties, and delivery dates.

* Arrange and direct delivery and installation of products and tanning equipment.

CREAN a te orks mcs ROM etm nace emcece Webel cE Lem eR eh eRe neo ethene a

Education and Training

0

Master of Arts : Psychology, MFT & PCC Dual Emphasis Brandan University i City , State , USA Currently maintaining 4.0 GPA

2013

Bachelor of Science : Psychology University of Utah i% City , State , USA Centennial Scholarship Recipient 3.47

Personal Information

Volunteer time with Joaquin, a 6 year old boy on the Autism spectrum in a home- based treatment program called the Son- Rise program *Work
various goals through play sessions such as; eye contact, social referencing, interpersonal skills and gestures. *Build upon relational aspects of his
therapy, and recognize small changes in social behaviors. *Participate in dialogue after each session with the program director to continue learning
techniques and to review goak.

pinay

Son-Rise Home Volunteer, September 2013 to March 2014

Skills

advertising, cash registers, Coach, conferences, cost reduction, Credit, Resolve customer comphints, clients, delivery, directing, employee training,
financial staterrents, inventory, law enforcement, marketing strategies, meetings, money, personnel, policies, processes, product-marketing,
