CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE
Summary
Enthusiastic and hard-working Customer Service Specialist looking to obtain a position in an environment where my skills are valued and can

benefit the organization. Dedicated, focused and excels at prioritizing, completing multipk tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve
project goals. Secking a challenging role of increased responsibility and authority.

bs hranianie
© Strong organizational skills CW eletvtcrlanhemoneetlt
© Active listening skills © Results-oriented
© Seasoned in conflict resolution ¢ Self-directed
¢ Sharp probkmsolver CaVivesiisteccians

schivor anes
Customer Service Advocate 09/2014 to 03/2015 Company Narre City , State

Mee emer amc ey core mele

Handk member calls via telephone as it relates to their prescriptions.

Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

Placing refill orders and tracking order status.

Deliver the highest evel of quality customer service through the execution of responsiveness, reliability, assurance/conflence, accuracy, and
professionalism on every member interaction.

OP tence On eaea eed he ince emi aac eee eR CCl Onn

* Maintained up-to-date records at all times.

Collection Specialist II 05/2015 to 10/2015 Company Name City , State

* Complete colkction calls and/or correspondence ina fast-paced goal oriented collection department.

¢ Providing customer service regarding collection issues, process customer refunds, process and review account adjustment, resolve clients
discrepancies and short payments.

* Responsible for monitoring and nnintaining assigned accounts-customer calls, account adjustment srmill balance write off, customer

reconciliation and processing credit memos.

Accountable for reducing delinquency for assigned account.

* Perform other assigned tasks and duties necessary to support the Accounts Receivable Department.

Telkr/Sales Associate 09/2012 to 09/2013 Company Name City , State

* Responsible for monitoring and nnintaining assigned accounts- Custorrer calls, account adjustments, srmill balance write off customer
reconciliations and processing credit memps.

© Complete customer transactions related to their accounts and resolved any revolving issues.

* Reached out to customers and potential customers via face to face interactions for the opportunity to open new accounts and add benefits

to their accounts.

Followed the established policies in accordance with the bank and the supervisor's direction.

* Recorded all transactions promptly, accurately and in compliance with bank procedures.

Colkctions Specialist 03/2010 to 09/2012 Company Nanr City , State

Complete colkection calls and/or correspondence ina fast paced goal oriented collections department.

Me nea ee oar es osluliitesl out Colm iuecreC em MC luecrlh Say ayereaeulaxt[curankmreceekelced
discrepancies and short payments.

© Responsible for monitoring and mnintaining assigned accounts- Custorrer calls, account adjustments, srmill balance write off customer
reconciliations and processing credit memps.

Accountable for reducing delinquency for assigned accounts.

Perform other assigned tasks and duties necessary to support the Accounts Receivable Department.

Dispatcher 02/2008 to 10/2009 Company Nane City , State

© Responsible for receiving and transmitting pure and reliable messages, tracking vehicles and equipment, and recording other important
siefevennat hoe

Receive incoming calls, answer questions, and provide information to technicians via telephone and company data-base systems.
Maintain accuracy in updating files and logs.

Rehtes effectively to those contacted in the course of work.

Performs other duties as required trouble-shoot for onsite technicians, assist and transfer technicians to proper areas.

Customer Service /Sales Associate 01/2007 to 02/2008 Company Name City , State

* Cash checks using established risk analysis (as defined in current training manuals and/ or policies and procedures mnterials) avoiding retum
