CORPORATE FACILITATOR, PERFORMANCE COACH AND DEVELOPER
Summary
Corporate Trainer and Performance Coach Over 25 years of business experience including 18 years of training, Interactive and engaging high
energy corporate trainer. Wide bandwidth of corporate and entrepreneurial experience to solidify content and enable material to be business
relevant. Lead others to adopt change with proven methods. Skilled in engaging groups quickly building trust and involvement. Ensure participants
improve job related competencies. Coach others to higher levels of peak performance while maintaining confidentiality and privacy.
Core Qualifications

© Active participation in [groups, plans, events] © Active listening skills

* Excelient chssroommamgement © Positive atmosphere promotion
* Interactive teaching/eaming * Innovative kesson planning
CEO cle ho rsnes ener ailcy © Performance assessments

Po area ty

4€¢Facilitated $ 65 million in imnovated cost savings for clients

4€¢Facilitated $500,000 of training revenue (2012)

&€¢Obtained four Dale Camegie Certifications in a one year (2005)

Ho A@erocten lve tace ner each went cc RU IRURT INA UPATL otc}

&€¢Coach on Profik International Incorporated assessments to increase behavior change

Professional Experience
Corporate Facilitator, Performance Coach and Developer
REI gala eR Garay scl aN cli cht a OLN mECIT| Ce

¢ Colkborate with senior leadership team to tailor training.

© Managed the design, development, implementation and administration of instructor-ked corporate training including feedback survey forms,
PireEse ose wueanra arse

¢ Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of training programs with the client.

© Maintain high performance standards throughout the training through individual coaching.

Health Coach and Corporate Health Educator
January 2010 to January 2014 Company Name i City , State

* Coached patients using motivational interviewing skills to guide them in the direction of their unique goals.

© Employed creativity in planning and delivering wellness initiatives for individual behavior change.

Centered coaching on a balanced program approach which included aspects of physical, social, occupational, intellectual and emotional
wellness.

Provided dedicated telephonic health coaching for approximately 50-90 patients per week per year to improve choksterol, blood pressure,
weight management, exercise, glucose, stress management, work-life balance, smoking cessation and other lifestyle impacts.

© Regarded as one of the top 5% of the coaching staff Mentoring responsibility for 15 monthly peer health coaches Corporate health educator
in regards to wellness in the workplace.

Coached senior executives and physicians on personal health changes Certified Wellness Program Manager, Health Coach and Corporate
ssl hp oubesliela

RES AUU ROR mA eRe lian cick OUNmEST l(c

Provided objective direction, creativity and ideas in planning and delivering wellness initiatives.

I developed results-oriented wellness program for the corporations and individuals.

Program design included interventions for incentives, recognition campaigns and vendor selection.

Structured a supportive environment so associates were encouraged and rewarded for a healthy lifestyle.

Evaluated the outcomes in alignment with measurable goals and feedback.

Designed and implemented a corporate wellness division for a health brokerage firm Authored and published "Healthy Profits: The 5 Areas
of Strategic Wellness in the Workplace”.

© Co-author in "Ignite Your Passion" and have been published in Corporate Wellness Magazine.

© Present to international, local and regional audiences conceming soft skills training and workplace wellness.

Manager of Retail Systems, Project Manager and Trainer
January 1997 to January 2005 Company Name 1% City , State

© Managed associates involving workflow, quality control, and contlict resolution and review process.

© Supervised the direction of multiple third party vendors in the development of corporate projects.

* Business liaison between extemal store automation and corporate business units.

© Trained True Value employees, trainers and members on corporate software projects under my control and direction.
