SENIOR ADVISOR AND NATIONAL FUNDRAISING DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

Taman agile and hungry project manager with nearly five years of experience leading cross-fimetional teams in the political campaign world. In that
time, I have managed concurrent projects at various stages of development, designed and oversaw the maintenance of project plans, and
leveraged qualitative and quantitative data insights to inform decision making. My experience erbedding on a new campaign every few months has
mde me an expert at drinking from the fire hose. At my heart, 1 ama people person and problem solver who loves to operate in ambiguous rokes

and will run through walls to deliver.
Skills
© Excel and Google Sheets CRW oti caneg
© Familiarity with multiple CRM = * = Marketing and Communications
¢ Databases Pa ool
© Budgets Cana
* Budget © Organizational
© Business Development * Problem Sober
© Business strategy Cae urelcu@cnaeaang
Carey Cs
© Databases CS ects)
© Direct mil Cas ech ip Baputte 3
© Fundraising Cat ae
© Legal Cm ees
Ce Biiestb oe Ce eel eid
Work History
Senior Advisor and National Fundraising Director , 09/2020 to 12/2020
lena El CG

© Created project plan to implement a new business strategy and organizational structure to optimize workflow, leading team to raise
$2.25MM in two months, the largest congressional raise in the country over that period.

¢ Led 14-person staff composed of digital marketing, data, communications, and sakes teams to surpass engagement and fimdraising KPIs.

© Managed $4.25MM budget and all fimdraising-related projects including hunching a mobik-compatible website, and an activist-targeted
digital marketing campaign that increased engagement across all digital channels by 43%.

Oat esis burrnisnea) nodal Per cucw Cl cemm NEPALAU ROR PALAU
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

© Developed budgets, timelines, deliverables, and KPIs for a portfolio of 8 congressional campaigns throughout the Midwest, leading each
campaign to increase money raised by at least 100%.

* Colkborated with heads ofevent, operations, and fimdraising departments to flawlessly execute over 100 appearances from former
Fines) cen ce ee@ nu tamel cell mae cele bee

lest lO noc ee eB Urecisee Pi coe ome ic PAI Cam eZPAU) by
oi
© Built and oversaw a S4MM budget and all campaign projects ranging from extemal communications and fundraising strategies to lawn sign

placenent.
© Advised the Congressman on all political decisions and developments involving his re-election efforts.

Fundraising Director , 11/2018 to 02/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Led teamcomposed of digital marketing, direct mil, and polling consultants to implement a findraising strategy that raised $1.4MM, more
than any other campaign in NYC over the same time period.

Fundraising Director , 06/2018 to 11/2018

lena El CG

Deputy Fundraising Director , 12/2017 to 05/2018

lena El CG

Office of House Minority Leader Steny Hoyer , 08/2017 to 12/2017
Litigation Legal Assistant , 07/2016 to 08/2017

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Voted best legal assistant in the litigation department.

Russie ion key

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : US History Emory University - City , State
summa cum bude
