YOUTH ADVOCATE
SUrotereral brie isa

Motivated, enthusiastic, responsible and goal-oriented young educator secking new opportunities in education and educational background of
Psychology and Sociology. Personal and empathetic, with great sense of humor and the ability to bring out the best in others. Skilled in working
with children with special keaming skills and mental health issues. Motivate and able to bridge student experiences, academic kessons and subjects
to real-life situations. Active team member who can effectively collaborate with all stakeholders and establish quality relationships in working with
difficult children,

Core Qualifications
© Critical thinker ¢ Low income and homekss populations
¢ Probkemresolution ability © Client engagement
© Client/family focused © Quick kamer
CRN o Mees lectet kee tico i a MOU Bai Lolnen
¢ Scelfstarter CE Go nce
© Dedicated patient advocate ¢ Reliable transportation

Experience
Youth Advocate 09/2015 Company Name City , State

© Work with youth ages 12-18 that are homekss (for various reasons), living in shelter with personal, social, academic, and life goals.
PEON a elbow elccien paula Pcie anceiceko lance

© Counsel and prepare residents for their transition back into the commaumity.

PMO adware oka ces Om a RnaceeneliLeiible Bore ecl pcnecelese

Teacher 06/2011 to 04/2015 Company Nanx City , State

¢ Develop individual educational plans (IEPs) designed to promote students' educational, physical, or social development.

° Confer with parents, administrators, testing specialists, social workers, or other professionals to develop individual education plans (IEPs).
SERCO ROHR cL snc ca oOMMO Cd MOM econ ee Mae once ec Kemer betes cre

CR Ghanibicatcl cee keen aCe ecnauececp eas a ANms Str cen cement a ccullat ac

© Develop or implemnnt strategies to meet the needs of students with a variety of disabilities,

© Teach students personal developnent skills, such as goal setting, independence, or self advocacy.

Teacher 06/2008 to 07/2011 Company Narre City , State

BR Aiibhreatcnem eke Loe ciao cEcp ce ies ba ANS Su Mase oN aU EMS acu at OTe

© Guide or counsel students with adjustment problems, academic problens, or special academic interests.

PMB Wiimicsoromeducayokme canna helio tatiren barbed erase cnts (one

* Confer with parents, administrators, testing specialists, social workers, or other professionals to develop individual education plans (IEPs).
¢ Develop individual educational plans (IEPs) designed to promote students' educational, physical, or social development.

© Teach students personal development skill, such as goal setting, independence, or self advocacy.

Mental Health Case Manager 10/2004 to 06/2011 Company Name City ,, State

© Maintain confidentiality ofrecords relating to clients’ treatment.

© Encourage clients to express their feelings and discuss what is happening in their lives, helping them to develop insight into themselves or
their relationships.

Ce ai ohestebnshanutaban ew cg sca OL ace netics cela ae Bool om rTneclCeB Ou MAL Cn eel atunet ob Moe e mln Beiyucccer aCe

Refer patients, clients, or family members to commumity resources or to specialists as necessary.

Teacher 06/2003 to 07/2007 Company Nanx City , State

© Confer with parents, administrators, testing specialists, social workers, or other professionals to develop individual education plans (IEPs).
¢ Develop individual educational plans (IEPs) designed to promote students' educational, physical, or social development.

© Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.

Pe iicrontamu sural menor aOR vce ingen el Poon opeheuchlnce Onn Combat b il nie raimae Ras etch

Accomplishments

WELTER eat ore Keeh LoCa Neat a ecu Cucp cenit MAM Saas Oo cMmM Mri acu OTe

Develop individual educational plans (IEPs) designed to promote students’ educational, physical, or social development.

Confer with parents, administrators, testing specialists, social workers, or other professionals to develop individual education plans (IEPs).
PC Ros iy cenettclon cen ece  shociee greece Onl ER lr csan gs ssl tece

Teach students personal developnent skill, such as goal setting, independence, or selfadvocacy.

Guide or counsel students with adjustment problems, academic problens, or special acaderric interests.

Sade OME Douce e eal omni
