COURT APPOINTED SPECIAL ADVOCATE
Summary

Financial professional who is a self starter and capable of effectively finctioning with minimum supervision. Known for taking initiative and skilled
at meeting challenges and deadlines. A team player who is attentive to detail and produces quality results. Computer proficient. Areas of expertise
inchide:

FN ssc

Accounts Payabke/Payroll
Microsoft Office

Written and Verbal Communications
Detail Oriented

Multi Tasking
Organization/Prioritizing

Dano ia

Highlights
© Strategic and financial planning expert
Process implementation
Staff leadership and development

O Word
cd

© Strength in financial planning

e

cd

PowerPoint
Neves)

Excel

Microsoft Office
Facebook
ete

Account reconciliations
Customer relations

Accomplishments
Provided suggestions and helped to develop a form plan for the reconstruction ofa local Bloomington restaurant.

schivor anes
Company Name January 2015 to Current Court Appointed Special Advocate
lena El CG

© Reviewed documents and records, interviewed the children, family members and professionals in their lives.

Provided written reports at court hearings.

Advocated for the child's best interests and provided testimony when necessary.

Helped the child understand the court proceedings.

Ensured that the children and their family are receiving appropriate services and advocated for those that are not immediately availble.
Bring concerns about the child's health, education, mental health, etc. to the appropriate professionals.

Monitored case plans and court orders, Checked to see that plans are being followed and mandated review hearings are being held.
Updated the court on developments with agencies and family members. Ensured that appropriate motions are filed on behalf of the child so
the court knows about any changes in the child's situation.

Company Name May 2014 to August 2014 Cashier
lena El CG

CREA leiccktniG aun sccm oni keaiaticat ence

Issued receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to customers.

Resolved customer comphints.

Cakuhted total payments received during a time period, and reconcikd this with total sales.
Answered customers! questions, and provided information on procedures or policies.
Compiled and maintained non-monetary reports and records.

Kept periodic balance sheets of amounts and numbers of transactions.

Company Name January 2010 to May 2012 Event Planner
lena El CG

© Colkborated with diverse faculties and students to prepare annually parties, and organize holiday travel, and athletic game.
© Created executive analysis reports highlighting business issues, potential risks and profit opportunities.

* Assigned diverse talented team member different missions and gave feedback on work process to the manager.

© Negotiated and reviewed business contracts and financial models with profitability and financial success in mind.

(Oo INANE Perret elie COR @a ona wAU bs R Ain Lowe’
lena El CG
