PATIENT ADVOCATE/CLINICAL CARE COORDINATOR

[Oouw reels

Selling capital equipment computer hardware and software to corporate accounts. Supporting management and staff in developing and maintaining
market share through aggressive account sales growth. Top 10% in the nation, #1 in the region three years in a row. *Recognized as top
performing sales and marketing specialty representative. Analytical thinking and administrative skill, leadership, interpersonal skills, communication
skils, self-motivation. Ensure maximum coverage ofall accounts within territory geographic areas to maintain optimum kevel of exposure and
eflective time management. Medical device/healthcare sales experience. *Maximize corporate profit by achieving sales revenue targets and grow
market share for a specified territory, by promoting, selling and servicing company's products. Increase sales and revenue by aggressively targeting
and developing new accounts by using strategic account strategy and keen business insights. Sale of Injectable and Oral Medications. *Train
appropriate medical staff on company products. Develop and implement plans to achieve/exceed sales goals. Identify, establish and maintain
productive working relationships with key decision makers, customers and their staff, administrative staff (complete office sales).

Sumnnry of Skils

¢ Keyaccount generation
© Prospecting and cokl callng ¢ Regional accounts
© Team building expertise © Saks force training
© Strategic account development * Business negotiation
© Strong interpersonal skills © Strong lead development skills
Accomplishments
Client Interface A

© Colkborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development.
PEO reecnicigu ca oke(and oreo Ronnie Gm ema Con ce EB OLB nares i mere in ecs em

CAE ScHigii tcc oman Cniemsumiclmlic bc mbeocss ie ame eens
CMe clvet Pures cen keel Newb nIMAlC

Professional Experience
PATIENT ADVOCATE/CLINICAL CARE COORDINATOR
February 2010 to Current Company Name i State

¢ Patient and Family lnison to facilitate communicate with physicians, health care providers, case managers to develop course of care and
emergency care.

Experience ina clmical setting, outpatient or managed care experience.

Clmical Coordination of clinical activities: Wound Care evaluating, and providing patient care through the use of hospital and nursing
Ernie icin

Case management, providing treatments, and patient/caregiver education related to wound care management.

QU ceR VU emcee OL GM CULO Mcos und iome aUUCi SD lede men ctLeB Dien miaestccuegeai etd
needs.

MEDICAL SALES REPRESENTATIVE
October 2007 to February 2010 Company Name 1 City , State

* Detailing in the specialty areas of Pain Management, Neurology, Anesthesiology, Rheumatology, Orthopedics, Oncologist and supportive
[OTeue ura

Oral and Injectable medications.

Ranked Top 10% nationally 2008-2009, achieved a product index of 114%, and ranked #1 in the District.

Detailing Pain Specialist, and hospitalist.

Hospital based selling experience and Negotiating Skil.

District trainer; efficiency, teamwork and software.

Maintain relationships with key area phanmcies and support the pharmacist by providing discounts, educational information and updated
manage care information.

© Matrix Management Skills, and Market Research Knowledge.

PROFESSIONAL SALES REPRESENTATIVE
December 2005 to October 2007 Company Name i'4 City , State

Launched new asthim drug #1 in the region 2006.

Cardiology and then Respiratory Divisions (respiratory devices).

Achieve quarterly 139% to goal, and annual sakes goals in excess of 126% to goal average 2006.

Ranked Top 10% nationally, achieving a product index of 136% 2007, and ranked #1 in the District 2007 and #2 2006.
Develop and implement plans to achieve/exceed sales budget.

¢ Specialty Market Placement.

MEDICAL REPRESENTATIVE
August 1997 to Decerrber 2005 Company Name

a rr) se. rary ey
