FINANCE DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

To find a new and challenging position that will utilize the skills that I've acquired and help others maximize their skills and potential. Ambitious
Financial Manager determined to continually exceed expectations. Willing to take on added responsibilities to achieve desired results.

Skills

Pa Seon terbucayronesalcosenteti est ee)
A A ¢ Effective kader
: a eh unariaernie tial * Staff traming/development
, aia i ee ai a PEG ocionlvprsesieslc)
A ¢ Efficient multitasker

° Conplex problem solving PM Orso mcaanaerencnael

© Highly detail-oriented arene

° ae ae ea © Deadline-oriented

Se ec . © Budget developrent

¢ Advanced computer proficiency(PC and Mac) | Expertise in invoice and pa an
Par acoetileccunnalralt et)

Work History
IAQ bac Ket vans
Finance Director Company Name a€“ City , State

PA mbeg ecansiba al poet ce Ob sured ce Pub aCe ceinemo a aliaiten

Collate financial reporting materials, oversee all financial and project accounting.

Manage organizational cash flow and forecasting.

Impknent a robust financial management reporting systems ensure that the billing and colkection schedule is adhered to and that financial
data and cash flow are steady and support operational requirements.

© Effectively communicate and present the critical financial matters to the board of directors.

Manage accounting and financial systems and maintain full and accurate accounting records Conduct financial analysis and prepare detailed
Fira bro e Rete Ue

Provide financial and accounting advice, direction and leadership.

Manage the maintenance and upgrade of financial systems.

Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts by interpreting fmancial results.

Managed a $ [Amount] annual budget that grew [Number] % in [Number] years.

Analyzed budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.

Created an analytical framework for identifying and developing financial growth opportunities,

Assumed ownership of accounting, forecasting and strategic supply planning.

Developed annual budgets in collaboration with the financial director.

Forecasted operating costs for scheduled projects by strategizing with other departments,

Synthesized financial and budgetary information to solve problems and develop alternative solutions.

Managed high volumes of financial activity in a fast-paced, risk-based corporate environment.

Oe lceBinane a bones ociea Res Sud Me uenelinccee em elise ne occe

Device bebraN emia RSH cnanmeen sla Lercaee ocd cainceye scot M NBN ie

Performed compkx general accounting fimctions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and balance shect reconciliations.
Prepared accurate financial statements at end of the quarter.

Reviewed collection reports to determine the status of collections and the amounts of outstanding balances.

Worked with management at the project level to ensure expense plans are achieved.

Worked with managers to develop annual expense plan goals.

Collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations.

05/1999 to 11/2012

Office Administration Department Manager Company Name 4€“ City , State
OSTA bey RCRA bea)

Accounts Receivable Coordinator Company Name a€* City , State

Cr

Pe ononuke naive urmlanuniicon cea eralacallcraainebeceetaluinmipaccaeiilce Kea) om

CES binemmy ce oer aicccmiescoana bin chee om speckecas etc

¢ Coordinated the invoicing process with Project Leaders and Financial Analyst to ensure invoices are submitted accurately to sponsors.
© Invoiced sponsors according to billing terms indicated in the contract/budget.

¢ Analyzed and retrieved billng information from non-governmental contracts.

¢ Performed detailed financial analysis utilizing Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.

03/1996 to 02/1997
Business Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

© Managed daily Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payabk fictions.
¢ Processed vendor payments including the input of invoices and production of Accounts Payable checks.
