MERCHANT SERVICES ADVOCATE
Summary

IWElccnulecneecreain ee Secick OR inl a om iLem seca

SI iceWolccmule wi ecclei icra Chen line lichen alicomcie ns raenra kid serena come irReennriulede nicl ance Octet ay
ET release) SeeiCaTC OBIE LEERCIEL Cau ol SOTEET STL om
Highlights

* Clint relations specialist

ae eer © High customer service standards
* Focused on customer satisfaction , Ps es enaiaiane ae
CEM bclininentee Rae eeirens a i, ,
naan trong problem solving ability
¢ Deadline-oriented i , ne A
rotenone tenon) CON odieanednaiiuaianacorice

Accomplishments
Exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for 4 months ina row.

schivor anes
07/2013 to Current
Merchant Services Advocate Company Name if City , State

© Soles challenging member situations creatively and efficiently - whik maintaining the LivingSocial brand promise of surprising and delighting
- utilizing strong listening skills, empathy and probing techniques to identify reason(s) for disconect and overcome objections.

Builds and strengthens relationships with merchants by providing an exceptional merchant experience to ensure quality experiences.
Manages logistics of promotions directly with the merchant via phone and email.

Quickly responds to and resolve all merchant questions/issues.

Keeps records of merchant interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.
Problem solving by utilizing internal teams to solve compkx issues.

Communicates effectively across all internal channels and provide effective solutions.

ORR OREN Cs
Mobile Sales Consultant (Seasonal) Company Name 1'4 City , State

© Provided personalized service and exceptional expertise for customers.

© Handkd all aspects of the sale including: customer contracts and warranties, customer payments, cash and credit card/check transactions.

* Developed, nnintained and communicated strong, up-to-date knowledge of wireless products, accessories, pricing plans and service
Felines

UP CAC LU PAU ei)
Operations Supervisor/T-Mobile Gen Care Company Name 1 City , State

CRW olictpedealanacaticontet ony

* Oversaw that agents were meeting required metrics (KPI's).

© Coached agents to help them grow and succeed in the goals they set forth (Coach to behaviors).

© Impkmented new changes and ensure that everyone is on board with the new changes, with address and concems that took place.
* Set career paths and mentored individuals secking to move up in the company.

© Scheduled meetings and interviews also interviewed individuals interest in new positions (Hiring Manager).

* Assisted with training individuals to lea the skills necessary for the client/ LOB.

© Organized training groups as well as facilitated them

CO inwaccnieccmes| CRO naicuodeeb snaen le ecRian toad

08/2011 to 07/2012
Operations Team Lead/AT&T Consumer Mobility Company Name 1% City , State

Effectively oversaw all agent personal payroll processing, attendance, etc.

Efficiently trained new employees in company policy and procedure.

Consistently ensured delivery of quality customer service vital to sustaining and growing client base.

Sent an EOD report to all Operations teams that included an hourly interval report and informtion that pertained for that day.

Calibrated every week with all contact centers and client to review QA.

Looked at intervals to ensure the Service Level, Forecast Percentage, Abandon Rate, and calls answered were at the clients expectations.
Communicated with other Operation Management Centers to go over questions or concerns for the day.

Held meetings with Operations Manager and also with the client over Webex and phone to review results.
