INTERN
SUselccvena bine isla

Client Negotiation and Mediation skills. Client Relationship buikiing/management derived through experience. Probkem identification and Solution
Development Impressive management experience in systemization and regulatory compliance. Possess excellent oral and written communication
skills, as wellas, interpersonal skills among colleagues and outside vendors. Strong customer/client focus with the ability ascertain and analyze
customer needs. Result-driven professional who has a positive attitude that serves as a foundation to deliver strong sustainable results. Maintains
the skillfulness to envision new program conceptions to effectively network, collaborate, and maintain positive partnerships with staf community
and vendors. Compkx problem solving skills, compassionate, safety-conscious self-starter.

Education and Training
Prairie State Jr. College May 2012 Associate of Arts : Psychology City , State , USA
Govemr's State University December 2014 Bachelor of Health Administration : Health Administration City , State

Deans List (2014) Academic Achievement Award
Govemors State University 2014 Associate of Arts : Nursing Home Administration City , State , USA GPA: Dean's List
NHA certification

Skill Highlights
Cee volo besivoncer (ese melco ying
Motivation techniques specialist
(Xo niataeen bese vay
Conflict resolution © Cultural awareness and sensitivity
Goverment relations knowledge CUE eiheancg celta anesy
Patient-oriented
Personal and professional integrity
boat Eee yee em cesT eu atures

Professional Experience
Company Name Septerrber 2014 to July 2015 Intem
RSET

© Updated proposals in compliance with CME operational standards.

Developed a working knowledge of the continuing medical education department processes and fimctions at Advocate South Suburban
(mini

Helped to coordinate and/or actively participate in various educational programs, meetings, and lincheons for the medical staff
Developed an increased awareness of the southlind’s competitive market for healthcare services,

Maintained ongoing professionalism and strong interpersonal skills needed to achieve the goals of the department.

Developed a working knowledge of word and excel worksheets.

Executed all phases of credentialing for providers and facilities.

le aekucecantaineetnememacae antics OmnClitecr en eCtenene

Contacted providers/practitioners for nformtion to comply with all federal, state and local regulations.

Maintained provider files with current documentation for individuals and facilities.

Served as a source of information regarding the status of credentialing activities.

Assisted in the design and execution of programs that contributed to a [%] growth of the organization in the [year] fiscal year.Served as lniison
between managennt, clinical staffand the community. Ensured the accuracy of public infonmtion and materials. Established and maintained
positive relationships with government reguhtors, residents, families, other area health care providers, physicians and community at large. Worked
with state clients and stakeholders to shape procurements and identify opportunities for value added services.Contributed to and participated in
community education projects to foster widespread understanding of the prevention and treatment of illnesses. Incorporated evidence-based care
into practice environment to ensure high quality care for patients and their families.Kept abreast of advances in medicine, computerized diagnostic
and treatment equipment, data processing technology, government regulations, health insurance changes and financing options.

Company Name Jamary 2002 to January 2014 Real Estate Broker
Or SACS

¢ Manage daily operations in assisting buyers and sellers in obtaining financing and housing to meet their unique qualifications and situations.
© Networked with mortgage companies and other affiliates to bring closing in the housing process.

¢ Dekgated correct responsibilities needed for positioning clients into the right programs.

¢ Organized work schedule to achieve timely processing of all responsbilities.

¢ Maintained client/vendor database by utilization of data entry.

Company Name January 2008 to January 2012 Personal Care Attendant
State

OMe eet Mucosa Ra ete aunt er Retcrce Sn UL tea GE iee el oe emis Ce) om
