CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE
Professional Summary

Talented Customer Service manager skilled at balancing customer needs and company demands. Effectively builds loyalty and long-term
relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals. A sakes manager skilled in exceeding sales goals and company expectations
onnenecela ick en isuanllid hen RIccneke cer namcoan em Oraycacetbelsb as Nonlist) epireiuoms ell cmubMoiane

rat se eO Ny Renna e

Core Qualifications
CaS) volile4
resiiralboeall
skills
rae lice ce ince
Superb saks professional Store planning and design Strong communication skills Detail-oriented Personnel training and ls
development. Time management Proficient in MS Office Peon a
conflict resolution
Leech
Fivettnreoky sous ic
Experience
fet oritumsiaan copa \inesl(c

March 2015 to Current Company Name - City , State

Colkcted customer feedback and mde process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. Addressed customer service inquiries na timely
Pinecone BAe are ccc Eneunc ere Resch ior cenmib sence ORerceicm retire

Relea blac
October 1995 to February 2014 Company Name - City, State

Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints. Design
and impkrented customer satisfaction metrics. Completed weekly scheduks according to payroll policies. Trained all new managers on
Ore yruaastice Bree eM bl nce RIn aed omencclncliccelOomccaL AMUN Moen emia laine cing «ence ia Cot esl
meetings. Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands.Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. Received
and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing
cash registers and creating staff assignments. Worked as a team member to provide the highest Ievel of service to customers. Maintained
Fieonelatnesoeecs ta Caldas Morwtorm Con catntislel prcwianecimpich ecm arb erstalabe ete MiClnaoehicm Banpercul cen i
custoners come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal
recommendations.Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.

¢ Resolved customer comphints by exchanging merchandise, refinding money and adjusting bills.

Noes ioe uc ec icon em Os naNenLO neki aia gecnin cee Nonetkens Or rant nen ael cers cone icant)
friendly and engaging manner. Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards. Managed wide
variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Sirccb tee eictnct illic enous em ese ocslbone

Trained in negotiations and time management,

Determined staff promotions and demotions and terminated employees when necessary.

Gir cca mins ke noncke Rol terrence oS uP nomena ka oatveppedincs

Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory taking and reconciling cash receipts.

AN ccRe Oo AWUMIDRistramiesuom Om err sacele eile nenyeted erin ek
Oilcckaonedneanenjawanenguanecnesiuwineced

Designed displays to make the store experience interactive and engaging.

Displayed the appropriate signage for products and sales promotions.

Arranged items in favorabk positions and areas of the store for optimal sales.

SHO resb res unnlncte ye yrom Nanticoke ce “bcm cecn nica bine cesced ic) om

Conducted staff meetings with sales personnel to introduce new merchandise.

Researched current and past business performance using on-line systems and availabk reports.

Effectively communicated and coordinated execution of the plano-gram with store management.

Cr

Rea blanc
October 1989 to July 1995 Company Name - City , State

WE ce RXR UUM esi acs os vecomoatadece siconcca tac Tenel Oe renenlo en ck Ciriani eeoentiean ce
Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and comphints in person and via phore.

Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service kevel standards.

Managed saks staffof6 members.
