LEAD PHARMACY TECHNICIAN ADVOCATE - SUPERVISOR
schivor anes

Lead Pharmcy Technician Advocate - Supervisor

RT PAUSE ORO oa Men NNR ALO NEI HL Ce

Assist pharmacist in provision of phanmaceutical care by reviewing, colkecting, and entering data used by phanmacists.

Directly supervise the pharmacy technicians to keep a constant flow.

Accountable for managing the day to day activities of the technician staff, scheduling teclmicians, and providing staff development.

DO elbow GE ecme ms ier acae EE e URL RCE ecru ceded nesueini acs geMrclere EO naLAAiiee ie caceice ny
accordance with standard written procedures and enter prescriptions in NRX program.

Prepare pharmaceuticals for dispensing to patients by compounding products combining several ingredients afer review of calculations and
Presta etc hee ec icoems ae C ae L eet (otm

Assist Business Pharmacy Manager with daily drug orders for all accounts, over the counter, phanmacy retail and 340b.

Assist in inventory control, reconcile receiving and checking in orders as requested.

Stock medication on shelves, rotation of stock, check for outdated medications, and process retums.

Answer multi line phones, register patients and deliver superb customer service.

Case Management and advocate on behalf of the patient to promptly and effectively order medications from phanmceutical companies.
Conduct patient intake interview and applications upon applying,

Assist patients in properly completing documentation for entrance in to Medication Assistance Program.

Mena A LaLenly clan acclUcE Upc mRets sLeUnemiNom el cer) Meee MaTitg

Apply for such programs in a timely manner and track eligbility status for determined program, complete renewal process.

Inform patients with other community resources available for assistance.

Major responsbilities include but are not limited to leadership, quality, improverrent, orientation and training, and projects.

Compute in-depth mathematical skills necessary to accurately calculate fractions, ratios, percentages and totals.

Work in collaboration with the Director of Phanmcy to meet departmental goals and objectives.

Superb communication skills necessary to follow verbal and written instructions including the ability to understand technical and
pharmaceutical terminology.

© Filland Update Lists using the department computer, record keeping techniques including upkeep of inventory of pharmaceuticals stock.

Restaurant Manager
PAUL AORN PAL Ua Ore sctive hele tyne Nam HI

« Ensured that the restaurant operated efficiently and profitably while maintaining its reputation and ethos.

© Coordinated a variety of activities while handling the business performance to maintain high standards of food, service, and health and safety
fpeeniLc tO Ce

* Combined strategic planning and day-to-day management activities, such as shift pattern organization, particularly in marketing and business
Clave)

CEO eletb Roca ccm sicB OB cao em Ue ne Rete e een el OnR NTL PtKeacal (noe

* Developed weekly and monthly food planning and coordinating menus to keep up with the fast-paced, highly dernanding industry.

Clinic Clerk
Dever nowANU IOP Arun MAU @one scl aN rica y/ BONS ame el CG

© Promptly schedule or check in and check out patients for appointrents or make specialty and referral appointments.

Maintain all medical records up to date and send to other medical facilities upon request.

Collect, handle, and process medical insurance, accept co-pays and payments for clinic visits.

Set up new charts and prepare for the following day.

Assist in handling management fimctions to maintain a constant streamline Receive, organize and preserve vital patient information in an
orderly manner Make certain stationary and basic office equipment available at all times Maintain calendar for doctors of their visits,
schedules, appointments and seminars In house translator for patients, physicians and nurses.

brairestbeny

Bachelors : Behavior Science , March 2015 Bellevue University 1 City , State Behavior Science

National Pharmacy Technician Certification (PTCB) 2012-Present *Certification for Nebraska Phanmacy Technician : General Studies , 2012
Metro Community College i City , State General Studies

als

streamline, basic, budget, business development, Maintain calendar, Case Managerrent, charts, communication skils, customer service, data entry,
documentation, fast, filing, insurance, inventory, inventory control, leadership, Director, managing, marketing, office equipment, Assist patients,
Pharmacy Technician, profit, quality, receiving, record keeping, retail, safety, sales, scheduling, seminars, staff development, strategic planning,

EST ivaarecy ime Gunther st Mme Lelh ccm eccrc/ 2 Oem ual]
