CASE MANAGER/OUTREACH ADVOCATE
Summary

Adaptable and friendly Case Worker and team player with comprehensive background in crisis intervention utilizing motivational interviewing
techniques.

Perentens

Ability to interact with a diverse population with a compassionate
demeanor. Excelent interpersonal skills

Strong communicator

Culturally-sensitive

Solano

Skilled multitasker

Fast keamer

Polina

Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Outlook, Data Entry
and Power Point.

Accomplishments
Spearheaded cell phone collection program for survivors.
Received Employee of the Month on multiple occasions.

schivor anes
Case Manager/Outreach Advocate
June 2008 to October 2014 Company Name if City , State

© Caseworker/Outreach Advocate Use Microsoft Word in culination with Excel to create monthly board reports Responsibk: for entering
daily client data in the Integrated Tracking System Maintaining client files Responsible for maintaining client confidentiality Answer hotline
calls Charged with maintaining and ordering all office supplies Used Xerox and fax machine Prepare presentations for outreach events
Spearheaded cell phone collection program for survivors Assisted up to 15 survivors of dorrestic violence and sexual assault per week with
setting and achieving goals that lead to recovery and self sufficiency by identifying victim needs and connecting clients to agency services
Monitor client's progress with specialized agency service providers (e.g.

¢ housing specialist and employment specialist) to ensure client is meeting goals and to help minimize any potential barriers to success Conduct
approximately a dozen monthly home visits to identify changing needs and assess progress.

* Provide clients with support, crisis intervention, advocacy, information and additional service coordination, such as transportation and
dispatching Serve as the 24 hour on-call responder for one week a month muttiple times a year to provide crisis intervention and personal
accompanirent for sexual assault survivors Speak publicly to the Fort Bend County commumity and schools at least ten times annually
regarding domestic violence, sexual assault, and how to create healthy relationships Selected to collect and review all caseworker monthly
client status reports Coordinate and monitor specialized service providers (c.g.

© housing specialist, employment specialist, follow up position, etc.) to ensure client is meeting social service goals Provide crisis intervention

assistance and uses motivational interviewing technique.

Provide accompanirent as needed.

Conduct casework with residents to include goal setting regarding recovery, access to mainstream benefits, education, job training,

employment, personal financial planning, and other services necessary.

Oversee client transportation needs.

Coordinate programs for women including, but not limited to, support groups, employment and self-improvement.

Be knowledgeable of commumity resources.

Complete accurate documentation and nnintenance of client files.

Serve as an advocate on behalf of residents.

Complete Client Service Plan Act as child advocate (includes having knowledge of child developrrent, parenting skills, and dynamics of

family relationships; sensitivity to the needs of children; ability to respond ina constructive, supportive manner to the parent and child clients

in crisis; ability to plan and implement activities for chikdren; knowledge of the local network of children's services) Act as legal advocate

(includes having a working knowledge of Texas laws pertaining to furrily violence/sexual assault, as well as the justice systems; response to

family violence/sexual assault; be familiar with legal services, resources, and procedures availabk to victims in each county where services

are provided; assist clients in safety planning and re-evaluation of the safety plan as part ofan individual service plan; identify legal rights and
options as part of individual service plans) Complete a mininum of once weekly contact to facilitate client's goal setting and safety planning,

Participate in agency findraisers, community awareness and speaking activities.

Provide victim information to clients, including referrals to the victim assistance/advocacy staffas appropriate.

Demonstrate keadership, communication, and problem solving skills in a manner which encourages and empowers residents to seck

remedies for positive change.

Texas Works Advisor |
August 2005 to May 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

* Texas Works Advisor I Determined and re-evaluated eligibility for Food Stamps, Medicaid and TANF.
¢ Interviewed approxinntely 30 clients daily, accurately documented the information gathered, and verified case data to determine benefits
