PATIENT ADVOCATE

Summary
Compassionate and proféssionalA Crisis Specialist A who believes excellent peopk skills and open communication are essential fimetions of
successfil client advocacy.
Highlights
© Exceptional organizational skills cies Sani aad
aac naan -
SEES Cee rananta sua , prereeney con nse (raming,
¢ Proficient in NIMS and ICSA © Excellent interpersonal skills

Accomplishments

Effectively manage caseloads of more thanA 50 clients at any given time with Cardon Outreach.
Promoted to Case Assistant affer 4 months of employment with Chippewa River Industries
Received Letter of Recognition and Letter of Accomplishment fiom the MN DOC Warden for correctional excellence

schivor anes
I alvcr@tehruciiiel
Noverber 2015 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Created and maintained all patient accounts in Mpower and updated the hospital on any progression in obtainng Medicaid coverage.
Educated patients about the different types of Medicaid

Advocated for the patients on their behalf when working with the county to get Medicaid coverage.

Managed a caseload up to 50-60 patients.

Maintained patient privacy and confidential patient information.

Case Assistant/Job and Life Skills Coach
July 2013 to Noverrber 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Reported and documented relevant information as it pertained to the clients behaviors and their well being to the Job Developer and DVR.
Conducted comprehensive initial in-home and in-officeA vocational assessments prior to first wraparound meetings.

Dectiracsh ll Cian ceniorlrenb esr icon ony sow Mracd tor none tes Bice cccn recom

Conducted outreach, advocacy and rehabilitative services forA vocational cases and crisis intervention ifneeded.

Taught clients anger management techniques, relaxation skill, impulse control, social skills, emotional coping skills and fictional living skills
for successful community employment and life skills.
Created, "Job Coaching 101" and presented to new and existing job coaches

OPP ACHE ISICE NES Sens Saale
January 2012 to February 2013 Company Name i City , State

Promoted to Office Administrator in 2012 in the OPH prison education department

Supervised offenders within the education department andA kept track of their discipline/payroll

Proficient in the MARCS and Crystal Reports databases

Drafled memps and ktterheads for the Education Director using Microsoft Office

Administered TABE testing for offenders obtaining their GED/HSED

Coordinated the Reading is Fundarrental Book Fair for institution offenders as well as the offender graduation

Successfilly leamed the OPH Offender Education Channel media software, designing a custom schedule for televised education lessons
within the institution.

(eo ccre i Ceiiaag
July 2005 to January 2012 Company Name it City , State

Enforced resident behavior management system and wrote incident reports for infractions following ICS protocol.
Employed de-escalation techniques, verbal commands and used physical and mechanical restraints to address unruly inmates.
