BILINGUAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE ADVOCATE

alg

Word prograrrs (including Excel and Access), EPIC and other electronic medical records, and the database Efforts to Outcome (ETO).
Working knowledge of SAS and R.

schivor anes

Bilingual Domestic Violence Advocate Sep 2015 to Nov 2016

Company Name i City , State

* Provided advocacy services appropriate to client needs to a caseload of approximately 30 clients, through in person and/or phone contact.

Advocacy services included crisis intervention, risk assessment, safety planning, supportive counseling, and assistance in accessing
enna tee necm

* Covered on-call service one to two times a week, on average.

Orrcall service entailed serving as the first responder for intimate partner violence referrals from the hospital, as well as selreferrals from
fieekuerenrnrting

Documented in Passageway database (ETO) and EPIC as appropriate.

Utilized various clinical strategies in work with clients.

Provided clients with psycho-educational resources regarding interpersonal violence.

As appropriate to their desires, worked with clients to improve thoughts and behaviors utilizing coping skilk, including behavioral activation
PIB SCALE Meineke Late

Developed and kd presentation regarding basic concepts around gender identity, in order to increase program knowledge regarding
transgender and genderqueer populations.

© Presentation available at goo.g/dFT7at.
* Invited to participate in Brigham and Women's Hospital Schwartz Rounds (Schwartz Rounds is a nationally-recognized program in which a

panel of healthcare providers discuss providing compassiomte care for a particular case).

In this panel, other providers and I discussed the delivery of collaborative, traum-informed care to a transgender wornan of color who was
BEha ome erriliie Boeke mre) ates

Pkase see http//bit.ly/2n0VyiG for an article on this presentation.

Tntem Sep 2014 to May 2015
Company Name i City , State

Assessed the mental health, physical health and supportive services needs of up to ten children and their families per week by conducting
biopsychosocial assessments and other clinical strategies.

Collaborated with other professionals and agencies to provide traurm-informed care when a family presented with suspected and/or
confirmed child abuse.

Engaged with families in a strengths-based helping relationship in order to provide active referrals to various local mental health agencies,
COTM A UU CII MELLO Tiaras meleaicalCeice

Conducted weekly pediatric mental health screenings for children ages 3-21 who sought individual mental health services.

Participated in weekly Chikd and Family Mental Health Meetings and monthly Pediatric Team Meetings to discuss holistic well-being of
patients and their families.

Developed and ke presentation regarding issues related to youth and self-harm, in order to increase department knowledge around such
chess

© Presentation available at goo.g/Ea4QNR.

Corps Member, City Year.

Jul 2013 to Jun 2014
lena El CG

Mentored and tutored 7th grade students at Markham Middle School in South Los Angeles.

Referred students to Behavior Counselors, Attendance Counselors, and Gang Intervention Program Counselors when appropriate.
Collaborated with such counselors in order to assist students in improving trauma symptoms, behavior, academic performance and other
quality of life facets.

© Engaged in collateral contacts with family members to discuss behavior, mental health and academic performance.
* Created and executed extra-curricular behavior programming for four students.

Allstudents met City Year impact goals by improving at least one point in three or more character traits, as outlined usmg KIPPs character
PUL ecco) atm

* Proposed and directed a High School Fair.

Representatives from eight local magnet, charter and private high schools were present, and informational materials from three other schools
were distributed.
PACT eI rian CHinensieenGeliane(ae

Research Assistant Jum 2010 to May 2011
Company Name i City , State

Acquired and incorporated input from local community members into research.
Conducted, transcribed and coded interviews between parents and children (ages seven to twelve) regarding animal behavior and evolution
