ASSOCIATE CLAIM PROCESSOR/MEMBER SERVICE ADVOCATE

Trent

Affer 29 years' of working in an industry that puts people at the foreffont of their business, I have a proven track record of buikiing and maintainng
relationships and an impeccable customer service background. My objective is to continue to put people first, build strong and long last
relationships and to use my expertise in the customer service field, to give the customer an exceptional experience.A

aly

lis eiuecosred

tJ
5 sae © Strong work ethic
alae iussesenaibliaaaaaial © Working independently and ina team environment
© Teamcoliboration eens
See ee ce net Cece a ener
CRS ve newer Led
Experience
CREO Sta vons

Associate Claim Processor/Member Service Advocate Company Name 1 City, State

Receive calls from customers regarding coordination of benefits

Respond accurately and promptly to customer concems

Update system with additional insurance information

Initiate calls to providers to verify or request additional information required for accurate processing

Keep records of customer transactions and detail comments of inquiries

Organize customer inquiries to meet specific time frames

Examine new chims for pertinent information required for initial chim entry.

Evaluate and apply policies and procedures implemented for the processing of chins.

Review and execute request from intemal departments,A. providing feedback on findings

Research and execute adjustments on chims processed incorrectly

Resolve claim suspends by using the proper reference guides and systems for resolution.

Accountable for researching history records when determining claim processing issues and providing chim status to the lead processor and
STeoarceg

Review chins for Coordination of Benefits with Medicare, Medicaid, and other insurance carriers

Collaborate daily with supervisor's, team leads and team members, to provide exemplary service to our customers

ee ee ee ee

07/2011 to 05/2013
Chim Processor Company Name 1% City , State

Evaluated new provider and customer chims for information required for processing.

Identified claim discrepancies and determined appropriate resolution in processing,

Determined ifchaims should be retumed, denied, or adjudicated based on policy and procedure manual.

Trained temporary staffand new hire employees on chim processing, policies and procedures, and system applications.

Provided feedback to management regarding the progress of temporary staffand new hires and gave additional training and assistance
Arava raat iaes

Reviewed and resolved claim inquiries regarding under/overpayments, benefits, pricing and rate issues.

Manually priced chims based on provider contract and required information.

Participated in and tested new systems during implementation and configuration of Highmark applications prior to tumkey.
Evaluated and tested new or managed care software programs and development procedures used to verify that programs fiction
Blew ob cam reir any

Performed plan testing and produced status updates to management.

Systems used: TBS, BlueChip, IDM, ITS/Fonmats, BlueSquared, OCR.

oe

07/2010 to 07/2011
Customer Service Representative Company Name i City , State

© Managed customer and provider calls regarding benefits, eligbility and chins.

© Reviewed benefits for understanding of applications and benefits.

¢ Requested identification cards and Certificates of Credible Coverage.

© Colkhborated with providers in resolving chins issues in an effort to provide excellent service to our members.
© Provided timely resolution and callback to provider's and customers regarding concerns.

¢ Assisted members with online navigation of the BCBSDE website and assisted providers with NaviNet.

© Systems used: TBS, BlucChip, IDM, ITS/Formats, Avaya Phone system

01/2008 to 07/2009
Team Lead/BlucCard Host Adjustments Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Provided subject matter direction to team members and assisted with complex chim issues.
© Educated team on new chim processes, new and updated procedures, and system updates.
¢ Performed audits on randomly selected letters sent to provider's.
