PATIENT HEALTH ADVOCATE
Summary

As a Patient Health Advocate, I am highly motivated and qualified in customer service. By establishing a quick rapport and utilizing both a calming
and inquisitive style, I am confident that my many years of experience will prove to be an asset. I am secking a position that will provide a variety

of new skills and experience.
Skills
* Clint relations specialist ar 5
. ‘ f High customer service standards
uta sailed 5 © Call center management experience
CMe reolccme mero emltiab ety nee ications knowledge
ceded © Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite

Skills

Careful and active listener Professional and friendly, Multi-tasking,A A Computer Proficiency, Customer Needs Assessment, Customer Service,
Data Collection, Data Entry, Documentation, Email, Typing, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Outlook

schivor anes

Noverber 2016 to Current

Company Name City , State Patient Health Advocate

¢ Ability to motivate patients to utilize therapy equipment in accordance with their physician's direction.

© Combined skills encouraging complying with equipment utilization while facilitating an effective and efficient resolution that the patient
accepts and can adhere to.

© Manage all aspects of patient compliance monitoring for a specified regional and/or state demographic using patient monitoring applications
and resources.

* Use application to manage administration features, patient adrrinistration/data (loading and correcting usage data, creating or editing patient

Bie Preise ere es ccUli Ce

Conduct field office intervention calls to assist staff with specific patient support to overcome barriers and improve their therapy usage.

Create work orders and schedule patients for field office visits with appropriately trained stafk

Promptly and professionally respond to incoming telephone calls and emuils from patients, employees and referral sources.

Monitor patient concerns, patient satisfaction and grievance issues for investigation and resolution.

Assist management in developing solutions to better enhance work flows and process efficiency.

September 2010 to Noverrber 2016
Company Name City , State Senior Customer Qualification specialist

Respond to telephone, fax and EDI inquiries and orders from referral sources and homecare patients.
Document referral request for coordination of care.

Provide information on equipment supplies and services.

Assist walk-in patients with the selection of equipment, supplies and services.

Demonstrate professional etiquette and courtesy when interfacing with customers.

Resolve patient/customer comphints by identifying problems and coordinating appropriate corrective action.
Assesses patient needs and promotes company products and services.

Complies with and adheres to all regulatory compliance areas, policies and procedures and "best practices".

June 2010 to September 2010
Company Name City , State Customer Service Associate/Cashier

* Receives payment from customers for the purchase of merchandise.
© Operates a cash register and manages cash to no variances.

© Provides service to customers.

© Processes customer sales to include accepting payment, packs merchandise and issues receipts and change.
© Maintains the appearance of store which may include, stocking and performing general housekeeping duties.
Prom au aOR EN man L

CO NAN E PLO LOIS OnomCN CRU cance

PEN cos cPeO nicnicnsumuc@iuemcasn ete: Kuaelad

© Duties included maintaining daily statistics of the unit and monitoring daily performance of service representatives and providing constructive
criticism to help them improve their skill.

Serve as a resource to others in the resolution of compkx problems and issues using ACSES software.

Bi-weekly submission of payroll.

Hire new employees and administer disciplinary action up to and including termination.

Supervise the daily activity of the call center policy and procedures.

April 2006 to November 2008
Company Name City , State Case Manager
