GRADATION CANDIDATE ADVOCATE
Executive Summary
High-energy Manager successful in building and motivating dynamic teams. Cultivates a company culture in which staff members feel comfortabke
voicing questions and concems, as well as contributing new ideas that drive company growth.
Versatik child advocate professional with over 5 years experience working ina student-focused leaming environment helping students improve
their literacy.
Core Qualifications

CO varltorpisiscasnasd

CMiiguatsyeieng

© Inventory contro!

CRN nsosrs ein ensbani

© Sound judgment

© Computer-savy
Professional Experience
Gradation Candidate Advocate Mar 2016 to Current
Company Name i City , State Served as mentor to junior team members. Routinely met with students’ parents regarding in-class issues and
keaming interruptions to discuss solutions. Developed and implemented interesting and interactive leaming mediums to increase student
understanding of course materials. Employed [activities] and [techniques] techniques to encourage student leaming and build community within the
classroom. Interviewed clients individually and with families to determine what services would best address their needs. Retrieved requested files
and delivered to appropriate personnel,
Scout Master Jan 2012 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Tutor and Supervise Chikiren ages 5-14.
¢ Planning and Orchestrating various trips and activities.
© Mentoring / Coaching,

Departrent Supervisor Jan 2011 to Mar 2016
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Maintain outstanding customer service as per Company standards, generating sakes, merchandising and safeguarding company assets.

¢ Ensure that each customer received exceptional service by providing a friendly environment, which included greeting and acknowkedging
escuuesiratiagtneseacersly chants

* Handk cash, check and credit transactions at register and bagging merchandise.

© Use selling techniques such as add on sales and describing technical information to customers to enhance salesmanship and reach store and
position sales goals.

* Played a rok in processing, replenishing, and organizing merchandise before and after store hours and monitoring floor stock.

Contributed to efforts to maximize proceeds, minimize loss and improve customer satisfaction.

CPCS ISIE oom lehcmeloe ab ATislicr Lene BUNCE Mier eeirEtoe

Warehouse Material Handler Jan 2008 to Jan 2010
Company Name i City , State

* Distributed and assisted in weekly inventory of product.

© Received and processed large shipments of merchandise.

© Printed labels and loaded orders for delivery.

© Identified and organized appropriate orders according to cart system.

Promotions Manager Jan 2007 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Utilize online social media networking sites to promote events.

® Create and increase public awareness of entertainment events by canvassing the Metro Athnta area.
CP ACOOS bet bce esti ceen

© Promote social nightlife in Atnta University Center.

Aimee ace wid Olay aU Mle RORnMAN EL]

Company Name i City , State

CR gcsicleetBlcrism Ores eleynie
© Verified and reserved records of incoming and outgoing shipment.
© Utilzed knowledge of shipping procedures to control shipping quality.

brairestbeny
Bachelors of Science , Physical Education 2010 University of South Carolina i City , State Physical Education
Personal Information
