CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE
Ritanenstag

Detail-oriented Administrative/ Clerical support with extensive experience performing medical clerical duties and supporting 5 physicians in a busy
medical office. Expertise includes with excellent commumication skills demonstrated byl 8 years of experience, verifying insurance coverage,
records reviews and schedule maintenance.

Ashanti
¢ Results-oriented ¢ Excellent communication skills
© Maintains strict confidentiality ¢ Teamplayer with positive attitude
PRE abat ator Con tenths crt MMS A Cen eet

Experience
LOTS omaa cPanel
May 2014 to Current Company Nanw 1% City , State

© Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries by Medicare Part B providers

¢ Exphin Medicare Part B chim denials and how to correct chim for payment.

¢ Provide reference and resource material to providers and conduct research into some denials

© Verify and confirm beneficiary eligbility in Medicare Part A and B.

© Strictly followed all federal and state guidelines for release of information.

¢ Examined diagnosis codes for accuracy, compkteness, specificity and appropriateness according to services rendered.

Customer Service Representative
Septerrber 2013 to May 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

OURO ee ORC he ince Rln aa E eal eB Cc O08

Exphining current Medicare D drug phn to members

Taking medication refill orders

Researching plan design copay structures and formulary change

eel oto mneanel ners e esau oo

Providing information regarding changes to Medicare Part D drug plan structures Providing Medicare mandates procedures and updates.

Surgery Scheduler
March 1999 to June 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Efficiently performed insurance verification and pre-certification and pre-authorization fictions.

© Sending redetermination to insurance both private and government for surgical procedures

eCommerce AND LC han Reon iin meen Deny ech Ven CROUCH ct@ulonrs lene rouicinceenlemmnie
scheduled and necessary

Arrange and schedule pre-operative test for patient and maintains operating room schedule instructions, as directed by physicians.
Contact patient to remind of post-operative instructions, as directed by physicians.

Working knowing in Star Panel, Epic Hyperspace, and other systems

Verify patient eligibility, coverage for procedure, obtain pre-certifications, authorizations for procedures and tests ordered by physician.
Notify and forward paperwork for insurance certification to Billing Office and obtain additional paperwork ifneeded for compliance.
Responds to written and telephone inquiries ftom carriers regarding surgeries

oN Ota cee CtcROR MeN nS ecee eras gcabcd Mis tea eMbiezenied mi Lanesckuon enor iste]

Office Assistant III
February 1996 to March 1999 Company Name 4 City, State

© Responsible for printing daily schedules to pull medical records for clinic appointments and surgeries.

© Recorded and filed patient data and medical records

Palen nin coxc ca arene ung nem be Cm tea Buona mibs canon relibccucea isn!
© Performed various administrative duties, including data entry and document preparation.

¢ Eliminated outdated records on annual basis by sending the records to be scanned

¢ Assisting medical students, doctors, nurses and secretaries archival retrieval

Ce ee chemo ese Resale Cb rate ome item

leoraltt
January 1995 to February 1996 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Developed and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.

© Printing daily scheduks, pull medical records for clinic.

© Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate for appointrents and surgery.
¢ Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
