CHILD PERFORMER WELFARE ADVOCATE

Summary

Administrative professional offering excellent commumication and computer skills. Meets deadlines and works witha high level of multicultural
awareness and adaptability,

PS hrania ney

S KILLS Critical thinking Business correspondence Attention to detail Filing and data archiving Report developrent Physician billing Types 50
SUE con dco nceneeay buco RO ee CRON mCann cn USM Neeser eR ACTER Uy a aTle

Experience

Company Name January 2011 to August 2012 Child Performer Welfare Advocate

City , State Responsible for welfare of child performers on a major network television production. Advocated and insured that the child
perfonrers were treated properly by fellow cast, crew, producers and directors. Kept proper time records for amount of time each child
performer was on camera as well as off camera, to insure that they were not overworked. Responsible for as many as 9 principle child performers
and 40 background child performers at one time. Education tutoring for a child performer to make sure the child was able to keep up with their
education whik away from the school setting,

Company Name February 2007 to February 2007 Managed executive

City , State PC - Savannah, GA Checked patients in and out ofa busy cardiology practice with 6 physicians Scheduled in house appointments,
outpatient testing procedures and referrals to outside physicians. Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incomplete
patient charts. Audited new custonrr files to verify medical necessity and satisfaction of coverage criteria. Kept organized documentation of
medical insurance prior authorization information for office of 6 physicians. Improved timely paying of bils by developing flexible payment plans for
patients. Managed hundreds of accounts patient accounts and insured timely payment of accounts Managed executive calendar and for physicians
Oo NAN epes UEheIMALU ROB ace MAUI O ei cinm Cooiirae

City , State Oversaw daily office operations for a busy Optometry practice located within an Eyeglass World. Administrative tasks to included the
checking in and out of patients, collecting all necessary paperwork and insurance information, and maintaming the appointment calender as well as
(eee MO atecae cite wba mee Obed hee oMeN gL CCR RCM CUE nance neal nrccncmrrta incre
Pee om Oui kawou conn Coe nas aes og com Oeil CRU RCC emi cecenick eines remre natn se Oml rane een
Maintained and facilitated the outside referrals of our patients to other providers.

July 2001 to April 2005 Bridal Consultant/Sakes Associate

City , State and Mount Pleasant, SC Worked directly with bride and groom to determine their needs and wants and help them register for gifts.
Kept a database of preferred vendors and helped bride and referred bride and groom to vendors. Followed up with bride and groom after
wedding date to facilitate the completion of gift registry. Helped coordinate and run local bridal shows. Greeted customers and ascertained
customers’ needs. Answered questions regarding the store and its merchandise. Helped customers with questions, problems and comphints in
person and via telephone. Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with accuracy. Stocked shelves and supplies and
Oem OER o crn P ROR TCn Pavol evel es aii eiiem Pate uci ealsCiram aici) ee eno Ty
friendly greetings and excellent service. Trained and served as a peer coach for new sales associates.

Education

Anerican Military University 2009 Bachelor of Arts : Criminal Justice City , State , US 2009 Bachelor of Arts: Criminal Justice American Military
LOT onsite coral

Appalachian State University 2004 Bachelor of Science : Criminal Justice City , State , US 2000-2004 Bachelor of Science: Criminal Justice
Appakchian State University - Boone, NC

Military Experience

Company Name February 2007 to March 2006 ABC Studios/Anny Wives Television Production - Charleston, SC Responsibk for welfare of
Coe RE om aena outed red ba com ulmi bicnied)salnxanl suave uorat ecb etme ol gena
crew, producers and directors. Kept proper time records for amount of time each child performer was on camera as well as offcamera, to insure
that they were not overworked. Responsible for as many as 9 principk child performers and 40 background chil performers at one time.
Education tutoring for a child performer to make sure the child was able to keep up with their education while away from the school setting,
WU ROL PAUU SY ce hesl eco tl eer La ele Aer AN ORES Nt mee Louccehiccncpibieki ane wget oa
PMLA Rel ca a ccbip remo re LnNCM HL ona ug yess ue bie eerie Oren «hl iis asic Recl(ae Marae cata}
and pulled medical records for appointments and incompkte patient charts. Audited new customer files to verify medical necessity and satisfaction
Reo uearm Cone a Kemal ereelbicrcncsuromiilise lca eb omaek ae orm ic ae Rtn aig
paying of bills by developing flexible payment plans for patients. Managed hundreds of accounts patient accounts and insured timely payment of
accounts Managed executive calendar and for physicians 03/2006 to 02/2007 Optometry Technician Eyeglass World, LLC - Savannah, GA
Oversaw daily office operations for a busy Optometry practice located within an Eyeglass World. Administrative tasks to included the checking in
and out of patients, collecting all necessary paperwork and insurance information, and maintaining the appointment calender as well as the
Optometrist schedule. Patient care to include pretesting of patients with use ofan autoreffactometer, Intraocular pressure machine and knsonxter.
Ondered eyeglasses and contact lenses for patients. Coordinated with vendors in the ordering of supplies and sampkes for the practice. Maintained
and facilitated the outside referrals of our patients to other providers. 07/2001 to 04/2005 Bridal Consultant/Sales Associate Belk - Boone, NC
and Mount Pleasant, SC Worked directly with bride and groom to determine their needs and wants and help themregsster for gifs. Kept a
Chloe cate Rian OE n eta noe don rine B al oncehorecrincBueen onion cma ciar Rn ecru ceniey omince er ieenlCl
to facilitate the compkction of gift registry. Helped coordimate and rum local bridal shows. Greeted customers and ascertained custoners' needs.
Answered questions regarding the store and its merchandise. Helped customers with questions, problems and comphints in person and via
telephone. Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with accuracy. Stocked shelves and supplies and organized
displays. Organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store. Developed positive customer relationships through friendly
greetings and excellent service. Trained and served as a peer coach for new sales associates.

Skills

Associate, Cash, Cash Register, Credit, Credit Card, Database, Greetings, Its, New Sales, Sales, Sales Associate, Sales Associates, Telephone,
