ADMINISTRATION ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Professional and knowledgeable Receptionist versed in administrative support and customer service. Offering over 10 years of experience
mmnaging company reputation with customers. Highly efficient and accurate with strong planning, problenrsolving and communication skills.

Knowledgeabk and professional Receptionist skilled in administrative support and customer service. Bringing 10+ years of experience managing
SHIA orateet MB perme ae) eC

Adaptable Administration Clerk with expertise in managing emails and phone calls for various departrents. Highly skilled in editing and
proofreading correspondence and documentation. Ready for a new position that involves handling various tasks in fast-paced settings.

Smurt professional fluent in spanish. Energetic and knowledgeable in administration assistant. Considered enterprising adm assistant with ability to
PeneR RL ance Gccsltt se

Sil}
© Scheduling ;
Airey ert pers Md anarpins _
Cee ersten ese SEO ee Sle
¢ Budgeting ¢ Insurance chims
i ‘ Peers auieaisecinces ont
Ciao eetranaca(| ‘ J
. Nene i ¢ Appomtment scheduling
2 . .
Saco rnc. mane jesareea Ca
¢ Docunent retrieval PE Oicorremccar ec)
Work History

PX CePA OC ae MP Ra Lenricnd
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Transferred and directed phone calls, guests and mail to correct staff members

© Provided administrative services, including phone and email correspondence, making copies and handling incoming and outgoing mail and
Sie)

Managed office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels
Communicated with customers via phone and ennil to confirm deliveries and respond to inquiries

Kept reception area clean and neat to give visitors positive first impression

Completed and muiled bill, contracts, policies, invoices and checks

Maintained office supplies inventory by checking stock and ordering new supplies as needed

Assisted coworkers and staff members with special tasks on daily basis

In charge of scheduling, canceling, and client appointment

IG cuaulcncmlneeluouceklnonemunnesaciel nie

Pulled and filed client filed

Office Assistant , 01/2018 to 12/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Opened and properly distributed incoming mail to promote quicker response to client inquiries

Maintained and organize files and documents

Maintained and updated filmg of bills, bill payment, inventory and incoming and out going mail

Operated office equipment such as copier machine, fax machine

Managed cleanliness of office and refilled office supplies when needed

Welcomed and greet all visitor, screened calls, directed to appropriate staff opened all incoming mail and distributed to recipients
Supported clerical needs of more than 10+ assistants, including taking messages, scanning documents and routing business correspondence

Certified Medical Assistant , 09/2000 to 09/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Collected and documented patient medical information such as blood pressure and weight

Enhanced patient outcomes by providing knowledgeable education on procedures, medications and other physician instructions
Called and faxed pharmacies to submit prescriptions and refills

Documented vital signs and health history

Sanitized, restocked and organized exam rooms and medical equipment

Directed patients to examrooms, fiekled questions and prepared for physician examinations

Directed patients to examining rooms and coordinated transportation assistance as necessary

Gathered for, copied insurance cards and to collect patient information for billing and insurance filng
Obtained client medical history, including medication information, symptoms and allergies

Updated inventory, expiration and vaccine logs to maintain current tracking documentation

Assessed, documented and monitored vital signs for more than 20 patients per day
