SENIOR APPLICATION SPECIALIST
Urotecroral Riera

Highly motivated, results and detail oriented leader with strong communication, kadership, and troubleshooting skils. I have a proven track record
in increasing staff development with a focus on quality improverrent. I am seeking a position that allows me to implement health care improvement
feiuaccee rem ewuead titecm

Education and Training
Associate Degree , Applied Science June 1999 Robert Morris University i% City , State

Health Informtion Management

Healthcare Management Devry University 1% City , State

LOOT Ro eis elinetm Ensen etl’

Skill Highlights
CRS Vdichuinurteekaae ir ass
CU ol ab elec heer GCs LoleiLe face
CROs exe) tb on)

Professional Experience
Senior Application Specialist Mar 2014
(On tna N eine RONMENT

Mr araneteRenidarcicccte | otc acne tice 5

Create and test application scenarios, including interfaces and device integration

Qeeclicainman entre cm RCT sucRt oir cree.

Assists in project efforts related to charge capture, chins, remittance and cash management workflows

Support day to day maintenance of HB system Includes daily checks, investigation, root cause analysis, remediation, and process
improverent

Serves as the HB Data Courier lead

Provides on-call support during off hours

Revenue Cycle Trainer Jul 2006 to Mar 2014
(OO TaN hen YR OLN HIC!

oN emonanile inne cuiel roomie iraunireckyileobmraemsitcon ene ca ical yaa

Responsible for operational issues, resolution development and advanced integration through audit/review functions.

Conduct, deliver and arrange training programs for new employees and continuing education of current employees of the business office.
Evaluate old policies and procedures and update as necessary.

Acts as a liaison between the business office and technical staff in information systems to communicate issues and coordinate resolution.
Work with managers to develop job aids, improve accuracy and assist in improving best practices.

Conduct employee specific need and issue based assessments.

Participate in quality reviews of staff to identify issues and provide additional training.

Create and maintain training materials as well as Epic procedural guidelines and departrrental workflows.

Deliver cross-training programs.

Analyze workflows and system fimetions to enhance the correct capture of patient information, clinical charges and diagnostic codes, in
support of the ekctronic billng and collection processes.

Regularly evaluated employee performance, provided feedback and coached staffas needed.

Network Support Analyst Nov 2005 to Jul 2006
CO ota Nea ROL NaI

let uaa a cd icone curation at

Traveled locally and regionally to train hospital business office personnel on the use of ECare CMS system.

Assisted new clients in setting up their billng processes utilizing ECare.

Worked with programmers/analysts on problem related issues conceming the installation and upgrades involving ECare.

Managed Care Chins Auditor Apr 2002 to Nov 2005
COO nanny ROUSE HI

Led and directed managed care projects mvolving patient account activities.

Monitored bilkrs and collectors workflow processes.

CSS sibs uNcuetin en brarouistnoeene Rect ee

PCOS GSI UaCan neers nes eae ieee guTencl banter

Worked closely with staffto keep them abreast of current contracts, contract changes, billing criteria, reimbursement timeframes, and pre-
