SENIOR MEMBER ADVOCATE
Summary

To obtain a position with a corporation that can benefit ftom my highly adapted organizational, problem solving, and communication skills with over
fifteen years experience.Seasoned customer service specialist with background in providing advice on diverse customer situations.

Accomplishments

CREE oncoarinwcem aia cen ele Oe yeeciicbe el cintce remem c 0408
© Senior Member Advocate, over 25+ years in the service industry with halfof that in management.
© Exceeded corporate target for customer satisfaction for nine months ina row.

schivor anes
Senior Member Advocate Aug 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Take service complaints - store comphints and service requests - help members in difficult situations.
© Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.

© Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.

CEP Uccceul On eaea een he ince emi aac eee eR CCl Oty

Owner May 2007 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Eee eh Ten cICa tbat

* Party Planning - Updated Menu available per request.

CMe Zev rirccBaoneibrrsticaicieuem emm ernie cei

© Developed and maintained exceptional customer service standards.Optimized profits by controlling food, beverage and hbor costs ona
Gori aeacion

Project Coordinator Jan 2013 to Aug 2013
Company Name i City , State

Collaborated with other account managers to prepare and deliver performance updates and quarterly business reviews.
Addressed customer questions and concems regarding products, prices and availability.
Determined the cost and pricing of proposals and bids.

Procurement Specialist Jan 2012 to Aug 2012
Company Name i City , State

© Supervised material flow, storage and global order fulfillment.
DW olnohncdmleat loka e maue eckineka poe tess

© Oversaw special orders and affer-hours, urgent shipping jobs.
© Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.

Account Manager May 2011 to Dec 2011
Company Name i City , State

* Manage accounts for projects in the Semi-conductor field.
© Selected products for specific routes according to pick sheets
® Owned team productivity metrics.

Administrative Assistant Jan 2007 to Apr 2011
Company Name i City , State

© Government Affairs Manage account orders for the federal goverment accounts.
© Microsoft Office Excel, Phone Etiquette, US Postal Service Sensitive Security Clearance, Data Entry,.
© Dispatcher/customer care.

Dispatcher Jan 2008 to Jum 2008
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.
Compiled statistical information for special reports.
Created monthly reports for records, closed terminated records and completed chart audits.
