VICE PRESIDENT
Executive Profile

Accomplished at buikding and sustaining outstanding teams. Creates a team vision that supports the organizational vision. Skilled at tuming teams
into industry keading teams and developing team members into outstanding perfonrers. Develops imovative approaches to providing high quality,
cost-effective service that exceed customer expectations. Skilled author and speaker with numerous articles appearing in national business journals
and multiple presentations at national conferences.

Core Accomplishments

Attended CHIME (Colkge of Healthcare Information Managerrent Executives) CIO Boot Camp, October 2008.

Attended The EDGE program, The Executive Development and Growth Experience Program, presented by Baylor Health Care System
Talent Planning in partnership with Southem Methodist University Cox Executive Education.

Graduated May 2010.

Information on numerous additional educational programs attended available upon request.

PAGtisle)cabeeib vee bcm

Uielectenponmaranecd
March 2003 to July 2014
Ceol ete Nt neE OMENS Lcd te c8

Chair of United Way Mental Health and Counseling Grant Panel 2009, Vice-Chair of Access to Jobs Panel 2010, 2011, 2012 Selected
Publications Selected Speaking Engagements Buikling a Clinical Engineering Department ftom the Ground Up: Cover story, Biomedical
Instrurentation & Technology, Novermber/December 1999 (co-authored with Larry Hertzker, Vice President with Arumark Healthcare
Technologies) Candidate Wanted: How to Find the Right Match for Your Department: Cover story, Biomedical Instrumentation and
Technology, MarclYApril 2003 Okay, So I'ma Supervisor, Now What?: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technolgy, January/February
2004 (co-authored with Larry Hertder, Vice President with Aramark Healthcare Technologies) Taking the Intranet Plunge: Create

It Maintain It.and Use It: IT Horizons, Noverrber/December 2003 Winning Hand: Playing the Odds with Clinical Equipment Service:
Contracts, Health Facilities Management, Noverrber 2004 Preventive Maintenance: A Look at the Big Picture: Biomedical Instrumentation
& Technology, March/April 2006 Benchmarking) Ghss is Half Full: Biomedical Instrumentation & Teclmobogy, July/August 2006 A Closer
Link (Open Device Integration Strategy): Advance for Healthcare Information Executives, April 2007 On Sculpture, Baseball, and
Benchmarking: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, July/August 2007 (co-authored with Larry Hertzler, Vice President with
Aramark Healthcare Technologies) Getting the Most Out of Your Clinical Engineering Department: Nurse Leader Magazine, February
2008 Carefully Measuring Productivity Is Key to Managing Resources: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, January/February 2010
Practical Guide for Successful Performance Improverent: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, May/June 2010 How to Manage
Effectively as You Climb the Ladder: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, July/August 2011 Vendors and Customers; Five Keys to
an Effective Relationship: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, January/February 2012 Find a Work/Life Balance With Your
Managerrent Strategy: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, August/September 2012 In Service/Support Debate, Throwing Rocks
Won't Help: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, October/Novenber 2012.

May 2008 to July 2008
OV ue Bene

Coordinated multiple medical equipment service departments into single system departrent.

Led effort to implement medical equipment management database that combined six separate databases.

Participated in development and implementation of autormted ort line capital acquisition request process.

Developed system-wide process for identifying medical equipment in need of replacement.

Merrber of Information Services Leadership Council Member of Information Services Communications Council Co-chair of Baylor Clinical
Technology Assessment Council Active participant in development of relationship with Medisend, charitable organization providing medical
eee eRe OR aua ooncoelnincmeaid onan me Url OR COUaM Ku amu s Viol MB et nese
lat ey silezee tines

Acted as primary contact for Baylor Health Care System executive keadership for information systems teclmology issues.

Directed the activities of Technology Operations, Fieki Support and Desktop Engineering, and Biomedical Technology Services.

January 1998 to January 2003
Company Name City , State Operations Manager

Participated in implementation of Clinical Engineering program that maintained a high level of quality and customer satisfaction whike beating
budget targets by $1.6 million, and estimated cost of previous outsourced program by approximately $7.5 million during its first three years
Kosice

PCS es nee UNE ES ets cere NAO MU nEe Maisie eraneck eee enue ent cece iala Niu <CoeRee iy sancti
information regarding department activities to department staff members and customers, and was widely acknowledged as the best intranet
site within Advocate Health Care.

Participated in successfull Y2K compliance assurance project for approximtely 35,000 pieces of equipment.

Participated in the development ofa Strategic Technology Plan for major imaging equipment in 2000.

¢ The Strategic Technology Plan was eventually expanded to cover all clinical equiprrent with a value of more than $25,000.
