SENIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE
Professional Profile

Over ten years of management and customers services skills in retail and call center environment. Expert computing and technology skills in
multiple software applications.

Qualifications
Sie Pestiiecsd
© Leadership Ce Oo lbnceelinsg
Calo) PER Ocneciinnecd
Cains © Multitasking
© Communications © Professional
© Customer Service * Microsoft Office
aaa chiesrates

Increased client engagement in all Active Health products and services sales by 98%, each quarter.
schivor anes

Senior Customer Service Advocate
October 2010 to Novernber 2016 Company Name i City , State

Provides daily leadership to customer service stafE
Identifies system and workflow improverrents to enhance the teamis efficiency.
Handks telephone and written cormespondence fiom varied sources.
Exphins customer/member specific plan of benefits along with member's responsibilities in accordance with contracted arrangements.
Documents and tracks all member contacts, events, and outcomes via appropriate systems.
Accesses information froma variety ofsystems and references including contracting and network system.

Ri iacinnaancelg
August 2009 to October 2010 Company Name it City , State

(Xr eletkech Aenea me arta cn enor emcee cee

Responded to customer inquiries and comphints.

Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking,

Reconciling cash receipts, or in performing services for customers.

Monitored sakes activities to ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and quality goods.
Assigned employees to specific duties.

Manager of Parts Sales
December 2008 to July 2010 Company Name i City , State

* Resolved customer comphints regarding services, products, or personnel

© Monitored saks staff performance to ensure that goals are met.

© Conferred with company officials to develop methods and procedures to

* Increased sales, expand markets, and promote business.

© Determined replacement parts required, according to inspections of old parts,

© Examined returned parts for defects, and exchange defective parts or refinded money.

Sales Consultant
ee oR OR rN Reon nna N En LO INES

&€¢ Assessed nutritional needs, dict restrictions and current health plans to develop and implement dietary-care plans and provide nutritional
Coley nares inem

&€¢Consulted with physicians and health care personnel to determine nutritional needs and diet restrictions of patient or client.
&€¢Counseled individuals and groups on basic rules of good nutrition, healthy eating habits and nutrition monitoring to improve their quality of lie.
&€¢Developed curriculum and prepare manuals, visual aids, course outlines and other materials used in teaching,

Recovery Specialist
January 2007 to January 2008 Company Name i City , State

* Received payments and post amounts paid to customer accounts.
¢ Located and monitored overdue accounts, using computers and a variety of automated systers.
© Recorded information about financial status of customers and status of collection efforts.
