DISTRICT MANAGER
Summary
Tam seeking a setting in which I can expand on and use my sales and management experience. I have a outstanding track record of exceptional

customer service, pro-active business strategies and award winning sakes. My passion is leading teams to success through employee engagerent. I
look forward to using my marketing and sales skills to work with and grow with your team

Highlights
Caer iatclnec sorte RiceANs/.e
© Trained yearly in Autism Spectrum disorder. © Staffdeveloprrent & team engagement
© Trained and experienced in the use of Basic Language and Leaming Skils (ABLLS). «Effective managenent of P & L for mutt sites
© Tam flexible and able to adapt and achieve my goals in various settings as I have meen tei oy
done in home, school and community. © Skilled in SWOT analysis
© Tamexperienced in methods of data collection including trials that are used to record = *_- Effective computer Strategic planning
the progress of the chikd. © and skilTeam building
© Direct and plan curriculum for camp programs and special activity days ina creative * [Report type] reports expert
manner. © Multi site operations
© Work with chikren, families and staff © Multi unit operations management
© Communication skills include speech, written reports and graphs showing achieved CSeVi@vc enh ot
(hejteuhsecm ¢ Relationship building
© [have an enormous amount of patience which I have found to be very usefill in © Qunantifiabk revenue increases
working with any population of children, especially those children diagnosed with © Is for every day use to track and record labor
yAAviSHl UC ISeM NLS Cr Tse reu knelt
© [have hold district and regional awards for effective management of labour, revenue business
and over all productivity. © Strategic plaming and problem resolution
¢ [have computer knowledge and skills that I use every day to record and track © Outstanding customer service
expenses, labour and all aspects of the business. © Hiring, coaching and developing high
* Tenjoya chalknge and often set goals for my selfand staffabove that of the performing tears
company.
Accomplishments

© Tamsecking a setting in which I can expand on and use my sales and management experience. I have a track record of exceptional
customer service, pro-active business strategies and award winning sales. My passion is leading teams to success through employee
engagement. I look forward to using my marketing and sales skills to work with and grow with your team

© Spearheaded an employee engagement program, resulting in employee and costumer retention. Boosted customer satisfaction ratings by
10% in under 9 months.

© Grewrevenue by 20% over previous year in my first year by spearheading development of high quality service delivery, employee
fonescomunea laid trea Lecce NEL ae

© Took three under performing stores from negative EBITA to positive EBITA performance in under 12 months.

schivor anes
District Manager Mar 2012 to Current
Company Name i City , State

My responsibilities as a district manager for Knowledge universe included overseeing 6 early child education centers located in Long Island New
York. During my two years with Knowledge Universe I focused my district around improving financial results, elevating program quality & brand
recognition and building team engagement. accomplishments while at Knowledge universe include moving two negative ebita centers to positive
ebita ina 12 month period, opening a new center in fall of 2014 & five centers pursue NAEYC accreditation.

Director Aug 2007 to Oct 2012
Company Name i City , State

NY My duties as director of the Tutor Time center includes, caring for the health, welfare, diet, and nurture of the children whik they are in the
center; curriculum and program development; recruiting, training, and supervising staff to plan, coordinate and lead the activities and learning of the
Chik Care Center, and maintaining records. I also hold and maintain the NYS child care license. In the three years as director I have increased
revenue and enrollment at the school. I reduced the cost of labor and expenses by effectively managing the center.

Area Manager Oct 2012 to Mar 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

My duties as area manager of The Leaming Experience include overseeing nine franchise owned school. I amresponsibk for collecting monthly
financial reports as well as conducting audits of child care manager, bank deposits, and employee & student files. Working with the franchise
owners I set financial budgets & enrollment goals for each of my nine schools. I evaluate the centers to ensure the TLE brand is represented and
mmintained to company standards. I review the monthly director report & approve school newsletters. I support the school in licensing compliance.
Taddress parent comphints & concems. I set marketing goals and provide support in touring & enrollment.
