CUSTOMER SUCCESS ADVOCATE
Professional Profile
Operate a register efficiently and effectively. Keep receiving area organized; maintain cleanliness of area. Assist all customers with any requests and
be abk to help customers with any questions about electronics. *Ability to work with customers and employees froma variety of culturally diverse
backgrounds. *Ability to analyze problenw/situations and mke well-reasoned decisions. *Communicate with customers clearly and efficiently in
eae Ee aceon neve
Qualifications
CP RSC LAR Sead) OD)
¢ Strong Knowledge of Linux Operating system and multipk distributions (including: Ubuntu, Linux Mint, CentOS and Redhat)
Se Us cnet a yor Lemar lunash ons
¢ Proficient in navigating and editing registry files
Extensive knowledge using and supporting Microsoft Office Suite 2003, 2007, 2010, 2011 and 2013 (includes: Word, Excel,
Powerpoint, Access, Lync, Livemeeting, FrontPage, OneNote, Publisher, Project and more)
¢ Extensive knowledge of instant messaging clients, such as: Microsoft Lyne, Skype for Business, Yahoo, Facebook Messaging, Google
BS Alco rima em
Proficient use of video-chat software, such as: Google Hangouts, Skype, 00 Voo, etc.
Extensive knowledge using and supporting e-mail clients such as Outlook, Gmail, Mac mail, etc.
bees Caass yok reke) geese ow ayo) 89
Extensive use of virus protection and virus removal software
Extensive knowledge in PC components and peripheral.
Extensive knowledge in building, upgrading and troubleshooting PC's
Proficient in mounting and configuring televisions, audio equipment and security systems.
Introductory knowledge in multiple coding/ programming languages such as: Python, PHP, Javascript and HTML.
DIE mony cem ub oeniannenilinexe varias onset «ker oRwulliebse reine cebrrsa nines
NTieea ener accom Nau DRC TEekMO ules bees)
Proficient in using mobik devices for email, Lyne and other tasks required

re ee ee ee ee ee)

brolae ane
LOT Tomer cucccw Ns heres
NO rome ROO tnicn eGo snaked

CUP NONaC RU Noose Muy Rec ecmy enna iaacin intron haya
© Monitor chat and ticket queue.
* Escalation of tickets/chats to tier II support team when needed.

Technology Support Specialist
June 2013 to November 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Oversee classroom operations; assist with classroom projectors and computers.

Install, maintain and upgrade computer hardware, peripherals and software in the CentraSouthem NAU Extended Campuses region.

Assist users via Lyne, telephone, ermil, and in person to troubleshoot and find solutions to problems with computer hardware, software,

equipment and other computer issues.

Install, upgrade, maintain and configure anti-virus applications for Faculty, staffand students to maintain full virus protection.

Be a constant support for classrooms / Faculty with computer, projector and network probkens.

Also be a continuous resource for all general technical questions.

Modify existing television or computer equipment to adapt to special needs.

Work directly with Faculty, students and staff to support distance education.

Provide strong input on requirements for chssroomand computer lab equipment.

Assist with maintaining and creating new documentation for processes used across the state for computer labs, classrooms and user

machines.

¢ Determine required hardware upgrades and mmke recommendations based on the user's needs.

© Coordinate with NAU ITS department for academic computing, network infrastructure support, Faculty and other support units for client
applications and distance education.

© Identify and assist in investigating issues and circursstances and provide recommendations and alternatives to difficult situations/question
cel) Sn LOTR ICH

¢ Maintain and create documentation for processes used at statewide campuses for computer labs and users.

Proficient in using the program "Ghost" to install images on lb and user machines Monitor NAU's Task Management Environment and

Ae LAST One er ne Ry een ua CHR oes com rnlelem

PCS G PICA MOM Al ad eliieliesnre ies

Mounted/mstalled 25 projectors, set up offices for Faculty and Staff

PASePoi ro ecriglren sR NeLciiLeioeipe ke scCree tice

Proficient in the use of Active Directory, Diamond and PostGhost Database.

Ability to work with people of culturally diverse backgrounds.

Ability to efléctively prioritize, use good judgment, and to make effective use of time.

Demonstrated initiative and productivity while working independently.

r

ee ee
