REGISTERED NURSE CLINICAL CARE COORDINATOR- FIRST AID

Professional Background

To obtain a position as a registered nurse where my experience and leadership skils can be utilized to provide a positive and effective team
environment resulting in excellent patient care and satisfaction. Able to quickly adapt to new environments and Newbom education situations.
Specimen colkction/processing proficiency Effectively able to triage critical situations. Excellent commumication skills between multiple Exceeds
Ue ease Ria Br kelianigsi Uaioe vem elo enor omni Eolir oni gnituaeacitioneatnas el Kal seg cess Octet melon eT]
independent decision-making Disciplined, energetic employee who quickly ability consistent with medical protocols, establishes rapport with
patients and colkagues.

Professional Experience

05/2015 to Current

OUTS nee @ he cs LOrlee@uo rele Oem TeV kOe yg N Tay O NRE ET

Provided leadership to staff through coaching, mentoring and remodeling in order to achieve high quality patient care ina safe and customer
focused environment Provided clinical expertise and a resource to clinical staff.

Worked closely with management, physician leadership, and staff to optimize patient flow and improve patient care.

eet cnercarannalee la Oana seis rane ean Cenc nat Tuo Tee oes ERC ange eat eom
eit irereaba(naleele oR eneniolein Pei Seabee cen cnat Toa sure S eee RC ange entree
erate A ec em ICTs MAM Lov un ah Cete mc Cone clita

Abk to independently demonstrate problem solving, critical decision making, and utilizmg appropriate resources.

Abke to demonstrate appropriate action and take a lead role in emergency situations.

Supported a safé environment for patients and associates through effective monitoring or staff compliance to established standards of care,
policies and procedures and HIPAA compliance.

© Maintained an effective process for mventory control and medication supply utilization.

SPAN Soe Otani
Clmical Supervisor / Registered Nurse Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Managed Day-to-Day operations Device- related adverse events training Medical equipment maintenance and certification Vaccine
inventory and reports Clinical staff scheduling Performance reviews Chart audits Clinical evaluations Maintained current employee files for
Cie ni e@er acho ie Cora Rind sRieterectine nei esau ecw. arte LOSI sh Olu Scns ats
Maintained staff communication (i¢., held staff meetings, prepared monthly memos- improveents/accomplishments) Responsible for first,
second and weekend shifts Oriented/rained new clinical staff Coordinated communication between departments Worked directly with the
owners of the practice Delegated clinical staff, as needed Prepared patients for the doctors: performed nurse triage, obtained vital signs and
Caneel Peete Cumann ace Olgas nm ane tr cnclrermnila cell rece
collection, starting I.V.'s, preparing patient samples to be sent out to the hb, performing blood draws, bilirubin blood draws, performing and
sending newbom screens, administering oxygen and/or oxygen with nebulizer treatments, organizing and setting up admissions to the
hospital, making follow up phone calls per doctor request, filling out requisitions for tests, giving instruction for medication to be given at
home- inhalers, nebulized treatments Assist doctors with ordering medical tests, with procedures, and preparing and exphining medications
Pier eee Sona eres LE emo ice a onenach eluant yeR cman Nocona bon tte
hab test results, reviewed results with the doctor, and contacted patients as necessary Developed and maintained quality care systems and
SEn La siMneras ince GOMarclure mi secs ceresQken woe Rey e reo Canine cotanco MeTet Britt ORT ce
nies cl Roles cin nn CO uacecncanmeenl cet otc oe nn eelelnonekt ened etiam cance arty |
checkout Coordinated and dispensed all medications on a mealtime schedule and at the end of the evening program University of Illinois-
Chicago College of Nursing Chicago, IL Women's Health Nurse Practitioner/Midwifery program the office or to reccive emergent
Die ea Eon Rerenicneg conga en ater ecb iting ine er CES usc khan <acbritanastysaxgsanet ets rlivg
and called patients for follow up medical protocols/guidelines.

© Managed team of medical support personnel.

SR WOneceie oaks tee oa h mvt am

© Trained 10 staffnurses to provide top-quality patient care.

© Headed on-boarding process for new nursing staf

¢ Interviewed patients to obtain medical information and measure their vital signs, weight and height.

¢ Tested glucose and administered injections.

© Provided necessary health education training for patients.

¢ Evaluated patients presenting with asthma, appendicitis, etc.

Nursing/Manager’s assistant Company Name i City , State

Ce yoo ceBiniesl en

¢ Monitored health and sanitation procedures throughout the camp.

© administered.

¢ Presided at all health checks and followed up on any problens seen in the Health Center.

raiTesthen trem bested

MASTER OF SCIENCE : MIDWIFERY University of Illinois- Chicago College of Nursing i City , State , US MIDWIFERY

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE : NURSING Illinois State University- Mennonite College of Nursing US Illinois State University- Mennonite College
of Nursing Bloomington 1% State NURSING
