PRESIDENT/CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Executive Profile

Chief Executive with experience in A offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team management skills. High-energy,
results-oriented Jeader with an entreprencurial attitude.

Skill Highlights

Ben eon tare be ny ally

Ure oum\yinisynanun’ Enphyee rehtions
Reguhtory Affairs Siti sti bucsetiecs

Budgeting expertise WW ati ccs ccueste Ener) icy
rN Staff Development

rN

(@ecw Keone iinet

Spearheaded successful compktion ofaA $5 million dollar Capital Campaign.A

Increased the overall organizational revenue fromS10A to $11.5 million.

Expanded Residential Services from twenty six (26) to thirty-five (35) bed capacity duc to community needs.
Maron ere nnd anunah Wun cd Ona coe Modena enon iitnitekccay ache e
Recognized by the Columbus Foundation as a Nonprofit to Watch n 2015.

eile onl benmarat acd

President/Chief Executive Officer Oct 2010 to Current

(Ooi ta Neinea RON TIC

EVM PAO Osco MAC ccs SU SOR enNctc Le peu to niae creole rir hAGoloneie cece npecm liberia
LRA Leole heed cisercribsl tee one Necker oee ke ccocmrsm einer kuibires Nonna et
Committee, recruit and orient new members of the Board of Directors to St. Vincent Family Centers. 4%¢ Provide information to the Board related
to finding structures, programmatic changes, and other pertinent information in relations to the operations of the agency. 4%¢ Monitors and ensures
all agencies programs for performance improvement, insuring compliance with finding source and accreditation requirements.

a%¢ Supervision of the budget process. 4%¢ Oversee or approve expenditures of fimds; or policies/procedures related to the expenditure of fimds.

a%¢ Directs the preparation of finding proposals. 4% Recruits, hires, and supervises qualified staff to fill positions at the Executive kvel of St.
Vincent Family Center, %¢ Provides opportunities for staff development. 42¢ Oversees the establishment and implementation of personnel
policies. 42¢ Serves as the agency spokesperson to clients, other community organizations, and the public. 4%¢ Identifies and secures sources of
finding for agency programs and muintains a positive working relationship with all agency fimding sources.

Executive Director (Ohio) Jan 2009 to Oct 2010

Company Name i City , State Columbus, Ohio 4%¢ Under the general oversight of the Presiden/CEO, the Executive Director was responsible
for the administration and supervision of the National Youth Advocate Program/Ohio. The Executive Director exercised effective influence and
management over all operational, financial and administrative activities including day-to-day activities and long range/strategic planning initiatives,
a%¢ Expanded existing services and developed new services and program that were responsive to the needs of the community within the scope,
mission, and philosophy of the organization. 4% Developed and recommended to the President/CEO policies and strategies that promoted and
enhanced the mission of the organization. 4%¢ Administered fairly and consistently all personnel policies and procedures in close cooperation with
the organizations Human Resources Department. 4% Acted as the primary spokesperson for the state programand phyed a key roke for
advocacy initiatives. 4% Achieved the financial goals of the state program by applying sound financial principks and ensuring revenues consistently
met or exceeded expenditures. 4% Developed and proposed an annual budget for approval. Planed and impkrrented budgetary corrective
action in response to unanticipated changes in revenue or expenses. 42%¢ Served as an ex-officio, non-voting member of the Advisory Board of
Trustees, and actively participated in all Board meetings.

Assistant Director Jun 2002 to Jan 2009

Company Name i'/ City , State Columbus, Ohio 4%¢ Managed and directed day-to-day program service delivery within Franklin County.
Responsibilities included: Management ofall regional caseworker activities, including oversight for Foster Care, Clinical Services, and Sexual
Odio odo ecm aur ohecoiarciuer Som ea eck Ola OM NEN ee lM cls om ule OMe B elias (omy op elise)
of attaining and/or exceeding outcomes and performance goals established by the contract agency. 4% Prepared and managed within the
parannters of the program budget. Columbus, Ohio 4% Managed supervisors with a focus on positive coaching and teaching practices.
Conducted meetings with assigned supervisors to review agency case specific data to ensure needs of chikdren and families are being met. 4%

WW otinhect eee ava eed ele Oko Snca ate arCOE Race cctnescounlaaNACUUMnMmccT a eb nneny sem stiles Te RSN cans Tere ey ccaed
and assigned new cases.

Child Welfare Caseworker Jul 1998 to May 2002

Oe Nea AO MND CHa MON atin Mm nell einer husuceir li Cenb oe eens emae eS emails ROialeRe OL atu y
which included: assessing service needs, providing case direction and performing personnel duties for unit, conducted interviews for hiring staff
instructed and trained new staff. 4%¢ Reviewed and approved documentation (quality contro); conducted case reviews and coordinated
paperwork and evaluated referrals for service and processes. 4%¢ Provided mentorship training for other child welfare social workers by assisting
in and attending court hearings, interacted with attomeys and in any other direct service fiction. 4%¢ Provided direct service through the following
