DRIVER
Summary
As a passionate and dedicated professional with more than five years of experience in the fields of law, linguistics and interpretation, I write to
apply for the (...) position with (....). I graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Academic Law fromJ.S.S. Law Colkge in Kamataka, India. I
utilized my substantial knowledge of legal practices in Kamataka, where I provided legal aid to civil societies, government organizations, and
impoverished community members on issues of child abuse. I developed vahubke commumication and managerrent skills while making strong
contributions to an important social issue during my time at the Legal Aid Cell

Highlights

Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint from
Aptech Leaming Institution.

Accomplishments

* Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint from
Aptech Learning Institution.

1AM FLIXILBEL AND HARD WORKING .

schivor anes
PPE a
April 2015 to March 2016 Company Name 1 City , State

PEA conec@oiieneningea

Asking them where he/she wants to go.

And sonetimes my friends calling me for helping them for changing their batteries.

And also to change the tires.

Server Fire of Brazil 07/02/2014 - till now Hold an important rok in the food service industry.

IG eatineeatco ieee Least wee

PN ineem OE ees ences LUNUrTE CIN La be icea eG RCL Ck easel ecm

Pkasant and welcoming as customer satisfaction and retention is my prime concem Ensure that the menu is available and in good physical
(eonelineem

Direct or escort quests to their seats.

Relation Officer
September 2013 to March 2014 Company Narre 1% City , State

© Compiled information for reports and filed documents to be distributed to related offices and provinces.
© Traveled to provinces once a week to assess the situation ofeach area and draft reports accordingly.

* Assisted manager with administrative duties as necessary.

© Translator, Legal and Cultural Adivsor.

Pini aarsiveilescannivpacc itd
RE AOR ORs Meme lian ct ce L ON mECT(e

© Provided live and direct translation between Farsi (Daro), Pashto, and English for American nilitary personnel in official meetings with
regional governor, police headquarters, ANCOP (Afghan National Civil Order Police), CDP (Community Development Program) local
chiefs, elders, municipality, Education Department of Kunduz Province in order to ensure security and implementation of infrastructure
PC hoUcRlM Ube talLe eins

© Translated confidential govemmment/military documents, letters of comphint from civilians, and other chassified information whik maintaining
exceptional levels of confidentiality.

© Maintained line of communication with management through recordkeeping and other administrative processes.

Case Researcher
REA ROR nee Reliance ce L ON mECT(e

© Provided holistic and comprehensive case management services to all clients.
© Maintained a caseload of families and met with each client weekly for up to 12 months.
© Input accurate and compkte client data into the agency database.

ultras
January 2005 to January 2007 Company Name i City , State

© English Language Center Puli Khungi, Afghanistan.

© Instructed English as a Second Language and taught students conversational and written English.

PEE Eirieetb lal aioe coos siot ran hraccketsle) aoc cnn Prete necc uit atce Omer creep geciec Rte niGrEnesrabeice Og
the course manager.

© Participated in professional development opportunities and applied concepts leamed to classroom and institute activities.

LEGALAID
January 2008 to January 2011 Company Name i City , State
