ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Summary

Masters prepared Administrative Assistant secking a position as Human Resource Assistant. Exceptional administrative skills, human resource
experience, and 13 years of experience working with C-suite executives.

BS ania}
Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point, Adobe Pro, SharePoint.

Accomplishments
Supported SVP through personal document managerent, calendar organization and collateral preparation for meetings.

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Administrative Assistant 10/2014 to 11/2015

© Provide administrative support to Director of Operations and Plant Manager including managing their complex calendars and making
domestic and international travel arrangements. Prepare presentations and assist in creation and editing of monthly newsktter. Prepare
Global Reports & compile Management Reports. Reconcile expense reports. Organize off site meetings and Career Fairs. Open, sort, and
distribute inmcoming correspondence, including faxes and email.

© Coordinate catering for hmcheons and other meetings.

Company Name City , State Administrative Assistant II 09/2013 to 09/2014

¢ Provided administrative support to Chief Academic Officer and VP of Research. Managed calendars for two busy corporate executives
whik ensuring deadlines and time Ines were met. Managed technology and c partner/stakeholder relationships. Transcribed/compiled
meeting minutes. Reviewed and processed expense reports. Coordinated Department meetings and trainings. Arranged travel. Performed
payroll finctions, such as maintained timekeeping information and processed and submitted payroll. Proofread and ensured company
policies were followed. Managed paper or electronic filing systems.

Company Name City , State EA/Project Manager 11/2012 to 07/2013

Provided system and project planning; and administrative support to SVP.

Estimated, executed, and implemented projects within the system.

Sictwce keene heen nem tiy ee ibe ates bam

Demonstrated superior skills in managing data and in using data to drive decision mking.

Trained users and answered questions.

Presented research findings to groups of peopk.

Performed needs assessments in order to determine the types of research and information that were required.
Served as gate keeper for SVP Managed calendar and made travel arrangerrents for SVP.

On ANE LO MEO CR ON oo arcnee Queer Pac crina tks PAL One one PAU Pa

Supervised corporate assistants and provided administrative support to SVP.

Performed Hurmn Resources responsibilities such as: selection, interviewing, hiring, on-boarding, training, and employee engagement.
Assisted with CEO search

Reviewed job performance issues with employees to identify causes and issues and worked on resolving issues.

Interpreted and communicated procedures and policies to staff

Managed projects for Clnical Operations Departrent Filed and retrieved corporate documents, records, and reports.
Usiet Enon ioKe nes risarsl cB Mimi Settle

Helped with departrental budget preparation.

Created, maintained, and entered information into databases.

Set up and managed paper and electronic filing systems.

Composed and distributed meeting notes, reports, and presentations using Microsoft Word, Excel, or Power Point.
FUinincctReellicna ream Uc leomTektc hab cas GlCetcs

[Xe rereteiB ic ihed oat iset te Lee

Reviewed work done by others to check spelling and grammnr, and ensured company policies were followed (proofreader).
Set up media equipment for meetings and web conferences.

Company Name City , State EA/Corporate Assistant 03/2001 to 03/2008

* Provided administrative support to SVP.

Managed executive's schedule and served as gate keeper.

Screened SVP's calls and assigned callers to appropriate parties.

(Avi lee ctcarbesmalnere sill ctbrectics tetas

Performed general office duties, such as ordered supplies and maintained records management database systems.
