VOLUNTEER ADVOCATE
Summary

Takented Bachelor of Arts Graduate secking to obtain an entry level Professional position withn your company. Excellent Customer service and
mnagenent skills are just some of the skills I have accomplished in the course of my experiences. Dedicated Bachelor of Arts graduate with a
doubk nujor in Psychology and Sociology also with a Minor in HealthCare Administration, and a passion to serve the community ina more
excellence way. Comprehensive professional background in education, administrative support and team keadership. Strengths: Proficient at written,
strong social perceptiveness through working with a variety of people. Exceptional clerical and administrative assistance skills. Research: Authored
muy research papers which required extensive research into statistics behavior within the social sciences. Thirty years of Clerical Administrative
office work along with exceptional people and communication skills. Energetic Administrative Assistance Support with 10 years experience in
high-level executive support roles. Organized and professional.

Dedicated and focused individual who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultancously and following through to achieve project
goal, Secking a rok of increased responsibility and authority.

BS ania}

CR becoxeyis
Conducted numerous researches on Psychological and Social behavior and demonstrated the understanding of Psychological eyiiec)
behavior in adults and adolescents, with an understanding of ethics and Social Responsibility, and demonstrated the isrearad

understanding of the relationship between HealthCare Ethics and Medical Law. Also proficient at written, strong social
perceptiveness through working with a variety of group projects, excellent oral and communication skills and exceptional Wotan

organizational and kadership skills. Pict eens (artll

Results-oriented
Qualified Data Entry, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel spreadsheets Self-directed
Meticulous attention to detail Time

pristiateainend
Results-oriented

Professional and
Self-directed raieced
Sota Strong problem

. solver

Professional and mature

FGM lpceB\ hs)
Strong problem solver etn
Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge es
eae beset cers (0)
Dedicated team phyer Dedicated team

player
Strong interpersonal skills Strong
Understands grammar Lyrae)

FS alls
Proofteading

Understands
ope enua teed ganar
Report developrrent Proofreading
Ramana Report writing

Report

development
RM Parecese@)iieed ie LLaL ad

Self-starter
Accomplishments

© Physiological Psychology, Abnonml Psychology, Sociology, Social Psychology, Contemporary Social Problems and the Workplace,
Social Research Methods, Statistics for the Behavioral and Social Sciences, Psychology, Cross-Cultural Perspectives, Industrial
Organizational Psychology, Public administration, Court administration and court report, Leadership and ethical decision making, Chikd and
Adokscent Development, Managing in Health and Human Services, Cummunity and Public Health, HealthCare Planning and Evaluation,
HealthCare ethics and Medical Law, Special Populations, Theories of Personality.
