COURT APPOINTED SPECIAL ADVOCATE FOR ABUSED AND NEGLECTED CHILDREN
Summary

Highly-motivated Licensed Social Worker with 7 years of experience working with children and adolescents in various environments. secks to
advocate, connect and collaborate with individuals and their families to help them overcome barriers that afléct their daily life.

Perentens

CMe Serarcaremiccseicemtcchinined
CMRI leb es esters ancy
Pe cok eL Orel ep Rien eee alc OA) LO cuiiat|

* . Excellent in organization and documentation
CREO eluncreeBe) unnedicatirang sty
cd
CJ

CR Ocliebiialettanaie Sd
7 .Culturally competent
schivor anes
September 2013 to Current

Company Name City , State Court appointed special advocate for abused and neglected children

Collaborated with Guardian ad Literrts, Child protective service workers, Mental health professionals, teachers and parents
Maintained monthly contact with my client and their families.

ialccbinemeheuceneciy ual a one ecccetnekannedeiss

A ice ekueluscaeice nemesis atic)

Maintained thorough case history records and wrote detailed reports.

Managed caseloads and acted as an advocate for client rights.

February 2013 to Current
Company Name City , State Emergency Medical Technician and Social Worker volunteer

CP COoavlikconinniigeeebrectedih on)
© Support prevention efforts

¢ Assist with local and major disasters

© Attend trainings and education seminars

September 2015 to May 2015
Company Name City , State Social work Intem

* Semiweekly, worked under the indirect supervision of the school social worker.

© Conducted individual and group counseling and provided crisis management.

© Attended both IEP and staffmeetings and worked collaboratively with teachers and parents.

© Individually created, followed and mnintained intervention plans and kept detailed narrative reports of my client interactions.
Assisted students with setting up outside resources and participated in risk assessments.

© Practiced cognitive behavioral and motivational enhancement techniques.

* Maintained a caseload of 10-15 clients, working under strict deadlines.

September 2015 to May 2015
Company Name City , State Social Worker Intem

© Once a week interned at the elementary school with the school social worker for 7 hours.

® Myresponsibilities included individual counseling, group counseling, creating and following treatrrent plans, following behavioral plans,
revetment mene creel laredtnics

© Presented case history material for review and discussion with other staff members.

© Evaluated and addressed individual client needs and concems.

September 2014 to May 2015
Company Name City , State Social Work Intem

© Under the indirect supervision of the school social worker, once a week for an hour, I provided individual counseling.
© Inaddition I helped create personal plans of action in order for students to concentrate better whik in the school environment.

January 2009 to January 2013
Oo ANE hao CRO NCE Oriie

* Provided daily summer and after school care for a young boy who has an autism spectrum disorder

¢ Completed summer school and regular school assignments, visited educational and physical fitness facilities, and assisted with behavior and
emotional problens.

© Designed an effective behavioral modification program
