FAMILY ADVOCATE

Summary
[Job Title] adept at identifying and documenting cases of child abuse. Skilled at finding and implementing the best possible solutions.
Highlights
¢ DCFS Child Welfare License
© Behavioral therapy
Ceo rtinats © Sound judgment
© Passion for social work
© Court procedures familiarity
Accomplishments
Managed a caseload of more thand fifty to forty-fiveA clients at any given time.
schivor anes
AU Gm er@ravans

Family Advocate Company Name iA City , State

© Recruit in neighborhoods that are close to the Head Start/Early Head Start centers that are below poverty level, in social services agencies,
Poe CE oes Olena ce ORO B ir CRORE GAs aBeocei ead eke neasaecB Om OVE LAe ieee lit lem
Assist forty to fifty-five eligible families in applying for Head Start/Early Head Start child care services.

Meet with families to find out their needs and goals, and refer families to services to successfillly meet needs and goals.

Encourage fanilies to get involved in chikiren's education by explaining to the parents that children's daily attendance is important to learning,
attending Parent Meetings, participating in Policy Council to be able to mke decisions in the program, volunteer in the Head Start/Early
Head Start classrooms, and educationally connecting with chikdren at home.

© Document families progress in the system ChikdPlus.

UPA EOL P201 09)
Family Care Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Handled ten dependency cases in the state of Florida and five dependency cases out of state.
Conducted evaluations on homes of parents, relatives, and non-relatives for safe placement of children.
Performed monthly home visits at chiiren's current residence to monitor wellbeing of children.

Referred parents to services to assist with case plan completion to reunify with children and case closure.
Responsible for being present at court hearings and reported the progress parents made on case plan.
Gone to multiple staffing to discuss the status of the cases and followed all recommendations.
Documented cases on program Home Safe Net/FSFN.

PUES ORS eL0 Lt)
Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

¢ Assisted customers in locating items in the department.
© Recognized for bringing in most sales in the department.
* Cleaned fitting rooms.

09/2002 to 05/2004
Student Assistant/Building Manager Company Name 1 City , State

© Signed in customers to phy pool
CAV lcvebieras im ue kicey
* Promoted to Building Manager for displaying hard work and performing well on assigned work task.

Education

pave

Bachelor's of Social Work Western Connecticut State University

Skills

child care, Council, government, Meetings, money, progress, sales, social services, staffing
