CONSUMER SERVICES ADVOCATE
[Osheue Oona ang

Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.

COR Tine nlics

© Strong organizational skills Cer eceinemoslis) aig

* Seasoned in conflict resolution © Visual merchandising proficiency

Cer ateteeiiciinegsells} © Fashion knowledge

© Energetic work attitude CRO rranieujelestig sleet vec}

* Telephone inquiries specialist = © Telecommumication skills

© Customer service expert © Invoice processing
Accomplishments

OO CM RUae
© Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Customer Interface A

© Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
CP COS Ia UneVamiimebeheb roc elie RU net Let ncee Demme Lenin eRe tc Ke

Database Maintenance A

« Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members’ information.
Product Sales A

PIO cae (os cen een m umn ourlemecars on ena emelilanae actin pecs bag eile cic
ORD LEG LEE’

* Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.

Aug oanan at acs
[Ovioni emiaan cece atenyeed(a
June 2014 to January 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

© Answered the phones, sent emails, placed orders, spoke with customers, went through troubleshooting tips, and trained new hires.
Helped the company grow into a multi branded company.

Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.

Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.

Developed highly empathetic client relationships and eamed reputation for exceeding sales goals.

Generated sales and inventory reports in Excel with data froma variety of sources, maintaining a 100% accuracy rate.

Prepared and sold broad range of customized merchandise to individuals and commercial accounts.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphints.

Account Manager
January 2014 to June 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Answered the phones, made payirents, spoke with customers, and contacted mortgage and insurance companies.
Assisted my agent in surpassing his sales goal for the month by $30,000.

Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mnil, e-rmil and fax.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphints.

Developed new customer prospects or referrak.

Executed outbound calls to existing customer base resulting in an increase in sales.

Generated leads for new sales through telephone and emuil contact with customers.

Customer Service Representative
April 2013 to December 2013 Company Name it City , State

* T answered phones, scheduled appointments, went through troubleshooting tips, and communicated with warranty companies and insurance
Psa

© Communicated all merchandise needs or issues to appropriate supervisors.

* Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders.

¢ Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphints.
