HR - SHARED SERVICES SUPERVISOR
Summary

Detail-oriented human resources professional who excels under tight deadlines, while anticipating and averting potential problems by proactively
streamlining processes.

BS ania}
* Professionals in Human Resources Association
¢ Excelient interpersonal and coaching skills
Ci Blan ececcnrancy
Pale tislvosl
© Hiring recommendations
© Background checks

schivor anes
LO ANE ON AE OCP Se she bce ccmnecsycom esac.

© Provides keadership development and performance managerrent to a direct team of associates focused on meeting call center operational
rei ecRIEeeesli@anie esti

© Engaged in strategic planning to identify milestones and targets to deliver results for performance metrics Assessed team froma Situational
Leadership perspective and built customized development plans to enhance areas of strength and close performance gaps to enhance the
overall performance of the department Partnered with associates to create and execute development plans to improve performance and
meet career pathing objectives Interviewed candidates and make hiring decisions of quality associates to staff the department to fill capacity
Responsible for providing analytical, technical proficiency, product knowledge for all Advocate H.R.

© processes and procedures.

Company Name City , State Operations Manager 01/2013 to 01/2014

© Accomplishing company's objectives by overseeing center-wide recruiting, selecting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling,

monitoring, appraising and disciplinng employees; communicating job expectations; reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing

compensation actions and enforcing policies and procedures.

Enhancing overall customer experience through call coaching and monitoring escalated call trends.

Coaching and developing to ensure all client support delivered per contractual agreements.

Enabled resolution of customer issues as liaison and facilitator for core team that participates in on-going planning and process improverment.

Responsible for 10 customer service supervisors and 250 customer service agents.

Achieving customer service objectives by contributing custorrer service information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews;

preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and custorrer-service standards; resolving problems;

completing audits; identifying customer service trends; determining system improverrents; implementing change.

* Meeting customer service financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing annual budgets, scheduling expenditures, analyzing
Sahiaticcom rem nltaiuieaue neste ete tce

© Determining customer service requirements by mnintaining contact with customers, visiting operational environments, conducting surveys,
forming focus groups, benchmarking best practices and analyzing information and applications.

© Improving customer service quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing processes, establishing and communicating service
metrics, monitoring and analyzing results and implementing changes.

* Effectively establish and maintain cross fimetional and cross-departrental partnerships.

Company Name City , State Action Response Team Supervisor 01/2011 to 01/2013

Resolved and/or addressed complex customer issues or questions, which included taking escalated calls from customers/associates.
Managed the Action Response Team fiction, ensuring service kvels and quality goals were met.

Analyzed department satisfaction results and proactively developed and implemented action plans for improvement.

Performed the full scope of talent management and development activities including all aspects of the performance management process:
performance and behavior assessirent, feedback, coaching, career planning, guidance, corrective action and training,

® Call observation and monitoring for individual, team, enterprise root cause and trending analysis Represented the department in over 100
projects that directly impacted the performance of the queue.

Company Name City , State New Hire Supervisor 01/2005 to 01/2011

© Responsible for stafling call center of 550 associates with 30 New Hire Classes (20 associates per class) within 2 quarters of fiscal year;

whik mintaining a 80 percent retention rate.

Provided New Hire Policies & Procedure and Customer Satisfaction Training to approximately 350 employees.

(QU retboe crs lenec oMintetciicet eta remem bance om Land ives

Developed and organized testing, training, evahution procedures, multimedia visual aids, and other new hire mterials.

Directed the development ofa comprehensive training strategy, methodology, programs and curriculum for management opportunity,

employee development and technical training.

© Performed administrative duties that may include tracking associates attendance, payroll processing, inputting assessment results, and
reviewing Knowledge checks.
