ADVOCATE
Summary
In-depth knowledge of taking orders, compute charges, and administer billing or payments. * Hands-on experience in reviewing, updating or
muking changes to customer accounts. * Track record of listening and responding to custorrers’ needs and concerns. * Able to handle returns and
comphints effectively. * Demonstrated ability to record details of client contacts and service history. * Proven ability to determine answers and
solutions quickly. * Special talent for handling irate and angry customers. * Proven written and oral communication skills * Proficient in managing
business correspondence * Ability to organize personal work priorities * Knowledge of filing and updating records * Ability to work
independently and as part ofa team * Excellent organizational skills * Expert in handling office equipment * Internet savvy with a proven expertise
PSM NEO rece ietyicme ec oO Hn eM Ce aiclte ME ce leGl Clg om cocsMlimurrenishianaesio aloes
Exceptional attention to detail with proven interpersonal skills

Skills

Microsoft Word

Microsoft Office

Microsoft Outlook

Microsoft Power Point

Microsoft Excel

Mostly Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word

schivor anes

10/2016 to Current

Pen Oo NANPA OLN MES IC

Respond to and resolve on the first call, customer service inquires and issues by identifying the topic and type of assistance the caller needs such as
benefits, eligbility and claims, financial spending accounts and correspondence.

Help guide and educate customers about the fimdamentals and benefits of consumer-driven health care topics to include managing their health and
well-being by selecting the best benefit plan options, maximizing the value of their health plan benefits and choosing a quality care provider
Intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the customer to assist with appointment scheduling or comections with internal
specialists for assistance when needed

Assist customers in navigating myuhc.comand other UnitedHealth Group websites and encourage and reassure them to become self-sufficient
Own problem through to resolution on behalf ofthe customer in real time or through comprehensive and timely follow-up with the member
Research compkx issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve customer issues and/or partner with others to
resolve escalated issues

Provide education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests

Meet the performance goals established for the position in the areas of efficiency, call quality, customer satisfaction, first call resolution and
Biitcrecipae

06/2015 to 10/2016

CSR II Company Name 14 City , State

© Received an award of excellent customer service Received "Year of service Award” Received 5 year award Received employee of the
month twice with Brookdale Senior Living Received "Consultant Sales Award" Received employee recognition 6 months ina row along
with a trophy of excellence and 6 other trophies with JP Morgan Chase.

© Iwasa Top Perfonrer for 2014.

10/2013 to 06/2015
Business Banker Company Name i City , State

As a Business Banker I provided guidance and assistance to business owners in managing their accounts.

I manage quality assurance, problem resolution, and a lot of data entry.

Worked a lot with numbers.

Tama Peer Coach in which I help train, guide, and motivate new hires.

Responsible for ensuring the client experience is work] class and that interactions/issues are resolved accurately and expediently.
Handk client email/phone call interactions of'a maintenance nature by retaining a thorough knowledge of the Policies and Procedures and all
systems in order to assist the client and manage escalated issues.

© Use a high kevel of client service skills in order to defitse potentially difficult and/or upset customers with complex issues.

Took the initiative to create escalation of any issue that cannot be resolved within the anticipated service level or one that creates risk or
exposure for the customer or the bank.

Identify trends within the escalated enmils/issues that lead to improverrent opportunities in policies/procedures processes.

Utilize time at work efficiently to meet or exceed production goals as outlined in the metrics scorecard.

Consistently perform follow up to ensure customer satisfaction and to validate the accuracy of work.

Was required to assist department in meeting and exceeding SLA’s by handling other fimctions when volumes fluctuate.

Research and resolve complex client's issues by working in partnership with partner groups.

Types of cases included fraud resolution, treasury solutions, complex account maintenance, internal relationship maintenance and billing
see Hess

Support field Business Relationship Managers in the successfil servicing of customers.

Investigate electronic transactions for successful resolution.

Use muttiple systerns and internal resources to resolve issues.
