REVENUE CYCLE ADVOCATE

Summary

Dedicated and focused Office Manager/Supervisor who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultancously and following through to
achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.Energetic Revenue Cycle Advocate with 20+ years experience in
high-level executive support roles. Organized and professional.

BS ania}
Calc lee ibaa lacna ;
Excel spreadsheets : Mollie
© SelFdirected i" vaneaneee
© Results-oriented Pe se
© Meticulous attention to detail : Heuer iil
. Se eae rn ee pe
, iano rhe CAC ccewaet sonciluen iene adie
een CeO stints gcecae tics}
« Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge «Insurance elgbilty verifications
© Resourcefil
Accomplishments

Coordinated all department fictions for team of 10+ employees.Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service
and team-phyer attitude. Successfilly planned and executed corporate meetings, inches and special events for groups of 10+ employees.

Planned and executed all aspects ofa major office headquarter move. Increased office organization by developing more efficient filmg system and
customer database protocols.Promoted to Revenue Cycle Advocate.Successfilly planned and executed corporate meetings, lunches and special
events for groups of 10+ employees.

schivor anes
06/2011 to Current
Revenue Cycle Advocate Company Name i City , State

¢ Planned travel arrangements for 2 executives and 10+ staff Educate and train clinics and hospital departments on Epic, Signature, MS
Word, Excel, Emdeon and Payment Manager system Assist clinical staffand office staff their assigned Work Queue. Monitor trends on
staff'and provide training & updates to company data base systems. Assist with patient account merge on Duplicate Guarantor Acct,
Provide assistance to patients such as Medicaid, Physician Reach Out & Financial Assistance. Planned meetings and prepared conference
rooms. Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes and send Weekly Status reports to all clinical managers on
trends, audits from the clinic WQ's errors from office staffand patient comphints Work Contested Work charges received from customer
Roses

Collecting self pay payments from patients and post in the Epic System Set payment plans in Epic Financial Assistance using Search of
Anrerica and On Point system

UTeU URLS GT
Payment Reconciliation Rep Company Name 1 City , State

© Research unidentified payments on Epic System, Signature, Emdeon System Payment manager system, and commercial insurance websites.
© Created PDF fies on Epic system Create naming conventions for electronic files in Epic Electronic payment postings on Epic System
Wachovia Lock Box Denials and electronic lockbox receipts in Epic Resolve unidentified payments follow up with Independent Clinics and
Insurance Companies for missing payment or unidentified electronic remits and paper remit.

Drafied meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences. Managed the receptionist
area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. Designed electronic file systems and
maintained electronic and paper files.Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the

building Maintained an up-to-Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence. department organizational
orale

06/2007 to 09/2009
Patient Accounts Rep III Company Name 1% City , State

© Insurance follow up for Denied Chins and Self Pay affer Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel fimetions and
calculations to develop reports and lists. Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.Isurance Balances Work ATB
report for insurance follow-up Work Dun level report for Guarantor/patient follow-up Work Bilthold Report for Guarantor follow-up
Appeals for Medical Necessity to insurance companies.

UPA]
Medical Insurance Specialist III Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Insurance follow-up, customer service, served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building Made
