SHELTER ADVOCATE
Ao encta

PT Loken Mona Rent ie er elt experience that is great with communication skills and confidentiality. I am very experienced with
Computers and a tremendous amount of office skills.

Shen rane
* Crisis intervention and resolution Client Careauannene
* Conpkx probkemsolvingskils « (Ooi it erat)

CL) Mi toccxe ntact ¢ Dedicated patient advocate

* Reliabk transportation Cia lachteccg

BES oexeloas era cag ¢ Event phmning and coordination
© Fundraising background Barer ge yincoksinicc

Accomplishments

Se OREM Oldie Brenan g oid avira

* Promoted to Assistant Manager at a gas station affer being a cashier for 1 month.
SSSR uuiream late eae hosting a Candiclight Vigil for the Dove Project, Inc.
© Assists with supervising and directing the work of community service workers and vohintecrs,

Saranac)
BS) 5 ISIS BC UND) OL oy. Wut
SPA CPAP R Qn TaN tte City, State

Tested clients for drug use and referred themto other er hilamcecetitcee

eee Bawa see wars oon brochures, fact sheets, print ads and newsktters.

Meee nace asetat acetate materials and presentations.

ecb Brossilec En vre ort rena

Pile Clrcisnetancngen erent Ly elrahianea iret Re cote aetna ee

Traveled locally and regionally to OU LCeCL cli olecins Breese nt tet

Cube RumomsclceedRanrstc reece seer Bye Relea leet se

Colkaborated with local health departments and other ROOT nN Ng serra

eee Bnd ani red aetna community health resources in correctional bemoan ri talngoan cnet Rant ee rece
Peer nc Bar ces Brann Renta ete background papers.

Educated clients about treatment OE ne aca Roa e crated

Checked facility for open SLM od coc Rte beseliibpateiatarne cede otoe ontine Rel ted safety hazards,
SOO rece rors Mee MoesaerCBee ei te Soa CoB wulamencn Keren ere ee

MUNICIPAL COURT CLERK
January 2014 to March 2014 Company Name - City, State

SI suc RsTit Treo SST era Meee etre Breet

Bed ed tual brian bad Pelinekue samt Taree | balance lilo oe

Gathered and analyzed research data regarding statutes, decisions, legal articles and codes.
Stel ces HaRtneD Na Rees using pertinent sources to determine causes of action and to prepare cases,
ETL etacclnlnas Bg delivery of egal correspondence to omnes Reenter
Organized and maintained hw Hee moter ene Rented ecm

Photocopied all correspondence, documents and Cliram nncae bern oeal oe

Sie Rustteon cima ech ed nite

Composed and revised kegal documents, including Ietters, depositions and court docunents.
Created and tracked all expenses and client account codes

Recorded and monitored court appearance dates.

PRD NDMUCIAAS
June 2012 to August 2013 Company Name - City, State

¢ Established new customer accounts bride Lan cae CRN tot et loans,
Se EOS En ce aur Eire eslreres ee tn eee and products.
See sal neotenic los ek inet LOMA UE ark nar oe
Sc Bese c srr cated Celso) ahem
Bee goeerue Re RN sete

© Trained employees on cash drawer artery

LOR alsin ncutasmine bien procedures,

SBE SC cob eb icone Retin ya et eee personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.
