ADVOCATE

Summary

Seeking a part time or pm generalist position in Human Resource. Conflict Resolution Team Building Mentoring and Coaching New-Hire
Orientation Disc Personality Assessments Training and Development Leadership Development Performance Appraisals Technical Skills
schivor anes

Peel AU PAU PA CRG Ta aGQel aN lee ON MECH)

NF/SG Healthcare for Homeless Veterans Program Coach, mentor, and develop 100 clients, with resume assistance, career counseling,
comphinis, and problems.

Develop, manage and evahute training and organizational effectiveness strategies; that promote the development ofa skilled, high-
performing, motivated workforce focused on the achieverrent of company key performance indicators.

* Develop career plans that fit clients’ aptitudes, education levels, physical abilities, and career goals.

Serve as internal consultant to all levels of management to identify and resolve issues, such as; employee retention, skill developrrent,
professional growth, succession planning, and performance improvement.

Partner with business unit leaders and serve as a strategic resource to assess company-wide training and development needs as well as
provide recommendations for change.

Evaluate, motivate, coach, and counsel 25 peers in the performance of their duties.

Veteran Affairs Specialist 01/2011 to 01/2012 Company Name City , State

* Provided training, education, career counseling, and job placement services to broad range of clients.

© Participated in group orientation for clients to promote the development of entry-level and career job opportunities.

¢ Administered career scope assessment tests for 100 clients to identify skill buikding needs.

CP Ucn beciiod Oke eH nOcidcep Om ccm ECLNN tg leur MOM OBUeUIT TLE enmeatchilneg eu cteRtsltce

Enploynent Representative 01/2011 to 01/2012 Company Name City , State

* Presented information, using a variety of instructional techniques and formats, such as rok plying, simulations, team exercises, group

discussions, videos, and lectures.

Provided leadership and guidance to new workers on training resources, materials and aids, to achieve training objectives.

Developed and implemented 40 standards and policies, and managed all documentation, information, and multimedia materials; conducted

dozens of quality-analysis reviews.

© Designed training programs and professional development courses to facilitate meeting organizational goals and individual professional
needs.

Training Coordinator 01/2000 to 01/2009 Company Narre City , State

Evaluated training requirements for each division, consulting with department managers, HR and external resources.

Managed the process of identifying and addressing employee developrrent opportunities through focus groups, 360-degree assessimenis,

and blended training solutions that include instructor-led chsses, case studies, self study, mentoring programs, e-Leaming, coaching, rok-

play, ONT, and web-based training,

© Conducted over 100 employce evahutions for strength and weakness and performed cross-training exercises for competency and
efficiency.

* Developed docurent-teaching procedures for team of 15 technical trainers, encompassing instructional manuals, quick reference guides,
and test results forms.

CP ibe micneinire ito ana mab con werine eel ele cheese lina letcm ob ne held nec iCmechi elms T 6h)
time/attendance, disciplinary actions, counselmg/evaluations, conflict resolution, retention efforts, and management of fiks.

© Evaluated and developed requirements for over 50 diverse operational positions, as well as processes for improved productivity and work

center performance.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Human Resource Management 1 2013 University of Phoenix City , State GPA: GPA: 3.3 Human Resource Management
GPA: 3.3

Lean Six Sigma Certificate, 2013 North Florida/South Georgia Veterans Health Administration Workshops, Gainesville, FL Writing Advantage
Certificate, 2013 Coaching Toward High Performance Certificate, 2013 Franklin Covey "Seven Habits of Highly Effective Leaders Certificate,
2012 Motivational Interviewing Certificate, 2012 Crucial Conversations Certificate 1 2012 Vilanova University City , State

Skills

benefits, Coach, Coaching, contlict resolution, consultant, consulting, counseling, clients, docurrentation, focus, forms, HR, instructor, leadership,
mterials, meetings, mentor, mentoring, multimedia, organizational, payroll, policies, processes, quality, quick, Six Sign, strategic, teaching,
employee developrent, training programs, Workshops

Additional Information

¢ AWARDS AND RECOGNITION Eamed 10 years of dedicated "Federal Government Service Award" 2013. Veterans Affairs Award"
Pec mee AOL @ CMA Bem H LCi ennegsar enti cm

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd
National Society for Human Resources Managerrent, Member Jacksonvile, FL Society for Human Resource Management, Member American
