DOMESTIC VIOLENCE COUNSELOR ADVOCATE
Summary
Tama responsibk self-starter who communicates well and is dedicated to providing great customer service and staff support. I am comfortable
working autonomously or ina team-based setting. Iam both calmandA. focused, greatA at prioritizing, completing multipkc tasks simultancously
PIB Murnane OR r cree cae ee

schivor anes

01/2015 - Current

Company Name i City , State Domestic Violence Counselor Advocate The nonprofit organization that I work for has had a contract with the
Departrent of Children and Family Services of San Bernardino County since 2010 to provide Domestic Violence counseling, education,

PU Moota ree eis Om nmi een cicrig@les mS oti com Ree Seca terest MeiLecm\/OnsNaliceloip ae sruunrliel omy erie
provide the follow Duties; crisis intervention, trauma informed care, preventative services, and support services to victims of domestic violence;
their fanilies, as well as CFS staff Services include assessing victims for danger, safety planning, assisting victims to get into emergency shelter,
providing weekly domestic violence education classes and groups, accompany and advocate for clients at the Juvenile Dependency and or
superior court, as well as linking victims up with additional resources in their community. How I provide support services to the department staffis
by attend daily RAM's (Risk Assessment Meetings). These are meetings where the social workers and I provide the informtion collected from the
family and present them to CFS social workers, supervisors and management regarding which key factors are present, which are not, assessing the
degree of risk ina family and if the family has a plan, support system and the likelihood of fiture maltreatment to a child or adolescent. I will also
attend TDM's (Team Decision Making meetings) a Team Decision Making meeting is a collaborative process designed to produce the best joint
Coos eternal esi malcekan ee auer ame smer amy iReeniebcens neice cae mln Ol ceIniiaecinprren eonyeieat omit
child (when appropriate), conmamity partners, service providers, foster parents, family’s support networks, and other supports as invited.A I
follow-up and documented the outcome of each referral till services are completed and cases are closed. I ako present yearly workshops and
training for CFS staff new hires and intems regarding domestic violence. I also continuously develop and provide brochures, written material and
eee erm osteo menuicd NC areccke Ce eiuhie iam Meg ne ulmi eklbew ra bieckueltte cunumeri staan cob yUmeall ees
PMA cane com moma cian con monce ie core arc voironeegctalneerren | igavrern Tag ces rcme

02/2013 - 07/2015

Company Name i City , State Shelter Hotline Advocate I took a graveyard position at this shelter working 4 nights a week 10 hours each night
from 10pm to 8am my duties included; Taking nightly hotline calls: conducting crisis intervention over the phone and in person, conducting shelter
intakes ifappropriate or referring the caller to other requested resources in their community. I would provide onsite supervision of the shelter and
its residence overnight. Daily duties included: Walking the shelter every hour assuring that the residents follow the house rules for example safety,
bed time, curfew, noise level and any conflict resolution that may occur. Working with shelter clients consisted of teaching independent living skills
suchas, cooking, houschold chores, laundry, personal hygiene, interpersonal communication, and the effects of domestic violence as well as
working with them on communal living skills. Occasionally I would dispense medication, first aid, hygiene products or transporting the clients and
their children to the ER as needed. A I performed daily docurrentation of client's behavior, actions and needs that they may have throughout the
night in their file. Part of my administrative duties was to maintain, update and submit accurate documentation of our hotline reports, and closing the
files of clients that exited the shelter. I would also make sure the shelter and offices were maintained ina clean, organized fashion by providing a
variety of housekeeping fimctions on a daily basis. I was frequently asked to ensure that all new personal were well versed and trained on the
overnight shelter operations and procedures by providing training for new employees, intems and volunteers.A.

08/2008 - 04/2013

Company Name 4 City , State Domestic Violence Counselor Advocate

T began working with this agency as an administrative assistant helping the office program director, my regular office duties included, answering and
screening a heavy volume of phone calls which for the first 2 years included hotline calls, handling the mail, filng, making copies, maintainng
accurate inventory of office supplies, ordering supplies and assisting Clients with intake paper work. Affer completing the state mandated 40 hour
training I worked my way up to advocate part of my new duties included assessing clients and providing crisis intervention when needed. I
facilitated support groups and life skills, empowerment workshops. In 2009 when our office program director left I took over managing the day to
day operations of our outreach center as well as working with clients one on one from 2009-2011. The added responsibility was to coordinate
with a local organization that provided us with food for our food pantry when we used to buy the food in the past. I collaborated with local

CO NSe lL aKMmLere ce amuenaicd be cece Mawr Rona uccllam elie «cre once ra te maine m i Gcn amcor cceicn neg
need on the mountain. I planned and put on fundraisers and event in the community to raise awareness for domestic violence and sustain our
agency, this was accomplished by our take back the night event, our candlelight walk, ice cream social as well as tabling at yearly resource fairs
and making presentation to our local schook, agencies and organization. I was also responsibly to train our new office hires and volunteers as well
as doing my part in presenting at our State Mandated Domestic Violence training that the agency conduct 2 times a year. A

09/2005 - 07/2007

Company Name i City , State Administrative Assistant My general office duties included fiekling and screening phone calls for administration and
sakes representatives. I handled daily billing and invoicing for two office locations one being out of state in Saint Louis MO. I was responsible for all
the accounts receivabk and collections. I assisted in coordinating LTL shipping and prepared import documentation for customs, Acor imported
their ball bearing parts from China. I prepared all daily reports, spreadsheets, return goods authorizations and payable verification and verified
potential client's credit references and provided references for existing clients.

LU S7PA URE UCI PLU Lt}

Company Name i City , State Administrative Assistant

My responsibilities included conducting I-9 review, drug test, reference and criminal background checks on potential employees in accordance
iP HOO Onteniente Mahe lem rare mrasnecensbrietamtd antine Korn snack cake ect ccr og
computerized system Performed clerical duties such as typing, faxing, and sending e-muils, as well as, handling all of the agency's correspondence.
Taddressed clients and employees inquiries/concems by assisting them or directing them to the appropriate party ina timely manner. I scheduled
and conducted interviews with clients and potential employees. I performed follow-ups with clients during employees first month of work and
checked on them ona regularly basis. Responsible for all accounts receivable and accounts payabk. I also created and maintained the agency's
