NURSE CLINICIAN Il ON MEDICAL/CARDIAC INTENSIVE CARE UNITS AND INTERVENTIONAL UNIT
OBJECTIVE

Tama Registered Nurse applying for the Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) concentration in nurse anesthesia (CRNA) with strengths in high-
quality collaborative interdisciplnary patient care, technical procedures, and strong patient- family commumication. I am aiming to receive
exceptional training and invaluable leaming experiences from your institution's School of Anesthesia. I wish to challenge my flexibility during critical
situations while working under fast-paced emergency situations. With my BSN educational degree ftom Loyola University Chicago and estimated
4 years experience in the MICU (2 years as a nursing care technician and working as a MICU RN since September 2013), I believe I am highly
qualified and am seeking an opportunity to be and well-trained to become an exceptional Nurse Anesthetist froma top-ranked institution.

Professional Summary

Two solid years of experience in the Medical(Cardiac/Interventional ICU at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital.

Provide compassionate care to critically-ill patients suffering from injuries or debilitating medical conditions.

Observe behavior and symptoms and report changes to on-call physicians.

Competently trained in telemetry monitoring, ventilator management, titration of high-potency vasoactive drugs, CRRT therapy,
Hypothermia therapy, TPA mamgement, IABP management.

Managed life support equipment and TV administration of fluids and medications.

I ecsenm kes nes ec irl Oe ceetcnyUcluetce amelie eS Ae Caiteoy

Proactively leamed new procedures and treatment protocols.

Educate families about patient conditions and provide support as needed.

Competent in providing end-of-life care to palliative and hospice patients.

Frequently acts as preceptor to nursing students in critical-care rotations.

Maintains strong reputation for achieving high levels of patient satisfaction.

Device Competencies & Proficiencies: telemetry monitoring, ventilator management, CRRT/CVVH therapy, hypothermia therapy, TPA
managenent, Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump management, Flow Trac device (Cardiac Output, Cardiac Index monitoring device), Impelh,
Pacermker and Transcutaneous Pacemaker managerrent, Rapid Infusers, Swan-Ganz Catheter, Bladder Pressure, Potent IV Medications
including Vasopressor and Sedation Drugs (Including, but not limited to: Neo-Synephrine, Levophed, Vasopressin, Epinephrine, Dopamine,
Dobutamine, Propofol, Fentanyl, Midazolam, Lorazepam, Morphine, Nitroglycerine, Nipride, Nimbex)

Licenses and Certifications
© Registered Nurse: State of Illinois: August 2013-Present

* Advance Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) Certification: 2014-Present
© Basie Life Support (BLS) Certification: 2014-Present
© Pediatric Life Support (PALS) Certification: 2015-Present
* NIHSS Certified (September 2013- Present)
Skill Highlights
Ce Giesh ren ,
* TVadmingtration , Hoa eee
SE rete ic eae aae
ee ea a . nee nud acer
© Procedural assistance , si
Pacman tts a
Professional Experience
09/2013 to Current

Nurse Clinician II on Medical(Cardiac Intensive Care Units and Interventional Unit Company Name i City , State
08/2014 to Current
Dancer for Chicago Luvabulls Company Name 1 City , State

Lead, cheer, applause, support the Chicago Bulls during basketball games held throughout the season at the United Center.
Encourage crowd involvement during gametime through dance performances, crowd activities, and in the concourse.

Maintain crowd orderliness with spectators.

Participate in charity work, findraisers, and community events around the Chicagoland area.

Responsibke in making certain that practice sessions are thoroughly met, and being prepared for changing conditions on gameday.

06/2011 to 08/2013
Nie OrleM outs Romy (cebes Ornelas OR Biante MO ia Geena NTs ALO ESIC

Nursing Care Technician/Unit Secretary (Dual Role) for a 33-bed Medical(Cardiac/Interventional ICU floor. Providing basic patient care
including: blood glucose monitoring, obtaining patient vitals, and assisting patients with bathing and grooming (Activities of Daily Life). Competent
in phlebotomy work and can perform 12-lead EKG on patients. Provide assistance to the nurses to execute direct patient care which may include
wound care dressing, compkte patient baths or assisting in physical therapy. Abk to perform unit secretarial duties including admitting, transferring,
and discharging a patient, preparing patient charts, and handling/directing phone calls.
