HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER,
Summary

To continue my professional Human Resource career ina position of kadership focused on creative peopk strategies and that improve employee
engagement, drive business initiatives and focuses on overall operating performance and achieving strategic results.

BUSINESS ACUMEN / FISCAL MANAGEMENT
¢ Knowlkdgeabk of federal & state abor & employment hw. © Ability to analyze and interpret Profit & Loss statements.

¢ Efficient effective project management skills. ¢ Effective manager of expense and budget goals.
CePA iia koh tas eoniCR MUR RCoIcnyenynanad * Microsoft Office including: Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Accomplishments

© Effective kader and change agent.

Member of Sr. Leadership team Responsible for providing advice and council to Sr. Leadership and management regarding policy, law and
BNAteucLeroel aes cam brea a einem

Responsibke for directing and motivating team of HR professiomis to influence operations to exceed business expectations and goals.
Accountable for driving performance initiatives and goals, developing and driving employee engagement prograns.

Proficient adviser to associates and management on HR policies and practices; state and federal bor hws.

Advise management regarding associate relations concems; conduct disciplinary and grievance hearings, ensure enforcement of EEOC,

(0) GO EOD) wesuticaincy

¢ Active in mintaining an employer of choice work environment that renders third party representation obsokte.

Experience
Sinan sp ccetceeRy olsnam NPA OAc ra Gone ocak li el ONES IEL!

To drive business initiatives by providing strategic HR guidance to keadership and management through planning, organizing and controlling the
activities of the Human Resources Department. Serve as a resource for the employees, ensuring their understanding and compliance with policies
and regulations. Keep managerent advised of potential probkem areas and recommend/impkement solutions as appropriate. Evaluate reports,
decisions, and results of client group in relation to established goals. Recommend new approacles, policies, and procedures to support continual
improverrent. Plan, organize, and manage all activities of the HR Dept. Manage recruitrrent effort for all exempt, non-exempt, and hourly
employees; monitor recruitment program, employce relations counseling; performance planning, Manage/maintain records records and reports.
Pag eube LCe RA LoN eu le em cel edcnines etna

Senior Human Resources Representative 01/2009 i¥s 08/2012 Company Name City , State

Effectively work with management and hourly base to develop programs and strategies that create an employer of choice environment and make
unionization obsolete. Strategic partner to leadership; Provide advice and counsel on workforce related activities such as; disciplinary actions,
organizational development, training and diversity initiatives. Advise management and personnel, regarding application and intent of policies and
procedures. Investigate & prepare reports regarding internal & extemal EEO and grievance chims. Analyze and prepare statistical reports,
identifying trends that impact personnel and the overall business strategies. Adviser to Managing Director, five (5) Sr. Managers, thirty cight (38)
Managers and eleven hundred plus (1100 +) Employees. Refined and managed the on-boarding process and strategies for two major divisions
within FedEx Central Region that consists of 13 direct reports in 8 states, supporting two Regional Vice Presidents. Developed systems and
processes, from sourcing to first day on the job, to streamline the on-boarding practices and meet all State, Federal, DOT and FAA guidelines.

Matrixed to 1200 + ce's, Consult and advise management and personnel, regarding policies, practices and procedures. Provide input on
workforce related activities such as disciplinary actions, training, diversity initiatives and organizational development. Investigate & prepare reports
regarding internal & external EEO and grievance claims. Analyze and prepare statistical reports and identify trends that impact personnel and the
Nard lr specces ray coe

Area Manager - Partner 01/2003 14 01/2004 Company Nan City , State

Source and engage clients to develop and implement staffing strategies to drive business goals. Managed all aspects of office mcluding; employee
relations, recruiting and staffing, training and development, corporate and kegal compliance, benefits and policy administration.

Managerment Selection Consultant - Organizational Development 01/2001 1% 01/2003 Company Nanx City , State Responsible for recruitment,
sekction, training and development of mamagement/exempt Ievel personnel. Generalist / Recruiter - Responsible: for strategic planning, employee
relations, recruitment, training and retention; Counsel management and staffaccording to company policies, accepted HR practices and labor law.
Regional Recruitment Manager 01/1998 1% 01/2001 Company Name City , State 80% travel among 21 matrixed facilities, establishing
recruitment processes and practices that generated results. Hands on project recruiter in probkematic situations.

Client Service Manager - Branch Manager 01/1996 4 01/1998 Company Name City , State Responsible for guiding team of HR professionals
dedicated to selecting qualified candidates to work at various client locations. Developed creative and innovative work force solutions.

Store Manager 01/1988 4 01/1996 Company Name City , State Managed 24hr location. Generated $13 million in sales anmually, supervising
and motivating 46 employees. Proven record increasing sales volume and gross profit by governing purchasing cost, controlling shrink and reducing
Fe eO Rao ean eon
