PATIENT ADVOCATE

Summary

Secking an opportunity in an Management/HR DepartmentA where my professionalA experience and education will alow me to make an
immediate contribution, as an integral part ofa progressive organization.

Education and Training

HealthCare Administration- Human Resources , 2017 Herzing University- Online 1% City , State , Unitted States

Bachelor of Science : Management - Human Resource Management , 2009 Kaplan University if City , State , United States

Business Administration Management , 2007 Kaplan University 1% City , State

WFHM Reverse Mentoring Senior Management : 1983 MSTA Business College 1% City , State WFHM Diversity Program

MBA:2011

Oa SST POLE CCEB Cae eeUore yrure woe uruleeulcoet Oana we |

Business Administration Management Leaming and Development Springfield, IL Human Resources Mentor- Jennifer Cultip Smith HR Manager
Ne}

Experience

Patient Advocate

May 2017 to Current Company Nanr 1% City , State As a patient advocate, I am responsibk for the developing, BS a Pleciinslaren na
policies and LS as needed.A Facilitates the patient Ce ca PCCM ney tantoorerco Wye) cacarannse Ce)
each unit daily, visit all new admissions and also identify patients’ needs or issues and then visit the patients to De nag rar a ote
de with unit leaders and staff to assign and assure ae action is taken quickly to resolve all issues. rN Pence Fo ueatirea ans
in patient attitudes and /or obstacks to delivery immediate service recovery.A Le tees oreo tLe age Soe Eng
Cee UE LuLu ease Lenore Retin baninnag A Participates in staff and community education on patient
Tights, the complaint procedure and other related issues as requested. rN [Cr rrarl aca d AoC srenibonercenemiia gm NB ome sa ratend
phone calls reporting back to unit leaders positive/negative feedback.A Training, coaching, delegating work responsbillty.

Office Support

March 2015 Company Nanw 1% City , State

Managed day to day operations with minimal supervision

Created reports, and Purchased office material.

Performs complex, clerical services for the Intact Services.

Provide clerical support to the team supervisorA staff, dekgated work flow.

IncludingA but not limited to railing, filing, scanning confidential docurrents, extensive communication with all statewide agencies business
Pisleyeonetnem ue Braham

¢ Review each bill within five (5) working days of receipt for accuracy and completeness.

© Notify the Purchase Of Service (POS) agency of any adjustment to the bill that must be mde due to incorrect information and then submit
een B ele e\yinerna

Miguive el nom aiken) oe Rennes Om NCeecT nen B a ue rieMlinl cari ewi eg PLO worry

Sent incorrect cases to the POS agency to be corrected and re-billed.

Created a new Bureau of Operations Intact Family Services Billing Process Manual.

Created a billing tracking system for all incoming bills, business managers; POS intact email distribution Iist.

Review each bill within five (5) working days of receipt for accuracy and completeness.

Notify the Purchase Of Service (POS) agency of any adjustment to the bill that must be made due to incorrect information and then submit
ied Ble Nien a

route elem aeiceon scores Om emecieeneR on ermal kant ew iene PLO Oe oui’

PEEos neencuceen hind ues encore aod ereen iu cebn boas cen

OES LNs Ce AoE Sesion nya OB Omelet ml

Operations Team Lead
September 2002 to January 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Interact and act as a lnison with business clients, business partners, intemal and external staff, and update share point sites.
Review and certify system access for team menbers.

rg aner na ncmrislar] meena menace one cca cl ice

Manage electronic calendars; schedule meetings, appointments, conference calks.

Conduct interviews and make hiring recommendations.

Contribute and participate in team coaching and performance development discussions.

Pre-Screening Candidates for Interviews.

Facilitate feedback discussions with individuals.

Participate and conduct team member training,

Create offer Letters and Hiring Kit.

Ensures that the teanis acquisitions are completed on time and accurately.

Planning, coordinating, and monitoring daily activities; ranging from routine to moderately complex work in.a major corporate environment.
Reviewing, prioritizing, and distributing daily work to meet deadlines and goals.

OTe Ana up reuicCR shanna nEopr eds (aen

Effectively trains staff‘on duties, responsibilities, and expectations.

FNC SNIPS LCS
