PERSONAL BANKER(SAFE)1 AND BUSINESS ADVOCATE
Profile

Skilled and awarded Personal and Business Banker whose talents shine in. a competitive, innovative and creative environment. Track record of
exceeding sales goals, improving client retention and growing customer base. Team player who truly believes in providing clients with the utmost
client experience. Has a contagious energy that surrounds the environment she works in. Experienced in high-volume, multi-unit, retail and
business operations. Desires a high-level position in a professional corporate environment.

[Ov erKcnon sires

Top Personal Banker and Business Advocate in the District

ese hee M Orch nia @ ete NIG]

Received The National Achiever Banker Award

Received numerous awards for exceeding sales goals and customers satisfactions.

ede eRe ScltreceswarO nowt TION

Received Employee of the Year Award.

Iowa het Roca DDn so Nueck a ULonY Onl P ANN atC Ce

Received Sales Winner Awards

PUVA eR Cibod

A Productivity Award Winner

Received Community Top Personal Banker Award

Received numerous ktters of appreciation and recognition from numbers of highly satisfied customers
Ranked among the top Telephone Bankers and Customer Service Representatives in the Nation
Received Highest Quality Score Award as Telephone Banker.

ee ee ee ee ee

NUsefeceral Pour anes
PERSONAL BANKER(SAFE)1 AND BUSINESS ADVOCATE Dee 2013
(Oo aN ena LOL NASTICS

Consistently a top performing Personal Banker and Business Advocate in the district. Received a Star Credit Award. Recognized for achieving the
highest number of partner referrals which includes mortgages, merchant services, payroll services and insurance products. Frequent recipient of
COO aRs unui rem i  lecke eure tienamicaLeckotude diel

Relationship Banker, Small Business Specialist, Investment Representative Nov 2009 to Aug 2013
Company Name i/ City , State

a BRUnb we bilincere inom mnantouaeancs

Ms aveo RWCE em Any ice Ghalib Pacers Roa eee bicoa namrcct cy

Acquired, retained, deepened and managed relationships with customers.

Generated growth in balances through sales, marketing, promotion and referral of products and services.

Delivered outstanding customer experience and helped Branch meet sales objectives contributed to the success of the firm
Managed, maintained and developed assigned portfolio of customers.

viLcekarso inary

Lee iorcebcibuecontlen eb uit lan coeur (orcas

Uncovered customer's financial needs and provided them product and service recommendations.

Developed and cultivated existing customer relationships.

Called existing and prospect customers.

Partnered with specialists (such as Loan Officers, Business Bankers, and Financial Advisors), to ensure customers get access to experts
who can help them with specialized financial needs.

Responsibke in opening Consumer and Business accounts, Loan applications, crossed-sells bank products and services, and resolved
Parra mca ecb cohen

Participated in and occasionally facilitated daily branch team meetings.

Assisted with coaching and training new bankers, tellers and other branch professional.

Participated in special projects, sales campaigns and assignments as requested.

Identified and resolved complex client service opportunities.

Received a National Achiever Banker Award, Employee of the Month Award, Consistently exceeded monthly sakes goals, Received
recognition as one of Top Bankers in Arizona Market, District, and Community.

I osyuriaet SOROS one Eee OCR UE aU MeteeOnemo er cred iB Om conaiien CR oniinean On angen ane
pea at benno

Was licensed in Investrent- Series 6, 63 and Insurance.

Wicheccm Crs rallBsi snccons eel icm

Swenson best ad

ry e Cr ee er cy

Jun 2009 to Oct 2009
