LEVEL 2 CRITICAL PLATFORM SUPPORT ENGINEER

Career Overview

Over 7+ years of IT experience specializing in CLOUD/A®/LINUX/Solaris and WINDOWS Administration in Production Support of various
systems on AIX 5, 6.1, Linux (RedHat and SUSE). Strong background knowledge of Networking concepts and experience in Network
Administration & Troubleshooting on AX based systems. Experience in installation, configuration, tuning, security, backup, recovery and
upgrades of IBM AIX. Experience in Installation and configuration on IBM System P p690/p650, p5-570, p5-550,p5-55A and p6-570, RS-
6000 Servers. Experience in installation and configuration of Virtual I/O Server (VIOS) (1.5 and 2.1). Experienced in AIX Migration Installation,
Preservation Installation and Complete Overwrite Installation using CDROM and configuring NIM Server. Strong knowledge and experience in
Logical Volure Management (LVM), Storage and Disk Managerrent Configured HACMP 4.x/S.x to monitor, disaster recovery, detect and react
to failure events, allowing the system to stay available during random, unexpected software problems and also configured to react to system events.
Experienced in Infrastructure & Support teamas Linux/Cloud/ Administrator. Hands on experience on Cloud Computing. Administering all the
RHEL, RHEV and open stack cloud computing. Familiar with designing high level architecture for implementation of Hybrid Cloud. Experienced in
doing capacity planning for new AIX environments. Knowledge on AWS OpsWorks. Implementation and Administration of DHCP, NFS and
NIS on AIX. Good understanding of error logging subsystem and performance monitoring tools like virstat, jostat, and netstat on AIX 5L.
Familiar with Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) for backup automation with policies configuration for Web based databases, setup consisted of
server and client backup with progressive backup methodology Expert in configuring a TCP/IP network on AIX, adding network routes and
debugging network related issues. Expertise in shell (kom) scripting and familiar with PERL. Excellent in troubleshooting and Maintaining AIX and
Patching, Expertise in SMIT, LVM, Mirroring, Paging Space mamgement, job scheduling, Performance monitoring, Error logging, Diagnostics,
and Fine-tuning. Experience performing problem analysis along with recommending and implementing preventive techniques. Experience in writing
Technical documentation. Provided 24X7 support to ensure round the clock availability. Team player with excellent commumication and inter-
faeces ESL CIGe

Skill Highlights

Technical Skills: Operating Systems: IBM AIX (v5.3, v6.1, v7.1) Redhat Linux (v6.2,7.2, Enterprise Linux) Oracke-Solaris 10 Hardware: IBM
Bhde server, HMC, HP ILO, DELL IDRAC. Vsphere 5.0 Application Server: AWS EC2,NIM, Apache, HACMP clustering, DNS, NIS,
NFS, Websphere Application Server 6.x/5.x, Websphere Portal server, Windows 2000/2003 Active Directory, Microsoft IIS Server4/5, SSL,
Distribution Server. Tools: Nagios, Tivoli, Teradata MSM, HUBEQ, ITSM, Peregrine, SSO, EURC, MQ, EMS Tibco, Sharepoint.

Professional Experience

02/2014 to Current

Level 2 Critical Platform Support Engineer Company Name iA City , State Day to Day System Administration and Monitoring in an environment
of 1800+ servers that includes CLOUD, WINDOWS and UNIX/LINUX (HPUX, AIX, LINUX, SOLARIS) envirionments, questions and
problens via telephone, FAX, and enmil. Researched the data base for known problerss or tested the customers problem on a test system in the
same environment. Aided customer in resolving their problem Applying monthly Patches on Windows as well as Unix boxes using HPSA (HP
Server Automation) Tool. Hands on experience on Amazon EC2 web services. Farviliar with Identity Management, Access Control and other
security aspects on cloud. Experience on Hybrid cloud operations and management. Hands on experience on working with VPC & VPN
concepts in cloud. Familiar with Annzon SimpleDB web service that is used for indexing and querying the data. Hands on Experience with
different components used in AWS like Amazon $3, Amazon SQS, Amazon SimpkDB and Amzon EC2. Administering all the RHEL , RHEV
and open stack cloud computing, Familiar with designing high kvel architecture for implementation of Hybrid Cloud. Responsible for submitting the
requests for opening the ports to the Cloud servers. Created 50 EC2 instances fora POC effort and maintained them Procured $3 storage
servers. Build, Configure and Install Red Hat Linux 5/6, OS on physical and virtual servers. Working on mission critical applications and
Middleware tools that includes IBM Websphere MQ, Weblogic, Tibco EMS. Monitoring and Troubleshooting applications and messaging queues
akris. Active as an On call Resource for Windows and Unix Boxes in case of P1s and P2s or failure of hardware. Responsible for coordinating
with vendors like HP, IBM, Microsoft, Symantec, Oracle and RedHat for hardware replacement and troubkeshootings. Monitoring and
Troubkshooting of various services lke DNS, Donnin Controllers, IIS and Application Services etc. Monitoring and Troubkshooting LAN and
WAN. Monitoring user and Databases in SQL Server and monitoring backup and replication of SQL and Oracle Databases. Installation,
configuration and administration of Windows/Unix/Linux servers. Maintain and Manage various services running in the environment which included
TIS, apache web server, Tomcat, Oracle Databases, Sybase and DB2. Working on Veritas Cluster Server and assisting and coordinating with
Application and Middleware teams for timely changes using ITSM tool. Providing Breakfix support for all the systems and OS using HP Service
Manager.

02/2013 to 01/2014

Terradata Multi System Manager Company Name 1'4 City , State Colurrbus, Ohio/Chicago, IL Feb 2013 - Jan 2014 Level 2 Unix Engineer
Providing Production Supoort Engineer for over 45000 SERVERS of ALX/LINUX/SOLARIS. Working on wide range of softwares, utilities,
applications and protocols that includes Oracle Database, Websphere, Apache, Tomcat, Netcool backup, TMSM Clint (Terradata Multi System
Manager). SSH, SSL, TCP Wrappers, Tripwire. Working on ITSM Change management to upgrade and update Applications as well as
Operating Systems. Providing breakfix support on Peregrine Tickets system for Operating System as well as Applications. Mainly responsible for
DR Events for backing up and updating Prod Servers. Very good experience with GPFS, SRDF setup as well as Linux, Solaris and AIX
clustering, Working on VCS (Veritas Cluster Server) and AIX HACMP. Working on HP ILO (integrated light out), Dell Idrac, IBM HMC web
consoles. Hands on experience in VMware and Vsphere 5.0. Installed and Configured Solaris 10 by using Jumpstart server(Jet server) and also
installed and configured Linux by using Kickstart server. Involved User Administration (creating user account , password and set the password) on
Red hat Linux and Solaris. Involved in Sudo , Batch Job Administrations (cron & at)and Send muil configuration Creating File system by using
Veritas Volume Manager and Solaris volume manager and LVM Involved in Upgrading Sun Solaris 8 to Solaris 10 by using LiveUprade and
Redhat Linux 4.5 to 5.0 Involved in Upgrading Veritas Volume Manager from 4.0 to 5.0 Involved in creating and configuring Zones/Containers,
2s filesysterrs in Solaris 10 environment. Responsible for day-to-day systems administration tasks in Solaris and Linux. Creating and growing
Filesystem by using Veritas Volume Manager and Solaris volume manager and CFS file systems. Installed and configured Ldors in Sun T series.
TnstalledPatches and Packages on Linux (Red Hat) servers and created filesystems by using LVM. Involved in Upgrading Sun Solaris 8 to Solaris
10 by using LiveUprade. Involved in Upgrading Veritas Volure Manager from3.5 to 4.0 Installed and configured Media server, Master server
