PRACTICUM EXPERIENCE

SS

Nurse Practitioner focused on providing quality care and maintaining direct lines of communication with patients and the entire health-care team
Superb interpersonal and leadership skills and enjoys challenges and leaming new concepts and skill sets.

Certifications

Registered Nurse

Certified Emergency Nurse
Bice Nunods) ice

Basic Life Support

Advanced Cardiac Life Support
otra ow Cisleeee BARC ete

Sra nie
¢ Practicum hours include Primary Care, Pediatrics, Women's heath, and Urgent

lento
© Practicum residency to be completed in orthopedics

Ce

Pe gees Oe Gmibliwonacorna Paria’
© Energency Department interim Charge Nurse

aig

I amconfident in my ability to navigate computers, communicate effectively, value teamwork, respect all members of the healthcare team, value all
walks of life, build strong relationships, listen intently, clarify uncertainties, and educate thoroughly. 7

Tam growing in my ability to practice confidently, formuhte differentials, and build a suitable plan of care accordingly.A

Bk

Ba
Professional Experience
Practicum Experience Aug 2014 to Sep 2016

SHraeccPU Ne BCC UNE OnonUiarecis Mees RClesuimeslnepeline) eyo ine liom

Proficiencied differential diagnoses to determine the most likely diagnosis based on assessment and findings.
Sete nip Lae ene UNOS one eben mer Leeksc tines

Prepared patients for expectations of medications, therapies and desired outcomes.

Pees Lane na lc Reem cles eibtuen cua rn cerca redlta caine
Dieta mip Lae CCS SNM UreOSCM Denice aR Con h aN eh cere E Tanne Anes)

Prepared patients for expectations of medications, therapies and desired outcomes.

Educated patients on healthy lifestyle changes, medication management and appropriate health screenings.
Umea res suky tenon bis ethel center nccmo nn ene Cac ame RcuT eras eur hse

aCe Oe ERMC OROne and
Company Name

Apply critical thinking skills by caring for patients with an array of morbidities including endocrine, oncology, hematology, psychological,
cardiac, neurological, musculoskeletal, and immune disorders at any given time.

erica CHRO RCS SOUL ccna ors cere eiemrec cliuncne «Bika Oey crc cen kal eal urenim enone
om ence ra ena ho

Proficient in telemetry and discerning between emergencies and cardiac history by basing nursing judgment on the individual's trends in
cardiac history Utilized resources including pharmacist, respiratory therapists, dieticians, physicians, and clinical nurse specialists in order to
broaden my knowledge and educate patient's accordingly.

PE Qoticsubnicwcreer cerca ac aeniuiciclbeeteek eect] EX bencs erebeice Renee suka rc yuat oom

MAT Me ecm Rone ENC aCh aches rericone al Sresin Am nekawanial mirc \ a OB ietneofa inna
outpatient and visitor falls as well.

°

StaffNurse Nov 2008 to May 2010
Company Name

© Leda unit ofskilkd care for approximately 40 geriatric patients through delegating staffand holding themaccountabk as to ensure the unit
to run smoothly.

© Proficient knowledge in medication administration, assessment, implementation, and wound care.

¢ Acted as an advocate for patients to voice wants, needs, concems, and fears to their physician in order to enhance wellness and quality of
sie

StaffNurse May 2007 to Jun 2008
leon ing Nirine

CRB Coches listen eth

¢ Participated in team nursing by working hand and hand witha Registered Nurse and a Certified Nurses Aid to provide the best patient care
possibk.

© Provided aide for the Registered Nurse, ie: wound treatment care, blood administration, and assessment findings.
