PATIENT EXPERIENCE MANAGER

Summary

Results-oriented Manager who thrives in fast-paced and competitive environments. Brings strong presentation, analytical and problem solving
skills. I ama systematically savvy managerment/ sales/ customer service Individual with multiple kadership experiences. I am qualified for career
Opportunities where my background and creative abilities will be of value. I am Jooking for a position that will utilize my skills in strategic planning,
emo NC TARLAS OIL aETE Mn Stabe piacere iene el gem

Highlights

Project training Manager /EVS/Food Microsoft Outlook, Six sigma Lean training Excel Effective problem solver Word

Accomplishments

© Streamlined and improved Food Service tactics, which reduced company labor costs by 60%.Improved custorrer.
PE istwensriiod meat scent b aNMeca ar nancies (com

schivor anes
Patient Service Manager/ Retail Manager 01/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

© Manage all staffassigned to patient meal service area Drives patient satisfaction and maintains client relationships through rounding,

© Ensures compliance to food safety, sanitation, and overall workphce safety standards are met.

© Supervises, staflg, trains, conducts applicable rounding and manages the performance of the food service supervisors, dict office, kitchen,
tray line and patient meal delivery staff, including applicable rounding,

Coordinates activities related to menu distribution and other menu-rehited issues, and facilitate operations related to production, distribution
and service of food to ensure optimal nutrition care of patients/residents.

© Manages and controls resources and mnterials to ensure quality, adequacy of supply and cost control within budgetary guidelines.

P&L accountability Ability to commumicate on various kvels to include mangement, client, customer and associate levels Financial,
budgetary, accounting and computational skills.

FEMA Inspector Contractor 11/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

Performs inspections and assesses darmge of residences.

Documents the damages sustained based on extensive knowledge of construction techniques.

Assesses darmge to dwellings and the overall habitability of homes and addresses cach appropriate field using the ACE Field Software.
Provides support in the administration of Inspection Services contracts, such as assisting in the development of emergency response plans
and assisting with quality contro! monitoring,

Assists in determining number of inspections needed at disaster fick! sites and provides guidance to other field inspectors.

© Typical guidance provided is assisting other inspectors with disaster specific information or technical assistance with the ACE Field
Rosin

Assists the supervisor with analyzing and evaluating Inspection Services procedures in order to recommend improvements in inspection
methods and techniques.

© Procedures are typically evaluated through physical observation of field experiences.

Reviews, analyzes and verifies occupancy documentation provided by applicants such as mortgage payment books, deeds and various
insurance docurrents.

© Provides disaster assistance program information to applicants.

OPERATIONS SUPERVISOR 07/2014 to 01/2015 Company Name City , State

© Manage unload department on resources to ensure maximum output, accuracy, and efficiency at all times.

* Responsible to ensure that all employees adhere to safety policies and procedures at all times, operating in full compliance with departrent,
station, corporate, and OSHA requirements.

© Aid Fulltime Supervisors on day to day mmintenance coordination.

© Establish and nnintain an aggressive cross-training program within the department to promote development, enhance flexibility, and ensure
backup coverage of vital fimctions and processes Function as an efléctive liaison and advocate on all levels to ensure that employee,
department, and corporate needs are addressed in a timely and productive manner Manage Payroll, Reviews, and Corrective actions.

Specialty Service Agent 10/2013 to 07/2014 Company Name City , State

Coordinate with appropriate departments such as Product Development, Hotel and Air Operations as well as external sources such as hotel
corporate or local reservations to inquire about requested room types

© Verify pricing and obtain confirmation to accommodate Travel Agent or direct client requests.

© Commumicate with Revenue Management, Contracting and Operations for Price Match verification as needed.

Receive and log incoming booking requests that are beyond the availability accessible by the Reservations staff, Travel Agents and direct
fora

* Process Price Match requests in accordance with established guidelines.

Owner/ Stylist 01/2009 to 10/2013 Company Name City , State

* Shampooed, conditioned and rinsed guests’ hair using salon-exclusive products.
¢ Advised customers on proper treatment of dry and darmged hair.
