CUSTOMER ADVOCATE

Professional Summary

Twas in RO.T.C for 4 years in high school. I Was in our unarmed drill team, I was second in command. I would be in drill meets and in
competitions. Not only was this distraction for me but it was alo a leaming experience for mv. I gathered leader ship skills, team work skills, also
responsibility skills. When we needed to get something done I was taught to take the initiative to get things done. I did lead a couple of our drill
rece Re eB crete Qm Ce iatheLeB race RS tab el tm

Aug oanan at acs

Customer Advocate Dec 2014 to Nov 2015

Company Name - City , State

responsibilities are making sure our customer leave with cash, making sure all documents are updated on file of each customer.

One of my tasks are to have our campaign calls completed by Monday and have the report sent.

We go to cach customer's account to see ifthey have and cash available loan wise, we give thema brief call reminding them they have cash.
I need to have sent out the summary report by Monday.

ENT ea Re Aa Oce Ces Ls Ham ee ee Uelel AY CPN MLCE I Alma nncoenecke clnitt bess Omermatsie tees)
to feel welcomed.

Srannner Gentes eee ous NES SHOR eaReety ncn em

Verify and examine information and accuracy of loan application and closing docurrents.

Record applications for loan and credit, loan information, and disbursements of finds, using computers.

Present loan and repayment scheduks to customers.

Cakuhte, review, and correct errors on interest, principal, payment, and closing costs, using computers or cakcultors.

PST aTee Br retstnW eaten asec tm

Receive checks and cash for deposit, verify amounts, and check accuracy of deposit slips.

Cash checks and pay out money affer verifying that signatures are correct, that written and numerical amounts agree, and that accounts have
sufficient fimds.

Process and mnintain records of customer loans.

Jul 2014 to Jan 2015
Company Name - City , State

Crccee OnaM ened Hien aace nd rremiC Ce mLoacy

Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.

AVE EI eee cice laine Rs em

Place special orders or call other stores to find desired iterns.

Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.

Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.

(Osha eCO GRIEG Ele ecw

SGiukarcoere acer emistrealances

Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and nuking deposits.

Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering.

SSoyeke mee el ced ene acecME De RAE OR ULCN

Crccee OnaM ened Hien aace nd rremiC Ce mLoacy

AT WOT opp corlt
Company Name - City , State

Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.

Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to customers.

Greet customers entering establishments.

Process merchandise retums and exchanges.

Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.

Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and compkte other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers’ items.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.

Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
AVE EI eee cice laine Rs em

Inventory stock and requisition new stock.

SGiukarcoere acer emistrealances

Apr 2012 to Aug 2014
Company Name - City , State
