BENEFIT ADVOCATE

Career Overview
Customer Service Representative who maintains a high level of professionalism, patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and
increase customer Joyalty.
Core Strengths
* Negotiation competency
PP Kc uu canines lc)
© Strong organizational skills * Seasoned in conilict resolution
« MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Office Publisher * Sharp problem sober
Caer a0 Pi enicattecrrclreg
© Loan Servicing Systems: MSP/Fidelity, SEAS and Image Viewer = « ~Employce relations specialist
© Legal Search Engine: Lexis Nexis, Westlaw, CRM Selling System —* High customer service standards
© Citrix, online medical software: Encoder Pro and MedPolicy © Customer service managerrent expertise
* Troubleshooting skills
* Telecommunications knowledge

Aug oanan at acs
bBo aii w ate huene
March 2015 to Current Company Nan - City , State

© Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or intemet, ina professional, courteous,
accurate manner while recording a briefoverview of communication.

© Resolves customer inquiries and concems with first call resolution; assist with the members needs regarding benefits, cligbility, chins,
financial spending accounts and correspondence.

* Answers customer's questions to help guide and educate them through selecting the best benefit plan options, maximize the value of their
health plan benefits by helping them understand and select quality care providers.

© Intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the member to assist with appointrent scheduling or connections with internal

specialists for assistance.

Assist in negotiating fees with healthcare providers on behalf of members.

Encourages self-sufficiency by assisting members in navigating company websites, cell phone applications, and tools.

Take ownership of each call to build rapport by providing resolutions on behalfofthe member in real time.

Creates, generates, and initiates requests for customer callbacks to allow research and follow-up with the customer.

Research complex chims issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve customer issues in addition to

collaborating with other departments to resolve escalated issues.

Provide benefits education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests.

Exceeds the performance goals established for the position in the areas of efficiency, call quality, customer satisfaction, first call resolution

BE apie

Participates in and supports the development and implementation of special projects.

Research and solve chims and billng issues.

Helps members with eligbility and benefits coverage questions.

Interfaces with insurance carriers, physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers.

Online Customer Service Representative Aerotek Contractor
December 2014 to February 2015 Company Nam - City , State

© Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, emuil, or intemet, ina professional, courteous,

accurate manner while recording a briefoverview of communication.

Contracted/temporary assignment assisting customers with enrolling for online banking, resetting user names and passwords.

Responsible for updating accounts with correct information for proper reception with advanced access codes for financial transfers and bill

ENA

¢ Assisted assist customers with accessing their accounts due to customer account protection blocks that prevent fraud and offer advanced
protection.

Senior Customer Service Representative
September 2013 to April 2014 Company Nam - City , State

* Xerox Corporation Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, ennil, or internet, ina
professional, courteous, accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.

* Provided Services for Wellpoint Insurance.

© Handled the needs of medical professionals providing excellent customer service.

© Verified benefits and eligbility of medical policies, claim statuses.

© Researched and confirmed ICD-9, CPT & Diagnosis codes are billable and valid based on medical necessity via online medical software
Encoder Pro and MedPolicy.

Sales Representative/Holistic Health Coach
March 2011 to December 2014 Company Name - City , State
