DISABILITY ADVOCATE

Professional Summary

Dceleioed drilromslenilPattenuicinlo mon eis nelle coer enibarelsiceicMmicl Gene eserenasnebeloam@riiialualenemtoo qncestt|
Opportunity to merge managerial experience with the public health field, resulting in improved patient care and increased company rate of
investment retum,

Education and Training

East Stroudsburg University 2016 Bachelor of Science : Public Health Health Services Administration Public Health, Health Studies department
OAH CMO cen nicRGl ya Dole Rebs OLoe MPN on ea ance uierdcleis Oral amma mticeirs entice ky]
more GPA: 3.72 Public Health Health Services Administration Dean's List and Honor Roll Academic Achievernent Award Beneficiary. Currently,
107 credits and needing 13 more GPA: 3.72 Public Health, Health Studies departrent

Community College of Philadelphia 2015 Associate of Science : Social/Behavioral Science Health Services City , State , United States GPA:
International Honor Society. Four term recipient of Dean's List, Academie Achievement Award and Honor Roll. Graduated with High Honors
GPA: 3.73 Social/Behavioral Science Intemational Honor Society. Four term recipient of Dean's List, Academic Achievement Award and Honor
Roll. Graduated with High Honors GPA: 3.73 Health Services

Accomplishments

08/2006- Philadelphia and Surrounding Area Present) Representative of the Think First National Injury Prevention Program.
Featured on Community College of Philadelphia's T.V.

Program, "Tapestry of Life: Resilience and Health’

Slate enti me arislivm ly ciLoem atl om

Hospital programs, including Spasticity Training for Health Professionals, Adam Taliaferro Benefit, Night of Champions, Wheel Chair
Sports advisor, Physical Therapist Doctorate Program, a Peer Group mediator and Jerry Segal Charity Classic contributor.

Walk it Out" national 24 hour step-a-thon to bring awareness to SCI.

Research subject at Restorative Therapies Inc.

for muscle atrophy reduction benefits.

Health Professional Peer Mentor at Thoms Jefferson University.

UliheceRleM Koes) RO ioih Ae AQan om Omecries ec] ie Oleleekcscioa te Leven m italien

Featured in Philly.com article on nutrition in health of those living with a disability.

Highlighted in Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Official Journal in an article titled "Cycling with Functional Electrical
Stimulation affer Spinal Cord Injury: What's in it for Me?" Single father of 3 current college students (one senior studying nutrition/chenistry,
one a junior Pharmncist, and a freshman pre-law student).

* Participant and speaker addressing concems of health and nutrition at Magee Rehab's Outpatient Program.

Professional Experience
Company Name Septerrber 2005 Disability Advocate
lena El CG

Advises patients to community resources, make referrals and devises realistic treatrrent plans.

Interviews clients individually and with family to determine what services best address their needs.

Counsels and prepares residents in their transition back into the community.

Encourages members to continue attending group fitness classes.

Represents the company at industry meetings.

Advocates and recommends to patients, care-providers and relatives about communicative strategies and devices.
Cultivates positive relationships within the community through public relations campaigns.

Conducts Community Health Needs Assessment (CHNA).

Works with President and C.E.O offices as patient liaison and report concems appropriately.

Maintains hierarchy structure, ensuring that communication is properly filtered.

Company Name June 1986 to May 2004 Supervisor, Lead Trainer, Human Resources Rep and Shift Controller
lena El CG

[Keo imlatkoriens Ural cm Orie MAU Lect oe nce

Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes; improving accuracy and efficiency.
Ech oom edie Micon mWURe Lamas ctr lce

Updated employee accounts and information on a daily basis.

Akey member of the global distribution operations team, which coordinated shipments globally.
Entered data into DIAS to load and manipulate data for production reports.

Served as mentor to junior team members.

Conducted qualitative and quantitative analysis of logistics operations using simulation models and other tools.
Manually created shipments, assigned carriers and dispatched shipments.

Communicated crises, delays or carrier schedule changes to intemal and external customers.
Dispensed guidance, direction and authorization to carry out effective plans.

Ensured work was accomplished safely with established operating procedures and practices.

Skills
administrative, C, Commumity Health, clients, direction, logistics, meetings, mentor, Works, Needs Assessment, processes, public relations,
