PATIENT ADVOCATE

Summary

Customer service professional dedicated to effective team management and custorrer satisfaction, bringing extensive call center experience in
inbound, outbound and blended environments. Strength in training and development, client relations and problemsolving. Exceptional customer
care professional who addresses inquiries and resolves problerss as they arise.

alg

Customer service expert Customer-focused

Strong organizational skills Skilled multi-tasked

Creative problem solver Deadline- oriented

Active listening skills Schedulng

Quick leamer Bilingual

Training development aptitude Dentrix/Open Dental Training
Credit card processing

schivor anes
Patient Advocate May 2015 to Jun 2017
Company Name i City , State

Maintained accurate records of patient care, condition, progress and concems.

Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.

Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently ina complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment.
RYoa hee ilove reiieecw eel p ecient

Kept record of conversation on each individual file.

Meet certain appointrent goals daily and monthly.

Answered basic questions regarding Insurance, past, and future treatments.

renee Orlce@liirenrag er ce

Insurance Agent Dec 2014 to May 2015
Company Name i City , State

Closed an average of 10 new sales per week.

Cakulted premiums and established payment methods for sales.

Interviewed prospective clients to leam about their financial needs and to discuss any existing coverage.
Processed applications, payments, corrections, endorsements and cancellations.

Met with an average of 5 walk-in policyholders a day to address and resolve comphints.
Called 250 warm leads each week to expand client base.

Promoted agency products to customers in person, on the telephone and in writing,
Finalized sales and collected necessary deposits.

Collected all premiums on or before effective date of coverage.

Prepared necessary paperwork to process insurance sales and renewals.

Nie nicte rm Gminicrenubalhepornelaloi ca oninaenaiiiiionele omy cd

Debt Collector Apr 2014 to Dec 2014
Company Name i City , State

Strong Problem Solver Inbound/Outbound Calls regarding past due accounts with major retailer, and banks.

Collect Daily goals to meet certain amount of money.

High Call Volume Set up payment plains on automated system Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to 20 calls in queue per minute.

Aug 2013 to Mar 2014
Company Name i City , State

Assessed need for, ordered, obtained and interpreted appropriate hb tests.

Recorded patients' medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.

Delivered high-quality and compassionate treatment to indigent and low-income patient community.
Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs.
Scheduled and accompanied clients to medical appointments.

Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.

[Ol eiecebtee Revit aceg si Lan cM nega Patio tom

Assisted with patient transfer and ambulation.

Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problers.

Education and Training
High Schoo! Diplo 2013 Winfree Academy Charter School i State
CNA Certificate 2012 City , State
