CUSTOMER CARE ADVOCATE

schivor anes

Customer Care Advocate 04/2019 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Respond to phone calls and correspondence including but not limited too, appeals, corrected chins, timely filing, and chims projects.

© Responding to high call volumes of incoming calls and customer inquiries from current and prospective members, providers as well as
internal and external business partners and seeing those calls to completion.

© Maintaining current knowledge of BMCHP and Wellsense Health Plan benefits, provider network development and contact issues, Mass

and New Hampshire Medicaid regulations, as well as industry standards for claims adjudication and other party liability issues.

Meeting performance goals established for the position in the areas of productivity, call quality and customer satisfaction.

Adhere to HIPPA guidelines.

Ce eOritilveriniemurercciursd

Customer Care Representative 03/2017 to 04/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Resolving customer inquiries and problems through effective interaction with both internal and external staffa€S particularly in the areas of
ra ccuNv ota olMunnowoh amcor oe nce Oe Mcromeekeatice

© Responding to a high volume of incoming calls and customer inquiries from current and prospective membersa€S providers and both internal

and external staffand utilizes appropriate resource materiak to effectively and accurately interpreta€$ respond and resolve customer

inquiries and sees those calls through to completion.

Utilizing appropriate resource materials to effectively and accurately interpreté€S respond and resolve customer inquiries and problems.

Maintaining knowledge of the plan contracts and effectively interpreting information related to the plan's benefits.

Enploys strong interpersonal skills in order to handle difficult calls courteously and professionally.

Document calls in accordance with departmental policies.

Work with peers to solve problems and promotes teammork.

Makeup Artist 03/2013 to 07/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Educated clients about products and performed full service makeup applications

© Participated in focus days and promotional events to buikd client loyalty and to attract new clientek.
* Achieved sales goals in accordance with productivity objectives.

© Recorded clients purchasing informtion to communicate and ensure future business.
Server/Waitress 08/2009 to 05/2014

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Presented and exphined menus to customers - Answered queries regarding restaurant items and informed them of daily specials.

* Provided excelent customer service: Worked closely with restaurant staffto ensure that orders were served in an efficient manner - Orders
were assembled properly in the kitchen and delivered to customers ina timely manner.

© Dedicated and meticulous - high level of accurateness and attention to detail.

« Eamed mnagennnt trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing Establishment.

Skincare Specialist 07/2006 to 06/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Developed and maintained quality relationships with clients through follow-up practices and event invitations.

* Exceeded sales goals and expectations on various skin care brands by using up-selling

© Produced weekly brand reports in order to identify which products needed additional assistance for meeting monthly saks goals.
© Cakuhted a daily sales goal to help consultants stay on track.

© Attended training and education courses to train peers in various skincare brands.

Beauty Advisor Manager 03/2005 to 05/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Welcomed cach guest while offering a superior customer experience.

© Supervised Beauty department; hired and developed staff, managed performance and oversaw all departmental fictions.

© Responsible for proper promotion of products to all clients through professional tutorials and the introduction of new techniques to filly
rae emUR OSes eee

© Attend periodic vendor training seminars and achieve the highest level of product knowledge.

Work History
Server/Waitress 02/2009 to Current
Company Name - City , State

¢ Presented and explined menus to customers - Answered queries regarding restaurant items and informed them of daily specials.
