PATIENT ADVOCATE
Professional Profile

Detail-oriented, efficient and organized, with extensive background in community-based organizations secks to bring strong work ethic and
engaging interpersonal communication to a vibrant company. Over seven years of experience as an office manager/tax preparation worker and
over three years of experience assisting patients register for government programs.

Qualifications

Independent worker

JEeoneerslnmescsieed

Record-keeping

EMail Software (Outlook, Thunderbird, etc)
Internet Browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc)
Peripheral Devices (Scanners, Printers, etc)
Personal Computers

Spreadsheet Software (Calc, Excel, etc)

Utility Software (Virus, File Compression, etc)
Word Processing Software (Word, WordPerfect, etc)
Tax preparation

schivor anes
I alvcr@tehruciiiel
September 2009 to December 2014 Company Name it City , State

Answer applicants' questions about benefits and chim procedures.

ea nM netciihed cio scnenl cemiceinomeci ara me ullinmomueneniicaneestice

Interpret and exphin informtion such as elighility requirements, application details, payment methods, and applicants’ Jegal rights.

Initiate procedures to grant, modify, deny, or terminate assistance, or refer applicants to other agencies for assistance.

Compile, record, and evaluate personal and financial data in order to verify completeness and accuracy, and to determine elighility status.
Interview and investigate applicants for public assistance to gather information pertinent to their applications.

Check with employers or other references to verify answers and obtain further information.

Keep records of assigned cases, and prepare required reports.

Schedule benefits chimants for adjudication interviews to address questions of elighbility.

Prepare applications and forms for applicants for such purposes as school enrollment, employment, and medical services.

BiveWiwehan@iiesuolaos
December 2005 to September 2009 Company Narre it4 City , State

© Would supervise employees engaged in tax preparation services.

* Compute taxes owed or overpaid, using adding machines or personal computers, and compkte entries on forms, following tax form
SHCHE AL oN CGE a isle con

Prepare or assist in preparing simple to complex tax returns for individuals or small businesses.

DOS P Eno cy descr lPI CCMA neeLeicmal eRe me ice Ol Cage rel ot CMs Cece ORB ELTED LENS

Interview clients to obtain additional information on taxable income and deductible expenses and allowances.

Review financial records such as income statements and documentation of expenditures to determine forms needed to prepare tax returns.
Furnish taxpayers with sufficient information and advice to ensure correct tax form completion.

Consult tax law handbooks or bulletins to determine procedures for preparation of atypical retums.

Cakuhte form preparation fees according to retum complexity and processing time required.

Check data input or verify totals on forms prepared by others to detect errors in arithmretic, data entry, or procedures.

BiveWiwehan@iiesuolaos
January 2002 to December 2004 Company Name 1 City , State

© Would supervise employees engaged in tax preparation services.

© Compute taxes owed or overpaid, using adding machines or personal computers, and compkte entries on forms, following tax form
SHCHE AL oN CGE a isle con

Prepare or assist in preparing simple to complex tax returns for individuals or small businesses.

DOS P Eno cy descr lPI CCMA neeLeicmal eRe me ice Ol Cage rel ot CMs Cece ORB ELTED LENS

Interview clients to obtain additional information on taxable income and deductible expenses and allowances.

Review financial records such as income statements and documentation of expenditures to determine forms needed to prepare tax returns.
Furnish taxpayers with sufficient information and advice to ensure correct tax form completion.

Consult tax law handbooks or bulletins to determine procedures for preparation of atypical retums.

Cakuhte form preparation fees according to retum complexity and processing time required.

Check data input or verify totals on forms prepared by others to detect errors in arithmretic, data entry, or procedures.
