BILINGUAL CLIENT ADVOCATE
Professional Summary

Organized, hardworking, and reliable social worker dedicated to providing effective and empathetic help. Adept at documenting case files and
assessing clients. Talented at setting clients at ease and handling the stressful demands of working with cases of victims ofabuse. Accustomed to
working in fast-paced environments. Proficient at communicating with clients and professionals including attomeys, Judges, police officers, and
others. Skilled at finding and implementing the best possible solution.

Qualifications

Ability to work efléctively on my own initiative as well as withina team
Respectable verbal and writing skills for report and assessment writing
Experienced using Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Outlook.

Proficient at managing complex case loads

More than five years of providing exceptional customer service

Ability to comply with company policies and procedures

RNceble ethers aiceinkeneclinem uli ca las iy

Cultural competent professional

schivor anes
PCE ORILT 0
Bilingual Client Advocate Company Narre 1% City , State

a OSB OU OSE eR Oc an eae UL a oa ECE SLO SEs ne
Provide or arrange emergency transportation for incorring clients.A

Uhh de og CCIE MBLs Cote eee aie Cm SE On eto Cae Ln cL ESS SELL SO RLS Ld
lidcoctuibAnal aire GMs UU Mee eed Cum OCH Me un. MMLCm clita scCeMmieulelien ica hile

Documents appropriate information in client files and communication log in a timely manner.A Compketes all appropriate forms maintained in
resident files.

05/2014 to 10/2015
Conservatorship (CVS) Specialist Company Nan i City , State

Responsibilities:

© Determining each chikl's needs and arranging for additional testing, evaluations, records, or firther assessments they need.

Assess families and create individualize service plans.

Participating in court hearings. This includes preparing a family before the hearings, preparing court reports, and testifying in court about the
chikl's needs, the family’s progress, and the department's efforts to achieve permanency for the child.

Deatupurieceesie wwe aenyii

Monitoring parents, children, and other important individuals involved in the case.

Follow up with professionals to monitor the families progress.

ore h inat Gl ORc a eno OKs onli cincMins hh Lomiieiiat st acelicoiimMlee kel cee

Maintaining good working relationships between Child Protective Services staffand law enforcement officials, judicial officials, legal
resources, medical professionals, and other commumity resources.

Visiting children and parents at least monthly for one hour to see ifneeds were been net.

Schedule weekly visits between parents and children and provide transportation.

Complete numerous of different types of forms.

Investigate through out the case.

Attend and actively participate in unit meetings, trainings, Family Group Conferences, staff meetings, Penmanency conferences, and other
orescenam ined las

Request hw enforcement, medical, educational reports, run criminal and CPS history, and report abuse.

© Utilize the State equipment such as assign laptop, printers, fax machines, and more.
© Conduct hone studies

Accomplishents:

Sotvons ew Deed sores mS wee tcos cle ne Rea ticed| (4

Best Title IV-E intem of 2014

Successfilly, managed approximtely 40 cases of child abuse

Impressed direct supervisor, program director, co-workers, and other professionals with my work ethic.

Complemented multiple of times on my investigation, empathy, and ability to form and sustain positive relationships with challenging clients.
