CHILD ADVOCATE MANAGER

Summary

To apply creative problem solving and managerment skills with a growing company. To manage people and interface with customers while using my
skill in the best possible way to achieve organizational goals.

Highlights

Cer arte Roan © Reading Comprehension

CRS eR UG choice SS ACEP ANS)

© Service Orientation © Instructing

© Critical Thinking CR runenene beds enw clansd
Accomplishments

© Established and executed marketing ideas for internal customers. This program resulted in consistent service, higher levels of service, and
Prete Mca Teron ecR Raina eae cee

© Developed forms and procedures designed to streamline administrative programs.

* Selected to participate as the lead coach on task force that instructed various grades between 2nd and Sth grade.A AlsoA guided a
on Lecke“coro nein Cm MllieurleaenoRoe hel ekeneose cere eB eRs alicm

schivor anes
AU RE @tacans
OP Neel Bol com Mer cnet aL OS MCI HIG)

© Evaluate personal characteristics and home conditions of foster home or adoption applicants Serve as liaisons between students, homes,
schook, fanily services, child guidance clinics, courts, protective services, doctors, and other contacts to help children who face probkns,
such as disabilities, abuse, or poverty.

Maintain case history records and prepare reports.

Counsel parents with child rearing problems, interviewing the child and family to determine whether further action is required.

Address legal issues, such as child abuse and discipline, assisting with hearings and providing testimony to inform custody arrangements.
Develop and review service plans in consultation with clients and perform follow-ups assessing the quantity and quality of services provided.
Penile iceman ech Pcocge cima Geta deni cian cmrne elie cMemconeel cave ce WW

10/2014 to 01/2015
Data Processor Company Name iA City , State

© Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts,
or obtain details of comphints.

© Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers’ problems.

© Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, comphints, or comments, as well as actions taken.

* Resolve customers’ service or billing comphints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refimding money, or adjusting
PTS

© Complete contract forms, prepare change of address records, or issue service discontinuance orders, using computers.

SUC SORA C
Seasonal Activities Coordinator Company Name 14 City , State

* Enforce ruks and regulations of recreational facilities to maintain discipline and ensure safety.

© Manage the daily operations of recreational facilities.

© Administer first aid according to prescribed procedures and notify emergency medical personnel when necessary.

* Organize, lead, and promote interest in recreational activities, such as arts, crafts, sports, games, camping, and hobbies.

© Greet new arrivals to activities, introducing them to other participants, explaining facility rules, and encouraging participation.

05/2012 to 05/2014
Assistant Manager Company Name iA City , State

® Provide training direction, encouragement, motivation, and nutritional advice to prepare athletes for games, competitive events, or tours.

¢ Plan, organize, and conduct practice sessions.

Ce sierra ies aba ulcers ecb a Leicy

© Plan and direct physical conditioning programs that will enable athletes to achieve maximum perfonmarce.

© Instruct individuals or groups in sports rules, game strategies, and performance principles, such as specific ways of moving the body, hands,
le commOPNe cet lect meB ecnice

09/2011 to 04/2012
Professional International Athlete Company Name 1% City , State

* Assess performance following athletic competition, identifying strengths and weaknesses and making adjustments to improve fiture
pias uersth nen
© Maintain equipment used in a particular sport.
