FAMILY AND COMMUNITY ADVOCATE

Professional Summary

Affiliations

Creative problem solver & computer literate Experience in Domestic Violence advocacy, conflict resolution, Trauma counseling & community
referrals Excellent communication, organizational and information gathering skills Effective mutticuttural communication & interaction skills Ability to
provide crisis services including suicide prevention Expertise in Counseling (including in-home) & group facilitation Expertise in developing,
impkeenting & monitoring different projects and/or assignments Knowledge of techniques used for both Mental Health & Substance Abuse
services/Cognitive Behaviorist

alg

Ryo S ie eltctice

Team leadership

NTioemto ikea rnnitedte et)
UosNbrazetaiveg

[Nias eceiibey

Extremely organized

(Ol Poneccecsn aren teti alt

Work History
03/2015 to 09/2017
Family and Community Advocate Company Name a€* City , State

Completion of or update of applications leading to financial assistance toward home heating or cooling bills; as well as assistance towards
rent or mortgage payments to at-risk low income, elderly and disabled households.

Referrals to commumity resources as needed.

Completion of applications for Home Weatherization program and agency Head Start Facilities.

Compiled and monitored case files.

Coordinator of VITA Tax program.

Community Outreach 4x's yearly.

Utilized technology solutions for data entry.

(Oo renee Predn ct enw RY B reno com eB estes Ec r em

01/2009 to 01/2011
Substance Abuse Counselor Company Name a€“ City , State

Completed Psychosocial Assessments and Treatment Plans to determine the elighility and provisional needs of persons suffering from
Opiate Addiction.

Monitored progress through weekly individual and group sessions, team staff meetings, and random Urine Surveillance.

Completed authorization for T-19 reimbursements.

Collaborated with or-site medical team for maximum services.

Compiled and monitored case files.

Provided community referrals as needed.

elem ceCan

01/2008 to 01/2009
Case Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

Completed Psychosocial Assessments and Treatment Plans.

Compiled and monitored case files.

Utilized technology solutions to streamline data entry and report writing,
Collaborated with in-house and community staff to maximize services.
Provided community referrals as needed.

Monitored daily living activities to assess quality of life status.
(Oem renner cy

On clients seen and services rendered.

Os ereem ncarenacc eb CMP Mieclabe i mikeenst sce

01/2004 to 01/2008
Lead Case Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

Completed Psychosocial Assessments and Treatment Plans within the Prison setting to determine provisional needs for discharging inmates
in the area of personal and family adjustments, finances, employment, food and clothing, housing, and physical and mental impairments.
Developed and implemented program curriculum,

KU cc P en nike malic cone Aee Leck Ones iem niet stan Crivem igre exe oie SCs oem

Supervisor and trainer of Masters and Bachelor Interns.

Provided employment services including resume writing, job leads, job retention.

lentes ene enim menos hecraleninm aimee) (cad
