CHARGE NURSE
Professional Summary

Objective: To obtain a RN position in Intake ,Case Management or on a Behavioral Health Unit.

Seasoned Charge Nurse with more than 10 years of experience on fast paced Dual Diagnosis /Chemical Dependency Unit and 13 years in Med-
Si ses

Experience with Holistic multi-disciplmary coordination of care for patients, including collaborating with Case Managers, Physicians, Ancillary
providers,Social Workers and other internal and extemal programs.

Experience de-escalating hostile and aggressive patients by use of least restrictive interventions and proactively ensured safety of patients and stafE

SAIS
CRB yrenccteliritet)
Se erent ae once
SIU csreli Coc sare a eae a ae
¢ Detail oriented aries
Pioneers ein
PS THeea ive eel ie

Work History

Charge Nurse , 07/2018 to 09/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Assigned and delegated responsibilities based on staff competencies and patient needs.

¢ Provided intervention medication as ordered and support to patients with acute,chronic and drug induced mental illness.

© Ensured that doctor's order were efficiently carried out, including testing, medical procedures,consultations and stat orders for psychiatric
/redical errergencies.

¢ Performed daily nursing assessments on assigned patients, including assessment of mood, suicide, safety risk and narrative of patient's daily
activities,

cd

Intake Nurse , 09/2019 to 04/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Perused referrals and conducted RN to RN report from other facilities seeking admit to determine if patient was appropriate.
© Performed admission assessments focusing on patients with acute symptoms of mental illness and polysubstance abuse.

* Monitored suicidalpsychotic and patients in active withdrawal and maintained safety until transferred to designated unit.

© Acted in accordance with facility policy and appropriate nursing care.

© Provided compassionate and empathetic care to patients in safe, therapeutic environment.

« Administered PO and IM psychotropic medication as needed while monitoring patients for side effects.

Charge Nurse , 03/2006 to 10/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Provided care on busy Chemical Detox and Dual Diagnosis unit. Assessing the health of patients using specialized knowledge and skils,and
PiiesacihncalecRet eee anes NUn a Ruatt once

Assigned and delegated responsibilities based on staff competencies and patient needs.

Consulted anand coordinated with healthcare team members to assess,plan, implement or evaluate patient plan of care.

Preformed admissions and discharges.

Provided therapeutic interactions with patients to assist them in identifying sources of Anxiety and Depression .

Exercised effective judgement and medical training when handling psychiatric and medical emergencies.

Staff Nurse , 01/2004 to 03/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Provided rehabilitative nursing care involving ADL’s and other issues to promote and restore independence in patients.
« Assessed patient vital signs,any status changes ,reviewed lab results and notified medical attending of any abnormalities when appropriate.
¢ Administered medications and treatments in accordance with hospital policy.

Staff Nurse , 03/2002 to 03/2004
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Provided care on busy Med-Surg/ Oncology unit.

¢ Administered medications and treatments and monitored for signs of adverse effects.

© Established a caring,therapeutic relationship with patients and families.

* Colkborated with staffto forma phn of care based on clinical information and patient observations.
