MARKET CONSULTANT - HEALTHCARE ADVOCATE

Professional Summary

Anbitious and dedicated managed care professional with robust organizational, communication and customer service skills. Multi-disciplnary
industry expertise with an emphasis in provider outreach, research\analysis and data integrity. Secking a position to partake in new and innovative
improvement processes and proactive provider education efforts.

Education and Training
BBA: Business Administration Hun Resources Management University of New Mexico 14 City , State Business Administration Human
Resources Management
Skill Highlights
¢ Relationship and team building
* Government relations knowledge " Rapa nati
CeO gCSe ILE Roth) ae een a ski
* Personal and professional integrity caainrae 5 on
Aen era . ei BUI Se D CR CALAN ES eee a](cIi
© Project management
Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd
Member of Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
Professional Experience

Market Consultant - Healthcare Advocate
August 2015 to Current Company Name 1 City , State

* Provides in the fickl market by market strategy,A expertise, & execution on Risk AdjustmentA & Clinical Quality Programs
GIS CATES) We resent carr tbicronon med nrucnte er Wycnr oat

¢ Acts as a designated resource for the Provider group to gain engagement.

© Performs data analytics to help identify high risk members and to develop a strategy and plan for the practice.

* Consults to help improve coding accuracy, documentation and management of patient assessment information.

¢ Facilitates access to medical records for chart review purposes.

© Utilizes programs such as SalesForce, Tableau, Concur, and SharePoint to track various activities and reporting.

Provider Network Specialist
February 2014 to August 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Supported contracting efforts to "close the pricing gap" for both the Blue Community HMO and Blue Advantage HMO networks for the
health insurance exchange, along with involvement in the beginning stages of additional exchange network implementations for 2015.
Validated designations for all Essential Community Providers contracted with both exchange HMO Innes of business.

© Strengthened and maintained provider relationships located within the Northeast region of New Mexico, including the Taos PHO and La
MCI y AS

Audited monthly rosters received from the Taos PHO and La Vida IPA to insure correct system representation within PPW and Provider
Finder.

AM AisrlccEecn ero ee Ones een ewer c cna wana oLO Mua ores gtath cm ete tem

Utilized Blue Chip, PRAP and PQRS for additional claims issues review.

QU slnciodrnenienccus Recs cece tem alin cco liLeriecbuleatihonigncea tam macace

(Oreck oinenieRenica orien teunieance om D nek ale E con

Completed Single Case Agreements Assisted with maintaining Centennial Care and Medicare Appeals and Grievances.

Participated in Behavioral Health Roster Project and Lovelace named Medicare Advantage Contract project.

Chins and Third Party Liability Supervisor
Deven scwA Robo MACeGen ean aT LOIN MENIE (cl

Ensured compliance with HIPAA regulations and requirements.

Maintained daily operations and processes within the department by monitoring employee workflow and distribution.

Championed compliance with all departmental policies, as well as interface with Quality Assurance regarding procedure compliance.
Streamlined departmental and individual performance metrics and took proactive action when necessary ona timely basis to maintain
desired workflow outputs.

Developed and implemented system and operational changes to improve service and production efficiency.

Collaborated with the Training and Quality Review team to implement new and revised procedures.

Strengthened the chim approval process including, but not limited to, providing assistance and support to negotiators with complex and/or
difficult claims to determine negotiation leveraging points.

Collaborate, coordinated, and communicated across various disciplines and departments.

Championed internal audit rebuttal reviews and one-on-one feedback to direct staff

Boosted company efficiency and client satisfaction by streamlining processes deemed inefficient.

FN or tes POciPsLeciurieere els ehiis scniaer cu mcnan ce Oe canlimeelties RCleRSccclerb ins cm

Identified process boundaries and determined opportunities to automate processes and fimctions.
