MANAGER, DIGITAL MARKETING AND COMMUNICATIONS

Objective

Obtain the Health Analytic Consultant position at UnitedHealthcare to firther my professional career by continuing to utilize and expand my
analytic, organizational, and interpersonal skills.

Skills

¢ More than 19 years experience in healthcare, business developrent, marketing and plaming analysis.

EOP Mba ee nel surety nated rdine gs Varnc One eeite le ocr at os yernntery
SCH Eatner ge ruct aN

© Mined data to provide qualitative and quantitative analysis to key stakeholders, including executive team, regarding business initiatives.

re ROTO e ener arc ie Micoret re Moe Mircea crc ere bertc ora erelh

Ro dred ie renner cme inckcarse nines Omir eds cherie

¢ Extensive knowledge, skills and experience with technical databases and software, such as Content Management Systems (HTML code),
Google Analytics, Google Adwords, and Microsoft Office:A Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint, and Word.

ieectenbonmaranecd
Manager, Digital Marketing and Communications Aug 2014 to Current
Company Name

os or eur aan sea ow We Lecce rg mitogenesis crag onnictccrn bc Lm
32M (based on $1,250/patient). A_1.3M physician profile views and 46% increase in total calls YoY. A Launched site in3 months.

He aC RC ee SC ana ate a Caco m oe Clcea Lc Lea CLS L LiLo A Presented executive
summary that outlined results and recommendations on improverrents.A

Poe Reclomth attic ou ee ae SMe Pam ans COR arereneme nn weee ian etc

Project manager of AMGdoctors.com. A 23% increase in visits (YoY) and 8% increase pageviews. A 41% of traflic comes frommnbile
CO conn anne tsuneo precennG kerr tw MR comer aatrancm cout ren cnl Monee NOL manent
in 2015, producing 8.3 million dollars in downstream revenue (based $1,250/patient).

Manager of Advocatedocs.com, Advocate's first digital physician platform providing the latest alerts, policies, and physician referral
database. A Exponential monthly growth (26%MoM).A.

(Oo sleet oe uibrisatioe Recent Reoaie ey Renlinekueren tn rites te ltce

Monitor expenditures to ensure implementation of projects are cost effective.

NY aon) room UALR COPA AUD CD
Company Name

Impkerent and manage continuous improverrents based on digital dashboards and market research to increase the effectiveness of
AMGdoctors.comand online marketing initiatives.

Research and implement effective online strategies to optimize Search Engine Optimization (SEO) through page titles, content, layout and
Clesu aoe HE Nese LNLOMM MOMEn eR RLS sccm

Develop Google Adwords campaigns by meeting with the customers, conducting research, developing a proposal, developing Google Ads
and keywords, tracking results using Google Analytics, and modifying campaigns to improve results,

¢ Prepare, present, and review reports froma variety of databases within Google Analytics.

Identify, prioritize, and delegate projects to team members.

yr yeddo onan Brahe Reininemecnceuo nme coub yim yieledgt nescence ycus tn uA

Cd

Senior Planning Analyst Jan 2006 to Jun 2007
Company Name

¢ Conducted online competitive analysis in order to identify competitor strategies on specific site and system growth initiatives.
© Created and presented market assessments and recommendations to executive managerrent based on analytic results.
CPs ecboie subline ens coasiaten

Jan 2006 to Aug 2006
Company Name

¢ Interim Director of CRM Data Warehouse. A Managed CRM Data Warehouse budget for system and hospital initiatives. A Developed
CRM projects to determine retum on investment for the Marketing department and other departrrents within Strategic Planning and
Growth. A Identified intemal customers’ needs, collected data obtaining the customers’ objectives using CRM database, and interpreted the
results to assist in strategic planning and marketing,

¢ Developed and conducted CRM training for planning, CRM Analyst and intermal customers, which entailed: data sources, relational
databases, setting theories, building filters/queries, creating mail lists, and generating standard reports producing demographic profiles and
encounter analysis for determining ROI.

© Created SQL reports using CRM database.

¢ Filtered data fiom Alkegra, IDX, Contact Center Database, Credentialing Office, Physician Lists, and other internal customer/patient source
