QUALITY ASSURANCE ADVOCATE
Summry
Ihave recently compkted five years of military service with the United States Army. During my tenure in the service, I have acquired training and
ee eB RL GCob a Mid Monn aera Lemoore rece ran meals aacen cert e| PuaIsenbel
administration. As you will note from my resume, I have progressed through several kevels of adership responsibilities and have excelled in
consistently exceeding organizational goals for productivity and quality. Based on my diverse experience, extensive training, and strong work ethic,
Ea eR onset mn cco ERs siren soe Rte onm neher aN cna Ob coat tl] iy awe Oe tulieg
discuss my qualifications. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to speaking with you by the end of the week. Sincerely,
RTC Seda CP nun sues mllnee zs ace ate stir onl baat
be hranianiay

© Troubleshooting proficiency

AV ey Lori eren ¢ Accomplished with mobil devices

ee Croan ere Ts © Proficient in AVG, Printers, PC Security systems

4 5 ialvoneveemerliucng
SP SPN o ieee erie a cc ane ; ,
Mae cen ¢ Exceptional telephone etiquette

Experience
QUALITY ASSURANCE ADVOCATE
PLS PAU CS Rl coe Gen ees SON MESA

Se eC Le Recon s Toren teers M Cr MC ce ey Le alisg dernier
Wamer Cable Quality database, recording platfonrs, and analytics tools, perform trend based auditing and data entry Calibrate for
Oe nao see ee ae SCT ana Een een Ted BSR tances Eni coe onal Meer erg
trends Active in site Ievel events supporting the Quality initiative (this may include mentoring, new hire support, recognition events, etc.).

SIGNATURE HOME ADVISOR.
May 2013 to August 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Be Ue S SUL soe eM Lud el ecaa en ORO oR Di Ee Eocene nc tener rin cn Tce I iia ney or}
solving, modification, enhancement and when required, de-activation.

SEOUL SE Bo SL Kenly mn ice lad eee Ros OPN une oMe eras aeearc ca een OE RT TNA

* Utilies a thorough knowledge of billing system fimetions, order entry processes, TWC marketing strategies and pricing structure, TWC
products and services, and troubleshooting of those products and services.

* Troubleshoots with TWC subscribers who are having difficulty with video and data services utilizing all available diagnostic took.

RETAIL SALES CONSULTANT
April2012 to April2013 Company Name 1% City, State

© Time 30 hrstveek.

¢ Sok all products and services offered by the Company.

* Metall sales objectives and handk all administrative aspects of the sale including: completing customer contracts and warranties, pulling
Ueetasn Me enmoccuteascem sence ieee lide ekeotrn aet hee ce

¢ Maintained strong knowledge ofall Company products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions, and service features,

LEASING CONSULTANT
ATP BROS PA elena NTs Arar

© Time 30 hrstveek.

Interacted with prospective and current residents to explain the apartrent community and its units, along with the benefits of the living there
OR atainurtitocunentnaare brags sarurenentree

Responsible for ensuring that the entire leasing process is compkted in accordance with the policies and procedures outlined in the

A hleteanra@ sad labecnian cs

Assisted with preparing leasing paperwork (ie.

applications, kase agreements, addenda, employment checks, credit checks and leasing move-in packets.), collecting and safeguarding of
all monies, maintaining all resident files, and completing of service request forms.

INTERN STUDENT
September 2010 to May 2011 Company Nanx 1% City , State

* Time 30 hrs/veek Analyzed and resolved both sinpke and complex computer problems Provided effective, courteous, and timely responses
to requests for service Maintained confidentiality and integrity of information residing on client systems, as well as physical security of those
systems Integrated clients' desktop systems with supported RIT systems and servers.

HUMAN RESOURCE ASSISTANT
May 2008 to December 2009 Company Name i City , State

© Time 40hrsveck Conducted either the pre-cnlistment and/or the pre-accession interview of applicants Questioned applicants to obtain
