CLINICAL SERVICE ADVOCATE

Professional Summary

To be part ofan organization which assist and offers services to individuals in need as well as allow me to utilize my past experience and education,
and offer new challenges as well as growth within the agency.

Skill Highlights

Areas of Specialty Dormstic Violence, Sexual Abuse, Rape, Prostitution *Mental Health, Substance Abuse, Depression, Anxiety, Bipolar,
Schizophrenia *Homekssness, Community Inclusion, Shelter System, HRA, SSI, NYCHA, Section 8, Commumity Resources *Mental
Retardation, Down Syndrome, Medication Dispensing, Residential services, Autism *Runaway Teenagers, ADHD, ADD, Truancy, Family

pina aten bet]

schivor anes

To seek and obtain employment in an organization wich will allow m utilize my past experince, skills, as well as aqcired sills, and ofer new challeges
as wellas wellas offer growth within th organization

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science , Human Services Psychology and Sociology 2007 Boricua College 4 City , State, NY GPA: Dean's List Honor Roll
Student 2006-2007 and 2008 Secretary of the Student Body and Vice President of the Research studies (Latinas take a Stand against Violence
Hummn Services Psychology and Sociology Dean's List Honor Roll Student 2006-2007 and 2008 Secretary of the Student Body and Vice
President of the Research studies (Latina take a Stand against Violence) ad President of Women against Human Trafficking

Bachelor's June 2008

Master's Degree , Clinical Counseling and Psychology Human Personalities and Behaviors Clinical Counseling and Psychology Human
Personalities and Behaviors

Master of Science , Da Masters Degree i Psychology an Clinical Social Work May 2012 City College Colurbia University 1% City , State
nyAfliliation Awarded three scholarships for academic achieverrents, maintaining a 3.8 GPA for three consecutive semesters and voluntecring
work in the communities as well as being recognized for a strong advocate for women in need. Neon Natal as well and or also Prennture Babies
born with different types of addictions, which required hands on and constant supervision. I was offered a position on Sept. 2014, but I was
unable to accept because my passion was so great I could not see myself doing this kind of love labor for money or support. I also volunteered
from 2006 through 2010 at Catholic Guardian with Clinical Manager Enid Cruz LCSW, as a Case Planner, Home finder, ISP development, and
did many home visits. My duties were more than a volunteer for me. ST Bamabas, I have volunteered for seven years 2008-Present in the Psych
ER, Maternity ward, and anywhere needed. I have developed a team of intems from both universities I attended Colurbia and Fordham /Boricua
College in one team consisting of 25 where we work with Mark Cruz Senator and directly under the need and supervision of personal mentors
Ruben Diaz Sr and Jr. Now Jr. is the Bronx Borough President whik, Diaz Sr. is the Hunts point senator service the south Bronx area of the
Bronx giving out resources, information to drop in centers, centers they can stop by should they need the services. Over 30 affiliates agencies who
work well with homeless, DV, Substance Abuse, Homekss, HIV, Transgender, Anti Violence, A Date Rape, Coming out Support and ways to
seek help ifdesire to get clean. Even new resources ofan agency that preps with mocking interviewed, resume prep, clothing for the interview and
the MetroCard ifneeded. And City advocates names numbers district assistance and what they are expected to do for the constituents. Help with
HRA/TANF/ FOOD STAMPS, SSDI, SSI, and any form, or type of help despite their age color sexual orientation believe or anything we help
all. The second team consists of 15-20 interns who work in the East Harlem under the direct supervision and per need of City Council President
Melissa Mark Vivirito. I have also worked with now Mayor when he was the city's Advocate Mr. Bill Di Blasio as well as Jo Serrano who
worked with myselfand a bunch of student feeding and transporting street homeless adults out of the frigid weather and into shelters for the night
or more time ifwished needed and as per case to case

schivor anes

Clinical Service Advocate Jul 2015 to Jun 2016

Company Name

* Provided quality services t elderly populations who lives and or resided within their respective homes, but were in need of various services
or resources available for hem within the community.

© Escorted clients as needed to medical appointments, psychiatrist, housing and any appointments needed to advocate and or inform both
PELLCR EVES ui cay aCe a oLemnl cng Lekemeranent Re Vencal tenuis cee ben sc Ry cicm

© Completed housing application, as well as entitlements application letters or docurent submission.

© Discussed any significant events with family, doctors, service providers, social care coordinators, and all involved in client's treatment plan.

Women's EmpowernentCounselor/ Advocate Jan 2011 to May 2015
lena El CG

© Provide crisis intervention services to women and their chiiren, corning into shelter after leaving their abusive homes.

© Facilitated groups for women survivors of domestic violence, sexual abuse and incest.

* Provided comprehensive services to women and their families in need of outside resources, agencies, referrals, called and scheduled
appointrents and if needed escorted the clients to these appointments to ensure that language barrier would not be a reason in order to
obtain or receive services Explored and informed clients who were non English speakers and unaware or litte informed of the legal system
in the states their rights.

Assisted clients navigate the HRA, Legal, BOE, shelter, Section 8, NYCHA, affordable housing, HASA, ACS system according to each
clients and families’ needs and situation,

* Advocated for clients, also providing clients tools, skills, and insight knowledge on their fiture independence as women whether it was
Latinas, women of color, Caucasian or Asian, always reminding them that their worth was important and that they can achieve their highest
level of potential.
