CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE
Summary

Talented Customer Service manager skilled at balancing customer needs and company demands. Effectively builds loyalty and long-term
relationships with customers while achieving all individual sales goals. A sales manager skilled in exceeding sales goals and company expectations
onetnnntalaia chor eB isunauiig as Rinunecie ke caro aeca ay oom

Nas

Superb saks professional Store planning and design Strong communication skills Detail-oriented Persomel training and development Time
Piaisuanens gre clei UNEe)i ec

Accomplishments

Awarded annual merit increases during the first 15 years of employment.

Consistently exceeded daily sales targets with an average of 5000+ in sales each day.

WW itetect ms etreae bal cacy MAB ran Harmirnekuensc all imoneaat at kl eee a aly Texas rent
Nrewecomhmisi cee ainllobibisaindces manish

Fulfilled all supervisory duties when Store Manager was on vacation.

Interviewed applicants and successfillly staffed any vacancies throughout store, focusing primarily on assigned areas.
Routinely helped as many as 20 customers each day ina high-volume retail outlet.

Promoted to Call Center kad within 6 months ofemploynent.

Cr eT

Experience

03/2015 to 102016

OTe moar cree Onn Neh aS NMRA Cr cocker agarose cniERinog nib earcles acre im cunnurad
up-to-date records at all times. Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. Demonstrated mastery of
Ciena maaretes Roaw ACs ncelcemtnreicty a

10/1995 to 02/2014

Re Abi cc ae Qn eee SALON AECL HL.

Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints. Design
and impkrrented customer satisfaction metrics. Completed weekly scheduks according to payroll policies. Trained all new managers on
Ore reenact Bream brlnce Roa america omccaL CAMu nn Cccm Omi almitne cing oor ta ect esl
meetings. Reorganized the sakes floor to meet company demands.Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. Received
and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing
cash registers and creating staff assignments. Worked as a team member to provide the highest Ievel of service to customers. Maintained
Fieondlatneboneecs tal Cardenas orton Cou cetktelel prcwianecimpichescce arb erstalabe ecko RiClnaockicm Banpercil cent ia
customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal
recommendations.Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.

Resolved customer comphints by exchanging merchandise, refinding money and adjusting bills.

Noted toe cen icon ames naNenLO ne R ol onic eee NosnerkesOrrant nena) cing cone cent)
friendly and engaging manner. Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards. Managed wide
variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Hired and trained all sales staff for new store location.

Trained in negotiations and time management,

Determined staff promotions and demotions and terminated employees when necessary.

Addressed and corrected sales staff communication issues in a tactful and effective manner.

Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory taking and reconciling cash receipts.

Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.
Oicckaonmedneanrenjawenenguanecniesruineced

Designed displays to make the store experience interactive and engaging.

Displayed the appropriate signage for products and sales promotions.

Arranged items in favorabk positions and areas of the store for optimal sales.

Established and maintained proper high traffic displays, resulting in increased sakes.

Conducted staff meetings with sales personnel to introduce new merchandise.

Researched current and past business performance using on-line systems and availabk reports.

Effectively communicated and coordinated execution of the plano-gram with store management.

SO Tae TOR oki a bee)
RAR blyncm Our ee CIES LOS MSI HLC

 )

WWE cm kRU UM enlace voce mioacad ice aiconccc tec Tene Oe rani en ck Clr nese iene
Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and comphints in person and via phore.

Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service kvel standards.

Managed saks staffof6 members.

Pohtcimckoed oneal orugcearecd AUculieE ECO Suneeno Kaci ce

OU ieiuem hares resins (ccce a cae] es ectnle
