INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY TECHNICIAN I
Ritarasad

Versatile Systems Administrator possessing superior troubleshooting skills for networking issues, end user problems, and network security.

eb ac Mos alam NE Menor neg rae oi PSs Balika cK B Colmer anem Mt cnor sana
and focused on taking a systematic approach to solving compkx probs. Demonstrated exceptional technical knowledge and skills whike
working with various teams to achieve shared goals and objectives,

Parana

°
cy
e

Active Directory ¢ New technology and product research
Cicoh oR Me a) youcy PMR O i ocRin ET @avstic)
Sale ins ASN o nM SOILS ietisteciran’

Pie Coresei@cnwisniic Ce orecalaaebisicanang
CM Giitocnaraned ¢ Disaster recovery
Experience

Information Technology Technician I Aug 2007 to Current
Cer eta yA OL EST TC!

Ce Ce ee |

ee ee ee er ey Cr

Ce ee ee

Migrating and managing user accounts in Microsoft Office 365 and Exchange Online.

Seen BEUCATBCo PORE Aaa eens rte ete Ds tenne Directory Federation Services (ADFS) in
Microsoft Windows Azure (IaaS).

OTe Bares eei cee IV ace LN ew tek (ECS)

Installing and configuring StorSimple iSCSI cloud array (STaaS/BaaS).

Installing, configuring, and testing Twinstrata iSCSI cloud array (STaaS/BaaS).

eee eliexayeieloug Eee eR coer uc eek

Developing detailed specifications for the Office 365 migration, including business-case documentation, cost benefit analyses, technical
diagrarrs, and work flow documentation.

ee SDC ce MO BUMS E ns eR SremN Ca D ane” me Re et ee Tel on using HTMLS and CSS3.
SE coe R In eoitiee Mune nis Oa Conc (aa eeauter aie cct

Conpiling and generating statistical information conceming wireless network traffic using Cacti.

Configuring wireless LAN router networking and security access.

Installing and configuring wireless certificates.

Developing detailed specifications for the acquisition of an Enterprise backup system including systems design, business-case
documentation, cost benefit analysis, technical diagrams, and work flow docurentation.

Reviewing, evaluating, and analyzing departmental policies, guidelines, procedures, and standards with Pretest cnr nash eRe ia
Developing test scripts for acceptance, unit, and system testing of Hyperion Phase 1 and MiamiBiz Phase 2.

Pte op acdOlinpaccenbadneRCaracg Lane a sync Orscom Mets RU Car isi4 2 eee

Debugging and logging of errors in Hyperion and MiamiBiz using Team Foundation Server (TF hy)

Participated in various phases of the project life cycle such as: determining requirements, design conceptualization, testing, implementation,
deployment, and release for the Hyperion and MiamiBiz projects.

Oo leoclieeepelaua ees iece eee rates

Preparing presentations and docurrentation to demonstrate Hyperion and MiamiBiz fimctionality or design.

Monitoring network traffic, and compiling and generating statistical information using Solar Winds.

Colhborating on Disaster Recovery plan and procedures.

Researching, evaluating, and recommending new hardware and new software.

Conmunicating and defining systems design and requirements for new and existing systems and applications.

Researching, evaluating, recommending, testing, and implementing third party software/utilities.

ere Melee ea a OL cca ts endl Omer ae] ane notce naa teem peyuesl Be

Reviewing, evaluating, and analyzing existing system and application viability with management and staff

PCC Ca ee DCB ITAL RS TTC R ON Lob eke ah eot

Reviewing server logs to troubleshoot issues.

Scheduling and applying hot fixes and security patches on the server infrastructure which includes the operating system and application
software.

Reviewing systems reporting in SCCM (System Center Configuration Manager).

Resolving service requests escalated by the Help Desk or other technicians.

PE eS a iait ena cnce ENA co atte Oe we gentcee Tr ite

Giving and participating in training and education programs to explain upgrades to end users.

Migrating users' documents from local computer storage to shares on the file servers.

Configuring, supporting, and maintaining file shares using Distributed File System (DFS)

et ua San Ried Sula Se reo C Panay e ee EE CRS ann Con cnet Netbackup, Symantec Backup
Exec System Recovery/Livestate, and VRanger backup servers.

Managing, configuring, and supporting DataDomain storage.

Bem Ceitaueetne Rina men ces Lares Mian sO NR Ca rmAII MANET LI)
SRG crlinemoun ure nmvekine nuiea Lares @N Ti MAAN rahe MENT D Voceceya@) ire 2007, 2010, and 2013.
