INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER

Professional Summary

Possesses an extensive background in Informtion Technology Management, along with a Masters of Science degree and multiple cerlifications.
Excels in planning, impkmenting, and evaluating the systems, infrastructure, and staffing necessary to execute complex initiatives and meet
deadlines in dynarric, fast-paced environments; adept at overseeing and participating in the installation, configuration, maintenance, and upgrade of
networks, hardware, servers, and peripherals. Detail-oriented and decisive; applies commumication and leadership skils to interface effectively with
all levels ofan organization. Expertise spans: Network Engineering, Helpdesk Administration, Software Licensing, Disaster Recovery,
Backup/Restore Operations/Project Management, Strategic Plamning/Analysis, Budgeting, TeamBuikding/Traing, Vendor Relations
Policy/Procedure Developrent, Quality Assurance, Troubleshooting, Problem Solving, Process Improverrent.

Experience

AAU KR OR@tscane

Information Technology Manager Company Name i City , State

CPOs iam irscrelled ane Orlom RECO om PL cee om reese SieaeuaenesuB Clee elena
database/hardware systems used to track Chapter 13 bankruptcy cases, all office technologies,, information systems, and anti-spam/anti-
Mca atcie

Evaluates, recommends, implements, supports, and troubleshoots hardware and software.

Maintains LAN/WAN infrastructure, connectivity, and security as well as LAN user documentation.

Performs disaster recovery planning,

Administers licenses and service contracts; schedules service visits from vendors and suppliers.

Defines, docurents, assesses, and updates IT-related procedures as needed.

Orem eB sbenleceiCammnenn cme began cy

Inspects all employees' computers quarterly to ensure compliance of configuration and settings with office policies,

[Ov eltiaeey seal § se) qucm

Designed and impkmented network infrastructure enhancements to improve performance, security, remote access, and connectivity.
Standardized hardware, peripherals, and software.

Established a helpdesk support system for monitoring, prioritizing, and scheduling requests.

Spearheaded the deployment ofa new tracking system that provided performance metrics used to identify where additional traning and
Freceln coca ira ieb ice ticaen

¢ Researched, installed, and configured an enterprise backup solution for disaster recovery that included features to allow users to recover
Cd ceB oem Meu mlb cRroce op rouevowi re tp Deere ates

Doubled WAN bandwidth and propelled LAN and WLAN performance to 100% or higher through WAN, LAN, and WLAN
reconfiguration.

Pe lO cckechm ance ine ackal dara se nny Entre mlnemearciad Rates hy a ietam OR YaRi etl ye
Cae EEE RSC Le Oe euLAUIx HEB Kn mMTTnCL Cra ava

Automated asset tracking by employing a hand scanner and database system to improve efficiency and accuracy.

08/1987 to 062012
Network Analyst Company Name i City , State

ODO Ml PUc Mame cer Une Omen Tb eeeloucciem oUoe Sued One eme aniline karencd are cde

1,000% improverrent in LAN performance by replacing the existing network, which entailed changing software and LAN cabling for 20

existing switches, including reconfiguring the core switch with remote wiring closets with multiple stack units.

Led a team of five network and equipment support specialists.Configured, maintained, analyzed, and troubleshot Nortel and Juniper

networks, systems, and equipment (WAN/LAN/WLAN infrastructure, servers, PCs, notebooks, thin clients, printers, and other

peripherals) used by 600 workers in Georgia.Supported 200 units configured for operation through client servers. Advanced global

company objectives through participation in IT and telecom design and impkrrentation. Advanced to this role through promotions from

Mechanical Drafter, Engineering Checker, Mechanical Designer, and Network Administrator.Shashed support requests 75%, cut equipment

costs 50%, and boosted work productivity 30% by applying near-zero configuration to develop, install, and implement a thin client solution

smth eyatnaneata inca teaetegecelcm

Reduced standard company inmging and system deployrent time 60% before station-specific customization by replacing and/or refteshing

40 PCs each quarter, 100% on scheduk.

Planned, designed, installed, configured, and tested wireless networks (WLAN from Cisco, Nortel, and Meraki) in multiple facilities;

documented standards for US operations; trained users; and monitored performance.

Replaced 125 ficld and service laptops by programming standard images and custom configurations on each machine, completing the six-

week project on schedule despite disruption of parts availability due to a tsunami.

© Championed the use of computers in manufacturing cells to provide drawings and also facilitate order tracking in conjunction with the ERP
systems, designed and implemented autommted pick list and shipping docurrents as well as rea-time tracking for distribution.

© Trained and mentored 15 new departrrent staff members and contractors.

Wh BX)

Designer/Drafter Company Name 1% City , State

Plant Manager/Quality Control Manager Company Name 1% City, State
Drafter Company Name 1% City , State

Accomplishments

PR eee Ri tern ete feet ees Is inion Boers S-at eels to SEOs) eet tet MD Deee Dk, Deine, S [eves ADendiS / genet OE Strats Dts DRED DOO aa Sn Y
