INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
Summary
Dedicated IT Manager well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. Excels at boosting performance and
productivity by establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines.

bs hranianie
i, se bilseiapiionlciiuaii * Salary structure/compensation analysis
. a ainsi A A ¢ Calmumder pressure
vine siisieasacii Se Compensation/benefits administration
© Waterfall framework Rarer Ane ne
Pela itinibeaiiere(o) yea crore (aun ran
© Enterprise phitforns
schivor anes

Information Technology Manager , 03/2013 to Current Company Name i City , State
© Managed a four-person local IT team, allocating resources to ongoing projects and enforcing deadlines.

Deed i snecoe Oy CHO b em orive ite earceni aur ning siee eam calc

Leveraged in-depth understanding of end-to-end customer experience to identify pain points and latent customer needs.
Collaborated with the global team to resolve IT support cases.

HEB uC BRI kos ur ca CouU oe eect ear se yam

Create and audit processes interlocking with other teams, adjust as required.

Manage travel and budget for staffor-site visits.

Ownership of SaaS customers in North America, Canada and Australia.

Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.

Executed proof of concept implementations to validate product feasibility.

TT Administrator , 06/2011 to 03/2013 Company Name 14 City , State

Designed and delivered mission critical infrastructure to ensure the highest levels of availability, performance and security.
Maintained security, backup, and redundancy strategies.

Ownership of IT Infrastructure and Client/Server management (Chicago, Houston, Montreal and Sydney).

Collected, analyzed, and reported program metrics, including product technical performance measures and key performance parancters.
Manage North America production data center (SaaS) and disaster recovery applications.

Deploy and manage VMware architecture.

Monitor and created automtic actions related to hardware and web servers.

Engineered IT infrastructure for reliable WAN and LAN connectivity.

Active Directory and Group Policy configuration and deployment.

Provided client support for production.

RO) OF Nelo nicte ees

Deployed over 30 NEC phones and support for NEC PBX.

Responsible for purchasing and product recommendations.

Network Administrator , 02/2010 to 05/2011 Company Name iA City , State

© Tested, configured and deployed Windows 7 operating system with Acronis Snap Deploy.
* Deployed and tested Microsoft Exchange 2010 in VMware.

¢ Administered SQL 2005 database to run Dentrix and DEXIS software.

© Configuration and implementation of Group Policies.

Information Technology Consultant , 10/2008 to 05/2011 Company Name i City , State

CREW Elrcemine brn rictironlnnaenulciunsr eee Mele a CON OO Siicnlenrs MMO ir suek Geum ate sate csliN ariel
one Rann kann

CRIs ue ccm bececoi@ nsec ice AL aD. a sone em nln mersiuneess (atte

© Responsible for purchase decisions to provide the best end point security solutions.

© Obtained Milestone Advanced Certified Partner for video surveillance.

Network Administrator , 10/2008 to 05/2011 Company Name iA City , State

Installed and configured LAN with Windows XP and Windows Vista clients.
Administration of Microsoft Active Directory.

Adninistration of Microsoft Exchange 2003 systems including backup and recovery.
Deploy Symantec endpoint security solutions and implemented disaster recovery.
Managed muttiple desktop applications: Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat, ACT.

7 Xcinciiee ees tia
