BRANCH CHIEF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

Profile

Motivated Information Technology and Cyber security professional with outstanding managerial and customer service skills, excellent written and
verbal communication skills, secks challenging position with an organization where I can make a big impact with my multifaceted experience,
training and education. Excellent record of problem solving and achieving results in high-operations-tempo environments. Successfil team leader
and highly-motivated mentor with proven dedication to self'and subordinate improvement. *Superior knowledge of INFOSEC/NETOPS
techniques to determine requirements for information technology equipment and systems. Excellent knowledge and ability to negotiate in financial
control, budget systems, and security management. Working knowledge of budget and cost analysis processes. *Thorough knowledge of Office of
Managerent and Budget (OMB), Departrent of Defense (DoD) and U.S. Air Force regultions, principles and practices pertaining to logistics,
INFOSEC/NETOPS, installations, and mission support fimetions. Exceptional ability to recognize and analyze problems, conduct research;
summarize results, and make appropriate recommendations. Recognized expert in DoD plaming, programming, budgeting and execution (PPBE)
process. *Expertise in capability planning in IT environment, enterprise technical/Certification and Accreditation standards, CCRI processes,
procedures, security practices, and IA vulnerability tools ie. ACAS. *Ability to apply knowledge of current security tools, and techniques to
execute Authority to Connect and Authority to Operate network systems. * Thorough knowledge of SCADA systems operations, security,
safeguards and protection *SECURITY CLEARANCE: TOP SECRET (SCI) w/CI Polygraph

Professional Experience

07/2014 to Current

Branch Chief Information Technology Specialist Company Name 1% City

© Effectively oversee, manage, and evahute multiple enterprise level IT programs, serve as senior technical advisor and evaluator for
programs using cutting edge technology for the Headquarters Air Force (HAF) command, control, communications, computer, intelligence,
surveillance and reconmissance (C4ISR).

© Establishes, develops, and mintains effective working relationships with top fictional area managers, program managers, commanders,
contractors, vendors, DoD and other non-DoD agencies, and communications and information persomel in the National Capital Region.

© Researches and recommends innovative approaches to resolve major IT problems.

* Performs more complex aspects of the project management, evaluation, and oversight responsibilities such as feasibility studies, systems
analysis, systems development, implementation, systems integration, and problem resolution.

08/2009 to 07/2014
Information Technology Specialist (NFOSEC/NETOPS) Company Name i City , State

© Developed detailed operations plans and operations orders supporting cyber requirements at the strategic, operational, and tactical kvels of
aN erm El Lom

Enabled crisis action planning, development of strike packages and cyber effects to protect US.

air, land, sea, space, and cyberspace domins.

Collaborated with Defense Information Systems Agency and other US Goverment partners to develop and implement directives for Global
oreo eee ck GO Rynacinnicn

© Developed information operations and computer network operations plans, including defensive computer operations planning, to ensure
support Geographic Combatant Commanders’ intent.

Made recommendations to posture GIG to respond to emerging and current threats.

Supported Defend the Nation (DTN)-China Operation Planning Team with technical, INFOSEC doctrine, appropriate technologies,
techniques, and tools.

© Coordinated changing mission parameters with US/Allied/Coalition partners: identified and prioritized Intelligence Community cyber
requirements and provide intrusion response planning,

Made substantive recommendations to NetOps policy, doctrine, capability developrrents.

Utilized INFOSEC existing policy guidance as it pertains to threats, operating environment and operational requirements.

Ui locRonaiminl Coen reales Mat Ooceae cmt ee bcm any NeThem te ETA ice

Developed operational plans and orders to counter malicious activity and mitigate identified or potential threats to the GIG.

09/2006 to 08/2009
Senior Technical Analyst Company Name

Technical kead on digital media projects, guided tears to solutions that leveraged teclmical capabilities.

Defined requirements for computer-based systems that supported electronic publishing Air Force wide.

Achieved accurate and timely publication of electronic publications and forms.

Ensured documentation of requirements for systems administration and information tasking orders.

Served as technical lead on electronic publishing development and integration teams.

Ensured all development was consistent with Air Force guidance.

Established policies and procedure to manage the Air Force Ekctronic Publishing Program

Analyzed software development, configuration managerrent, testing, maintenance manuak, training manuak, tutorials, procedures, reports,
computer-based training and data management.

© Represented the Office meetings of interagency and inter-command groups concerned with development and support planning using state-
of-the-art techniques in electronic publishing areas.

EEE Rb P00
POMS ous @uren aN TnL O INI LG
