MANAGER - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND BUILDING AUTOMATION SYSTEMS
Summary

Neen Ce LW Keer aR eT tee CCL tLe
Versatike Building Automation System engineer and IT professional with vast knowledge of Enterprise Project Lifecycle methodology
andA experience to deliver insightful network infrastructure and buikiing automation solutions. Network engineering expert with strong background
in project management and product support. Proven communication skills for quality developrrent of standard docurrentation, as well as genuine
leadership and assistance for associates and clients.A

Highlights
A Vast technical knowked:
© Enterprise phitforns i" rayne ee
© Current PMP Certification are orn
© Project tracking ie A
F ‘computer programming
Re CTE Oy Ct ee eee a aan i ed a
PE Ae irc ioniicenmcedsaolccs ae ener
° User experience (UX) design © Control system design
aes Ce giste aan niigncias
Accomplishments

Awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal in 2010, 2011,A 2012, and 2013 .
Awarded Sailor of the Year designation for the Pacific Naval Fleet in 2013.
ee SUN er Eee a CMD LAIGc Ea Eco aoe neni at Sore Ol aR Soe el Us On BE Lea te
Responsible for the training and development of 8 technicians and projectA coordinators within my team A
schivor anes
Manager - Information Technology and Building Automation Systems
October 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State
© Led a cross-fimctional team of engineers, QAs and UX designers to develop features and fix product defects.
© Delivered detailed feature roadmaps that included action items and project targets.
© Leveraged in-depth understanding of end-to-end customer experience to identify pain points and latent customer needs.
© Managed the 8 -person local IT team, allocating resources to ongoing projects and enforcing deadlines.
© Conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and provide technical assistance and support.
© Worked on large enterprise and business critical applications.
© Analyzed and created new configuration for packaged software to meet business and system requirements.
CREO iutecMrsliiect reser e seme eiecab ep ocas Oo rerdecsesiid icky Celia NecekesCCRt Oe LenS NICE
© Performed second-level support for all workstation and server class systems.
© Served as the technical lead for server infrastructure including development, QA, staging and production systems.
© Serviced electrical, pneurmtic, mechanical and microprocessor controk.
© Analyzed, modified and repaired digital control systems.
© Set up, tested and configured networks, desktops, laptops and printers.
* Created employee training mterials and procedures to teach in-house workers proper software and hardware protocols.
© Diagnosed, installed, configured and repaired computer systems and software.

Information Systems Technician
July 2008 to July 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Utilized IT expertise to support commumications efforts in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn, focusing on network
security, Microsoft-based programs, and the installation and maintenance of affiliated hardware.

© Demonstrated technical expertise to install, upgrade, and troubleshoot networks and related articles, such as video teleconferencing systems,
routers, servers, computers, switches, and sound systerrs.

© Entrusted with confidential informtion to successfully develop and review specifications, standards, protocol, and inventory data, as well as

Roger ere acto leRae Ay eae d

Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.

Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops. Transhated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.

Maintained audiovisual equipment, including overhead projectors, laptops and video conferencing equipment.
