LEAD INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Work History

Company Name

Company Name

alg

Applications: MS Office Suite 2000-2016, 0365, GroupWise, HEAT Call Logging, Crystal Reports, T3 VoiceMail, NetMotion, Novell
iManager, Active Directory Client/Server: Heatweb-& Platforms: Windows 2000/XP/7/8/10, UNIX, DOS

schivor anes

RU Cer @tacans

JRO ilelrsltoeM Routes emir seme reese Oe SliVeN LCR yg OS MSIE

Perform lead worker fimctions including assigning, coordinating and reviewing daily work of staff, training other employees and act as a
Freceninen kel vam

Perform help desk systems administration; develop and document procedures.

Coordinate with technical support team, management, and users to define user needs for new or improved systers; coordinate software
deployments and PC replacements; manage hardware and software inventories.

All duties as listed below,

TAL Cn ber PA0) 6
Information Technology Support Specialist Company Name i City , State

Identify, troubleshoot, install, program, configure, upgrade, analyze and maintain various computer and network peripherals including mobile
data computing devices.

Determine appropriate course ofaction and conduct repairs, modifications, procurement, and replacement of internal peripherals as needed.
Install, configure, and support enterprise class, SQL compliant database software.

Document the procedures for other support personnel to use as reference material to assist in the support of these systerrs.

Exceptional ability to work with a very demanding group of users in providing timely support in person, over the phone, or in remote
desktop sessions.

Known for approachability, diplonncy and patience in dealing with frustrated users.

Excellent probkenrsolving skills relating to Access, Excel, or Word questions.

Create macros, research complex inquiries, and find solutions to users’ issues.

Monitor and maintain back-up systems and server health including Heatweb-8&.

AUREUS Oa CRC Cem en ee ninl au ecm oe Clie Re Mchonce) ULe ice

COP ove aCe Desa trea enlist Mira aoe becs mince scccw Ong lars are mcansialbey eam lca
and procedures of City software applications and computer systems.

Reduced by half the equipment inventory process time by researching and recommending new hand-held scanners then customizing the
Inventory Worksheet in HEAT to autofill the form

Increased efficiency and communication within IT department by redesigning and autormating tasks in several of the HEAT Call Logging
Rorcctcd

Created document for new employees to help them navigate the City's technology, everything from how to access their ermal, how to use
their desk phones, to exphining policies and procedures for printing, scanning, and end of day procedures.

PESO R eR AU
End User Support Specialist Company Name 1 City , State

Ensure customer satisfaction by responding to calls to the help desk.

Logs all customer questions and problems and tracks the same through to resolution.

Field over 20,800 calls fiom user community per year.

Analyze each call for problem symptoms then determine problem resolution.

Coordinate phnning, development, and teaching of software, including time frame for deliverables.

Designed and created class evaluation database for the purposes of certificate recognition.

Generate and analyze statistical data from HEAT call ticket database.

Maintain and update call tracking software.

Create and update knowledgebase.

Provide software training to all employees of the District through web pages, training classes, correspondence, or one-on-one assistance.
[reece Boe Nolcakce oe pea renee ial MERE reecenc lectins

Provide software installation, repair, and support to approximately 2,800 employees including the administration compound and district
laptop users.

Set up new district hptops to district standards.

PAC RUN PAUt)
Instructional Support Specialist Company Name i City , State

Provided administrative/secretarial support to all fult and part-time instructors in the Business Computer Informtion Systerrs Department.
Worked cooperatively with Department Chair and all other faculty of the Business Education Department located on the Main Campus,
Chico Center, Orland, Paradise, and Glenn County.
