INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT) SPECIALIST
schivor anes

Information Technology (IT) Specialist

January 2012 Company Name

TT Specialist Project Engineer

December 2009 to Current City , State

Less

Army Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC) on projects involving large and complex data networks and
telecommunications systems while assigned to the Fort Huachuca Engineering Directorate of USAISEC.

I develop, manage and coordinate the implementation of network communications, local area networks (LANs), visual information systers
(VIS), and information technology (IT) infrastructure projects.

As the Project Manager and Lead Engineer, I directed and mamged the efforts of'a five person Integrated Product Team (IPT) to
implement the $25 million IT infrastructure for the the new Command, Control, Communications and Computers (C4) facility for the Joint
Special Operations Command (JSOC) at Ft Bragg, NC.

Provided daily project coordination and oversaw the development of the IT technical requirements, system design plan and associated
ComeCloali en cRN ees uuchunim mls eR UO Rsdelni el nem

Reviewed building construction design drawings, consolidated design change input requests from the customer and team members, and
provided justification for the proposed design changes and building modifications to ensure that the IT infrastructure was installed according
to technical specifications, applicable security standards, and customer requirements.

requests for building design changes to the US Army Corps of Engineers (USACE).

and provided technical oversight of the project.

Represented JSOC and ISEC in project meetings with the USACE and other project stakeholders for technical requirements, project
scheduling updates, and to resolve controversial project issues.

Created the project integrated master schedule (IMS) to identify and manage resources so that all project documentation and deliverables
were developed accurately, and to ensure system reliability, operability, and maintainability.

In support of the Anny Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process, performed duties as the project coordinator for the $19 million
BRAC mandated Anny Central Command (ARCENT) Headquarters relocation.

As the ARCENT relocation project leader, identified and analyzed requirements, assigned and reviewed work and exercised fill contro!
over the planning, development, and implementation ofall assigned tasks for the Integrated Product Team (IPT).

Obtained contract engineering services by developing the Acquisition Requirements Package (ARP), and participated in Source Selection
Evaluation Board (SSEB) activities.

Prepared statements of work (SOWs), procurement data packages, and evaluated contractor work performance and provided the monthly
Eso ae OU ECR TreenicMlicel Mee Giec qmre) comin iced ect os Mi SOs iiLerala

Provided financial and resource planning, execution, and tracking; to include manpower, terporary duty (TDY), and other acquisition
resource requirements.

Judiciously expended project resources, determined priorities and worked within resource allocation linits, fiscal aw and existing policy.
Completed all required contract modifications, List of Materials (LOMs) and Major Item List of Materials (MILOMs), as well as
independent government cost estinntes (IGCEs) as required.

Integrated various IT sub-systems based on system dependencies, technical adequacies, and customers’ need.

Conducted technical reviews of proposed test plans and monitored the System Acceptance Testing (SAT) ofall IT and VIS systems and
proposed solutions to faults identified in the SAT to ensure continuity ofnew and existing systems and compliance with user requirements.

Site ep nove Patesl cit
July 2009 to December 2009 Company Nan 1% City , State

Supervisor: Randy Devine - (520) 459-3174.

Systerrs Integration Analyst responsible for contract Information Technology (IT) engineering services in support ofthe US Anny
Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC).

Developed the Facility Design Criteria (FDC), System Design Plans (SDPs), Engineering Installation Packages (EIPs), List of Materials
(LOMs) and other acquisition documentation for complex IT projects according to user requirements.

Worked with Government and sub-contractor personnel and provided guidance and oversight on project document development and
validation for the U.S.

Pe gyecLOn isle OO rin mene

Army Reserve Command (USARC) BRAC relocation.

Provided engineering, procurement, installation, cutover and testing requirements for the High Frequency (HF) and Ultra High Frequency
(UHF) Radio Systems and antennas in support ofa Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence / Information
Btcvren oud (OU URE ccrreg oc aam

Reviewed project documentation and ensured contract deliverables were complete and delivered accurately and on time as specified in the
Acquisition Requirements Package (ARP).

April 2001 to Septerrber 2009 Company Name

Functional Area Expert (Command and Control)Siera Vista, Arizona Supervisor: Robert Kessler - (520) 417-0959.
Communications Engineer supporting the U.S.
Army Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC) by providing IT engineering services in the form of quick reaction
