PRODUCTION ASSOCIATE

Summary

Conclude your application letter by thanking the employer for considering you for the position. Include information on how you will follow-up.
Complinentary Close Sincerely, Signature The following application letter template lists the information you need to include in the letter you submit
with your resume when applying for a job. Use the application template as a guideline to create customized Ietters to send to employers with your
resume. Then review ketter samples to get ideas on writing your own application ketters. The first paragraph of your job application ketter should
Hee PTC ORae I nica leomy arleica Chi inser R Loch OSH RiParectem@ il lsiuaceninaelal ie
company, include it. Middle Paragraphs: The next section of your cover Ietter should describe what you have to oflér the company. Make strong
connections between your abilities and the requirements listed in the job posting. Mention specifically how your skills and experience match the
job. Expand on the information in your resume, don't just repeat it. Try to support each statement you make with a piece of evidence. Use several
shorter paragraphs or bullets rather than one large block of text. Conclude your application ketter by thanking the employer for considering you for
the position. Include information on how you will follow-up. State that you will do so and indicate when (one week's time is typical). You may
want to reduce the time between sending out your resume and follow up if you fax or emuil it. View More Free Ermail Newsletter Top of Form Let
About.com send you the htest ftom our Job Searching Expert. You can opt-out at any tine. Please refer to our privacy policy for contact
informtion. Bottom of Form Copyright Alison Doyle This cover letter takes the position requirements and matches the applicants skills to those
requirements. This way, the resume reviewer can see the candidate's relevant qualifications at a glance. Sample Targeted Cover Letter Your Name
Your Address Your City, State, Zip Code Your Phone Nurber Your Ermuil Date Name Title Organization Address City, State, Zip Code Dear
Mr/Ms. Last Name: I am interested in the Coordimtor position advertised on XYZ. My resume is enclosed for your review. Given my related
experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate your consideration for this job opening. My skills are an ideal match for this position. Your
Requirements: Responsible for evening operations in Student Center and other facilities, including managing registration, solving customer
probiens, dealing with risk management and emergencies, enforcement of department policies. Assists with hiring, training, and management of
staf£ Coordinate statistics and inventory. Experience in the supervision of student staff and strong interpersonal skills are also preferred. Valid
Minnesota driver's license with good driving record. Ability to travel to different sites required. Experience in collegiate programming and
mmnagement. My Qualifications: Register students for courses, design and manage program software, solve custorrer problems, enforce
department policies, and serve as a contact for students, faculty, and staff Hiring, traming, scheduling and management of staff, managing supply
inventory, and ordering. Minnesota driver's license with NTSA defensive driving certification. Extensive experience in collegiate programming and
mmnagement. Excellent interpersonal and communication skils. I appreciate your taking the time to review my credentials and experience. Again,
thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, Your Signature (for hard copy ktter) Your Typed Name INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
TECHNICIAN TIER ONE TECHNICAL SUPPORT - HELP DESK TECHNICIAN Experienced and knowledgeable Information Technology
Professional seeking to contribute training and acquired skills within a Tier One Technical Support and/or Help Desk role. Work well
independently, or na group setting providing all facets of computer support such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance. In-depth
knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems. Skilled in providing Customer and End-User Help Desk
Support. Easily identify and resolve technical issues and concems. Excellent communication and presentation capabilities.

Accomplishments

© Begin your ktter greeting with "Dr/Mr/Ms.

© Last Nanv." Ifyou do not know the employer's last namy, simply write "Dear Hiring Manager" or keave the greeting off the Ietter and start
with the first paragraph.

Body of Letter First Paragraph: Why you are writing - mention the job you are applying for and where you found the listing

Middk Paragraph(s): What you have to offer the employer - mention why your skills and experience are a good fit for the job.
eins Chal Laon mencgaeooe Omoetc MaMneRiel ene breed nev me Riel eaten

Signature End your cover ketter with your signature, handwritten, followed by your typed name.

If this is an ermal, simply include your typed name, followed by your contact information,

When you are writing letters, it's important to select a font that is clear and easy to read.

Here's how to choose a Ketter font that is professional and readabk, as well as how to choose the appropriate font size for your letter.

It is important to select a font that is large enough so that the reader doesn't have to squint to read your Ketter, but not so big that your letter
doesn't fit well on a page.

Use a Basic Font Using a simple font will ensure that your etter is easy to read.

Basic fonts like Aral, Verdana, and Times New Roman work well.

Depending on how much content you have in your letter select a 10 or 12 point font size.

Gs IRB Og ene comms Ckee Legit em

Regardless of the font size you select, there needs to be space at the top of the letter and between cach paragraph and each section of your
eee tae

Here's how to space your cover ktter,

When you are using Microsoft Word, here is how to select a font for your letter and how to select the font size.

amr nee Ree nm Nee B epee eg cour vee cen ecCESII TTS

Select the content of your cover ketter then choose a font and a font size.

You may need to try a couple of different sizes to mke sure that your cover letter fits on a single page.

How to Select a Cover Letter Font Select a font from the list at the top of your document before you start writing your letter, or: Type your
eee tae

© Highlight the content of your letter.

¢ Either select the font from the pop-up window or select the font from the list at the top of the document.

schivor anes
Production Associate 03/2006 to Current Company Name City , State
