le)yfoatita

To obtain a position in the information technology, personnel development, or computer science fick to help manage, develop, and support
feel cacetne Bech yrs ce

ADJUNCT INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INSTRUCTOR

Experience

Adjunct Information Technology Instructor 01/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Taught courses conceming the Python, Visual Basic, and C# programming languages.
¢ Sat on CIT advisory board committee to improve and recruit students to the KCTCS CIT program

Information Technology Instructor and School Technology Coordinator 11/2011 to Current Company Name City , State

¢ Responsibk for meeting the educational needs of high school students. Instructed classes conceming At certification, Cisco certification,
web design, programming, game design, and help desk.

Taught programming courses conceming C#, Python, Java, and Javascript programming language, as well as taught various web

sis Pee

STC support staff for CTE Unit to meet staff's technological needs including LMS support, teacher technology training, and maintaining
school website.

Developed mobik applications with student body to meet district needs.

Supervisor of intemally ran Help Desk, support ticket maintenance, and department head of technology troubkshooting for staf! A

Geek Squad Agent 04/2007 to 09/2010 Company Name City , State

CMa atom cic bth Rueniiubicwe east esce Ca aero es yep arta
See eed US Cie nie NCE yg tee ROL COR eno

© Trained A new employees in effective diagnostic and Bos jeytesas Vie

CPAs cnt Roe Om scr BLOM OLS SE OM CTY eR CTE SC ete Rte
PER Oo ured nuctl och oto Mmn MD ewineR iced cee ie Laie

Education

Master of Science : Computer Information Systems 2015 Murray State University City , State Project Management and Data Analysis Emphasis
Master of Arts : Education 2013 Murray State University City , State Educational Technology Emphasis

Bachelor of Science : Education 2011 Murray State University City , State

Middke School Science and Social Studies Emphasis

GPA: 3.69

Information Technology Certifications

CR QUn lee eUManncnteae tls

Microsoft Technology Associate - Network Fundamentals
Microsoft Technology Associate -A Windows O.S. Fundarrentals
Microsoft Technology Associate - Software DevelopmentA
Microsoft Technology Associate - Web Development

Sag

© Google and Microsoft suite experience through coursework and classroom impkmentation.
© Familiar with both the educational and information technology fields.

¢ Experience in both project management and educating teachers on the use of technology in the classroom.
Awards / Recognition / Volunteer Work

OPW ona nZ ere tary 7
¢ HCHS Curriculum Committee - Vice Chair A
¢ Cum Laude - Murray State University May 2011
