DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Profile

SUMMAR Y Applying technology and workflow solutions to business challenges is exciting for me because I Jove to eam and apply new kessons
and approaches to support and enhance the organization to achieve its goals and mission.

Core Qualifications

C# Orack SQL Orack

Information Management SQL Server SQL*Plus

MIR Meagan gene Surg

Pathlnces Des PRs nner ecb BAMA ea anc t
ASP.NET Team Leadership IIS

PL/SQL ADO.NET Tactical Planning

Application Development Web Applications IT Strategy
Microsoft SQL Server Software Development Agile Methodologies
Ieee ee ranicks BOD ty

Information Technology SQL Software Project Management
eC ora UH Lon one SCP SUSECOp ine leaned
Leadership

Professional Experience
Director of Information Technology 11/2012 to 08/2015 Company Name

Provided application and network support services for the MSBA.

The MSBA is a small quasi-public state authority who financially assists school districts in their schoo! building projects.

My group maintains a rackspace hosted asp.net solution tied to SQL Server.

Thad all the hardware and software reffeshed as well as bringing the development group up to sql server, tS, and VS 2012.
Geers ncmniingns Rong locas Yea Of MLO Tne sane ecLoccce ORT ums retained rolad
beat eicy

T also developed an architecture based on object modeling for a middle tier.

I was the the login account administrator for the authority which utilized Santander Banking Services.

enna RUT Ace Cade rome relay come urn eens ine Bp a se ela

I served as the project manager for all current projects and provided business analysis to work out business workflows for my team.
I recommended Tabkeau as the authority's visualization business intelligence tool.

We just started developing the infrastructure around the new business intelligence tool.

We finished bringing in DSCI for data and phone lines and we are ready to have our phone system hosted in their data center.

Team Leader 05/2005 to 11/2012 Company Name

Ceo Eb oa UCL en Oa E eT Ute Oe elise oe orc ya zett os aire
Cardiovascular Program.

© [had three teams under my leadership.

Thad the CAS and later the EMERIS group and I project managed the effort to replace a mumber of kegacy systems with modem C#
applications.

© The second group maintained professional and clinical billing for the cardiology departrrent.
© The third group developed and maintained research applications for the cardiology’s research department.

I was the logical Oracle DBA who puts objects into production and I maintained our central job scheduler and placed those jobs into
production as well

Chief Information Officer 07/2000 to 02/2005 Company Name

error aon nba kc at eo some buce ce ng ne @enireiic its aetna Md Ie Poiren eed
Mental Retardation.

coal ad a Boia koe P ein GM cee Eas inaro ea Cn eB a a rkan easel ned
Massachusetts office: 30 field office and 5 state school facilities,

PRA CAUUcceR PZB RI ROSNER ane amie ace nme aC
¢ We ako developed client server model applications and the electronic service delivery model which was hosted m our facility with ITD's

BCG noed
Our developnent platform was classic asp with vb.net and the back end was sql server.

Director of Applications Development 02/1996 to 06/2000 Company Name

Provided application development and support services to the Department of Youth Services.
et ents

project to convert our NaturalAdabas mainframe system to a ASP web based application YSIS.
T also helped out as a.

banyan administrator to our Network Administrator.
