DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Professional Summary

Dynamic Information Technology Manager with 13 years of IT leadership experience including oversight of infrastructure, application support and
cybersecurity services. Dedicated to customer satisfaction with focused delivery of technical solutions. Proven leader in directing operations,
mmintenance and support of complex systems. Develops creative business solutions, leveraging diverse methodologies and delivering engineering
solutions for eading organizations. Highly adept in request for proposal development, technology needs assessments and staff trainng. Successfill
in motivating teams to meet demanding timelines by utilizing critical thinking, resource and conflict managerrent and facilitating stakeholder
engagerent. Innovative and driven with passion for delivering forward thinking, emerging trend technologies.

als
° Agik framework © SQL (Microsoft and Orack)
© Business intelligence © Excellent Verbal and written communication
Cee Ortncemnisrcci ute * Agile, Functional, Project kadership, Written communication
CREO sleercrt on « Al, Information technology, Project Management
© Conflict resolution © Budgeting, Insurance, Python
© Critical thinking * Budgets, ITIL, Quality
© Data migration © Budget, Leadership, Research
CEE NO rico bGalne ecpriiiiiel eR CIC LCE ne nar comly cre ati Um Nc qacccoer Std
© Insurance * Business process re-engineering, Access, Saks
Coyle CEES incendie cmomeence vind
© Organization and time mmagement = *- Conflict resolution, Migration, SDLC
Ce ze) CREO reins Mane a@scciuems Dacron s)
© Probknrsolving © CRM, Next, Software development
* Project lifecycle management PERO cncmOlntieccicetmele) ey
¢ Project management and leadership = © Client, Oracle, Staffing
Ca eileen) © Data collection, Perl, Strategic
DE io ester ute * Data migration, Problenrsolving, Time management
¢ Salesforce Admin and CRM © Databases, Processes, Upgrades
Cs) Ee © Designing, Producing, Upgrade
* Sk Sigm * Senior mamgenent, Profit, Vision
Work History

Director of Information Technology , 11/2012 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Develops, tracks and controls long-term information technology operating budgets and cost and benefit analyses for IT spending initiatives.
Leads and assists technical upgrade projects for clients by coordinating with consultants and developers for data migration and integrations.
Coordinates with management teams to plan, develop, align and execute strategies that would meet client's vision, mission and purpose.
Reviews and assesses architecture design, implementation, testing and deployment needs to identify project requirements and reduce costs
TS

© Phys key rok in on-going network design, reevaluation and optimization to keep pace with company growth.

Senior Consulting IT Program Manager , 12/2014 to 12/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Managed and implemented concurrent projects relating to business process re-engineering, software development and upgrades to foster

productivity, throughput, and end-user engagement.

Performed program research and analyzed data collection to develop cost estimates and budgets.

Identified system needs and designed processes to support business requirements.

Collaborated with clients to understand technology stafling requirements and improved productivity while reducing staffing and operational

costs by 15%.

© Performed risk assessment of stakehoklers, senior management, organization, infrastructure, and ITIL govemance to effectively plan,
Cleo HIND ra Lena Leet coms Cceleneecmnin «haenice

© Launched Salesforce data cleansing, migration, and integration programs to aid in gathering fictional and business requirements to support
team, and mitigate risks.

© Integrated agile methodologies, emerging Al, digital, and social media technologies into end-user experience to foster adoption, continued
engagement and increase sakes profit levels 30%.

© Executed coordinated project leadership, efficient resource and budget utilization, schedule adherence, implementation of application
software, training end users, and problem-solving across multiple product lines.

Business Products Specialist , 05/2008 to 11/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Developed and fostered relationships with business owners and key executives to assess dynamic risk mitigation and business insurance
needs and deliver solutions.
