INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

Professional Profile

To continue work in the Information Technology field while developing my skills in Information Systems and Networking.
schivor anes

iGo locine)eumoncuaite

April 2015 to Current Company Name

© Set up and maintained the network infrastructure both wired and wireless configuration.

© Setup and nnintained all user's computers including hardware and software.

© Set up and assisted users with their e-nmil accounts.

© I maintained security on our networks in which only company users could access the network.
© Setup and configured users android phones so they could access the company's resources.

© I maintained security on all companies’ machines.

Computer Technical Specialist
September 2007 to Jamary 2014 Company Name 1% City

Set up and maintain all software on Faculty and Staff computers ina Windows and McIntosh environment.

Troubleshoot all software and hardware problems on user’s machines.

Check network connectivity issues on the client side.

Set up and maintain all printers' scanners and fax machines for staffand faculty and students.

(Outre eRoa tor Pg Dee Or earnlivastn enact m

Help maintain lab computers on the windows and McIntosh environment including hardware software and printing issues.

Assist network Administrators with setting up and maintaining the network and assisting with network issues including routers switches and
oon

Wipes ecb Ds Booster rebel sit@ueue oomrcimenuhwnsicce seine iE cae EN (e Lee

Once sspetbiiued OP eBenieLc icone CUR Bulsceid sian

Pushed software packages to user’s machines using a KBOX server.

Maintaining all classroom projectors which were connected to a smart board including the attached devices.

Installing and troubkeshooting all software and hardware issues for the school of Engincering and applied science.

Ro eecr lees ers Acenme MOR Lan eRe OR tli be ec iccce

Maintain a license server to keep software operational.

Set up and maintain intermapper which monitored all switches servers and lab workstations in real time to see ifrmachines were up and
Bari

© Set up virtual machines and installed all software on client machines.

© Set up and configured Polycom qdx 6000 video and Tandberg conférencing machines.

© Set up and brought down conference calls.

Senior Computer Network Support Technician
Noverber 2001 to September 2007 City , State

© Provide statewide data telecommunications and on the-site problem analysis and resolution; consultation; hardware and software
installations; technical guidance and support for personal computing equipment.

© Provide local and wide area networking support, which included router switch and server and router configurations, and installations and

problem resolutions.

Troubleshoot all network components including routers switches servers and patch panels.

PMs nsanernimelsus ed peat eate a om Lekeelaccem ee) sm elie eas) cere e Reset OtCe

Install and nnintain video conferencing systems which included Meeting Point.

Diagnosed and fixed any problems computers my be experiencing including network software, and hardware issues.

Aree Nona iinnsitlog
September 1999 to Noverrber 2001 Company Nanv 1% City , State

Performed the installation and removal ofall programs on a network ina teaching and testing facility.

Puree  oPngnatt cca ce ORICammib naar el ialLati ett etese le

Troubleshoot all hardware as well as software problems on the network.

Ako configured IP addresses dynamically and statically for new machines on the network using a DHCP server.

Maintaining compatibility of new hardware and software on our network which included routers, switches, and servers as well as
workstations.

© Reorganized LANs to insure speed and performance.

© Installed and maintained all wiring on the network.

brairestbeny

Comp A+ Course, Windows 7 course, CompTIA Network+ course, CompTIA Security+ course, Windows Server 2012 class. CCNA Class.
Certified Ethical Hacker class. CompTIA Network+ certification, CompTIA Security+ certification CompTIA At certification. MCSE -
Microsoft Certified Professional Systems Engineer; 2003 CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate : 1988 Northern Virginia Community
College Virginia Commonwealth University GPA: Dean's Lists GPA: 3.4 Dean's Lists GPA: 3.4
