INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
schivor anes

Information Technology Manager

April 2007 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

« Annual budget plaming for department, network administration, implementation of new technology, developed company applications, daily
backups and technical support for 80 users.

Adrinistration of security firewall, spam firewall and web filter.

VLAN's and VPN setup and administration.

Windows Server 2008 R2 administration, Microsoft Active Directory administration with 100 PCs on Windows 7 and Windows XP.
Microsoft DFS, DHCP, DNS and WSUS Services adiministration.

FTP server implementation and administration.

Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 Administration, creation of new users, distribution groups and daily backup.

Servers and desktop backup with Symantec BackupExec 2012.

Adninistration, maintenance and daily backup for Sybase SQL Anywhere 11.0 databases.

Administration of Mac editing rooms on OS X 10.8 - 10.9 with SAN storage (Appk XSAN 30 TB Array administration on Promise
VTrak Ex10 Series).

© Software installation and setup for editing rooms with Final Cut, Adobe Products, Cinema 4D etc; Hardware installation and configuration
for video capture with Aja, Kona and Black Magic video capture devices.

iNews (News Room Mamgement System), Wide Orbit (Traffic, Sales and Revenue Software).

Knowledge of Florical Systems (Software for Television Automation), Omneon video server, Streambox (Mobile Broadcast Streaming
Video) and some Miranda products.

© Responsible for research, quote, acquisition and configuration ofall new network technology in the company.

© Repair, installation and updates of Software and Hardware for PCs and Mac Computers.

Information Technology Manager
July 2001 to March 2007 Company Narre 1% City , State

Palo em islenuebtckioeeimen tenons elvedih vice

Responsibilities include software licensing, updating operating system for desktop computers and servers and technical support for 25 users.
Supervised two employees for the department.

In 2004 developed a program to track inventory ofall hardware being distributed to 300 branch offices as well as a user manual for the in
house application detailing procedures and processes.

Network Administration for a LAN with 30 desktop PCs and 5 Windows 2003 Standard Edition, Active Directory Service, DHCP and
So stolen ncicloe

erence emo R ams Mes ceB Lemon

Impknentation of Distributed File System (DFS) to share fikes in each departrent.

Microsoft Exchange Server 2003 Administration, creation of new users, groups and policy groups, daily backup.

Installation and maintenance of Certification Authority in Windows Server 2003 for web application,

Administration, maintenance and daily backup for a database Sybase SQL Anywhere 9.0.

Maintenance and Creation of desktop applications (Power Buiker 6.5, Power Buikler 9.0).

Technical support for 300 branch offices.

New installation and updates of Software and Hardware.

SIGs Leneey ca erew eters Om
January 2001 to July 2001 Company Name it City , State

© Technical support for 10 network users and 100 branch offices.

Impkmented Terminal Service to be able to connect to five new branches in Colorbaa.

Daily backup for Sybase SQL Anywhere 7.0 Database, Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Database, QuickBooks Pro Database and in house
poor

Network Administration, implementation of FTP service for 100 branches connections, creation of uses and security access.

Windows 2000 Server Administration, Active Directory Service administration and maintenance.

Microsoft SQL Server 2000 administration.

Technical Support for branch offices.

Installation and updates of Software and Hardware.

brairestbeny

BS : Computer System Engineer , January 29 2000 Fundacion Universidad Autonom de Colombia 14 City , Colombia Computer System
Engineer

Computer Technician : April 26 1997

Oct BONEN One inicicie anime PAO Oe wr eneecsoatsles ure cle Lem uence cRemvaniene Rabat B i)
City, Colombia

als

4D, Active Directory, Adobe Products, Apple, Automntion, backup, Broadcast, budget planning, Computer Technician, Hardware installation
and configuration, Hardware, databases, Database, DHCP, DNS, editing, Final Cut, firewall, FTP, inventory, LAN, Mac, Magie, access,
