DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Professional Profile

Senior Project Management Position Senior Project Manager with over 25 years of diverse experience including health care, private sector, local
and state government and acrospace/defense contracting. Successfil managerrent of fast-paced private sector projects as well as large multi-
departental/multi-agency government projects. Provided mentoring and professional quality training to hundreds of project managers. Proven
competence in keadership, communication, project planning, budgeting, design, change control, execution, implementation and support.

schivor anes

Director of Information Technology , 10/2013 to Current Company Name

Member of the Health Care Executive team responsible for the delivery of technology to two hospitals, 40 clinics, Public Health, Behavioral
Health, Medical Examiner and the County's Health Insurance plan.

erection a am eN Pr Nchis Diicun min RO lccicn BOM LeriaLnd

ecco es Om ner ca ra ee neni ecmescsiiteaUelth

Oversaw the outsourcing of the agency's Cemer EHR system, implemented two major Cermer upgrades and developed the technology plan
oR eteialcemieer sae Lahm bes picl a

Developed and managed the County's Project Leadership Academy.

The Academy trains and mentors project managers from various agencies using PMI /PMP grade training materials and examples.

Senior Project Manager/Architect/Business Analyst , 04/2001 to 10/2013 Company Nang

Health Care Agency - Electronic Health Record System Managed the implerrentation ofa $50 million Cerner system across two hospitals,
40 clinics and Public Health in 14 months, The system included 56 solutions including registration, scheduling, patient care, and billing.

It included interfaces to PACS, Pyxis, and other outside entities.

Land Management Providing Project Management Office (PMO) oversight and mentoring to project managers ona major upgrade ($4.5
million) to the County's Land Managerent and Permitting System

Includes executive status presentations, multiagency coordination and mentoring/supervision of 2 junior project managers.

Fire Department Enterprise Architecture Initialization, analysis and estimating for a S6 million upgrade of the Fire Department's IT systems
including the development ofa data warehouse and executive dashboards.

Property Tax Led a team of analysts to develop a comprehensive requirements document for a replacerrent property tax system.

This document was then used in a Request For Proposal for the new system.

The system will serve five County organizations consisting of approximately 400 employees as well as thousands of taxpayers.

Managed the requirements definition, design, development and implementation ofa number of large Law Enforcement / Public Safety
aati

This included an Innate Management System, Records Management System (RMS), Mobile Field Reporting System, Mobile Computer
Aided Dispatch (CAD) System, Wants/Warrants System and Investigative Case Management System.

Most of these systems share a common data architecture and serve over 900 members of the Sheriff's Department.

Projects were between $500K and $1 million in size.

Project teams varied between 5 and 15 people.

County Telecommunications Managed the implementation of'a Cisco based data network and VoIP telephone systemat all the County's
main campuses.

The scope of the $4 million project included 4000 phones and 180 switches/routers.

Stepped in and managed a Countywide Microwave project that was already underway and in troubk.

This $12 million project used Harris equipment at 18 sites.

Five of these required new construction including towers, generators and shelters.

County IT Services Implemented the Service-Now package for the IT departrent.

This included implerrentation of ITIL processes.

Provided several new project management concepts to other county development tearrs.

Echo Poe anatc Ce Grab eB ee cunercat nec cm

Mentored other project managers.

Uae EMeraninni Ae Lowyreous Alte ernie Keen sninnmm Rp berm Ont ciPLO Oe enna Nite

for the company’s CRM practice.

Acted in roles including Project Management, Architect and Lead Designer on the below listed projects.

RR Donnelley - Managed the design and development ofa customer B2B portal for RR Donnelley's Book Division to provide secure
access to customer's proprietary reports using data aggregated from disparate databases within numerous Publishing Services facilities.
Portal was developed with BroadVision One-to-One Enterprise for all major fimctions.

Advest - Managed the design and development ofa Web-based workflow enabled electronic new account formsystem

System was a custom application to implement online account data collection, real-time compliance, workflow processing and interface to
Advest's ADP back office system

Franciscan Winery - Developed a CRM and Decision Support solution across several departments and vendors based on Epiphany
technology.

Project included the design ofboth an Epiphany data mart and a separate customer data warehouse.

A rewset of applications was designed to load, maintain and access the customer's data warehouse.

Mattel - Designed and marketed proof of concept for an Intemet marketing solution.

Solution included leading edge integration between Epiphany and Annuncio products.
