PRACTICE MANAGER

Executive Summary

Strategic, motivational, and solutions-focused leader with an MBA and with extensive experience in analyzing systems/processes and impkmenting
mission-critical infrastructure improvernents Broad based experience in the healthcare industry including regulatory/corporate compliance, strategic
pknning, and contract negotiations. Craft and implement key quality improvements to enhance quality patient care and secure regulatory
compliance Proven track record of success in developing solutions which significantly improve the efficiency of business operations; experience
developing and implementing multi-year budgets and operational plans. Excel in corporate environments across diverse industries with the ability to
colborate effectively with colleagues, executives, and client groups.

Core Qualifications

Proficient in Windows 2000/XP/7;Novell NetWare 4.x/5.x/6.x; EMR (Alscripts and McKesson); TCP/IP Enterprise Networks; Enterprise
Virus Protection; Asset Managerent/ITIL; Areserve/Backup Exec/Net Backup; Symantec Ghost; Cable Installation/Management; LANDesk;
Window Server 2000/2003/2008; HIPAA/HITEC

Professional Experience

Waites nner ur C een @lsaig

Company Name i City , State

© Develop annual planning, budgeting and productivity levels for corporate accounting.

Prepare detailed business and financial activity reports and use financial ratios and statistical trending for market-wide growth.

¢ Improvements to top line growth by 39.4% through building an effective hospital team, ensuring a safe and engaging environment, and
improving medical quality and business performance.

Responsible for cost contaimment, cash contro//banking, asset protection, loss prevention, inventory management, Federal and DEA
compliance.

Develop and deploy new hospital initiatives including training physician partners, implementing an efficient patient workflow from intake to
discharge and community marketing/outreach campaigns.

© Build client base by providing extraordinary service to existing clients and by initiating new marketing plans.

Information Technology Manager Feb 2012 to Sep 2013
Company Name i City , State

* Ensured regulatory compliance and integrity of health information systems.

¢ Provided support during surveys, ADR, and internal audits.

© Mentored and ensured the professional development of new clinical employees by providing onsite educational programs and supported
seasoned clinical staff by making field visits.

© Member of the Performance Improverment committee and oversaw compliance department operations.

Information Technology Manager Sep 2008 to May 2011
Company Name i City , State

© Revised technology initiatives, and developed strategic/operations plans to drive business operations.

* Provided all technical support for EMR (Allscripts) projects.

Developed, authored, distributed, and enhanced processes and improved procedural manuals/policies Standardized purchasing,

F ceutec i ermB INC IORI C DLC Whee @e)srariL ecm

Championed mission-critical operational changes which required new system, network, and telecommunication system training and

employee development.

© Recognized developing teams and processes that boosted growth, profitability, and efficiency.

* Revised clinical training collateral, delivered chssroom instruction, and conducted clinical visits to ensure all field staff competencies in EMR
scan)

Marketing Director Feb 2007 to Sep 2008
Company Name i City , State

© Led marketing initiatives including service packaging, advertising campaigns, serrinar rollouts agency placements, endorsements, media
Bret Lema a Cob a WMT «R\CaeSsi ote ae oe
© Oversaw communication and 3rd part public relations.

Director of Information Systems Jan 2004 to Feb 2007
Company Name i City , State

Impkmented the agency's first disaster recovery plan to minimize productivity loss.

© Established equipment lifecycles to nmximize use of technology throughout the organization.

© Created and delivered agency computer/security training collateral and instruction to increase end user knowledge and minimize agency
Pen

Boosted user satisfaction by doubling bandwidth at 2 remote sites and tripling bandwidth at the corporate site, and ensuring usage of VoIP
SUB ince Ke) (nom

Reduced maintenance costs, improved productivity, increased employee security, and decreased travel expenses by implementing Verizon
cell phone plan to replace pagers, and included the Field Force Mamager that Integrated into backend clinical system to do scheduling.
