PROJECT MANAGER
Riterersa

Technical Support Professional skilkd at resolving complex customer service issues ina timely manner. Enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to
technical issues. Successfill at driving financial and productivity results in fast paced enviromments.

bs hranianie
© Windows XP/7/8, Server 2003/2008

ee er

Active Directory, MS Outlook 2007/2010

SCCM, RDC, SMS

PC Hardware/Software, Printers, Copiers, Laptops, Mobile devices
Routers, Switches, Storage

USO aT

PCN O Yea cit

Remedy

Accomplishments
Exceeded monthly goals by successfilly handling more than 50 calls per day. Reduced technical exceptions to management by 40% to only 15 per

rN

Experience
UDR OL@M avails
Uileam Vniyna me TAN Cay OLS MMS HI

Built and maintained successfil relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers.

Provided base evel IT support to company personnel.

Poirceb se eumea Marlee err eiiercce Rel hk ea Oe

Delivered status reports to stakehoKlers for budgeting and planning purposes.

Collaborated with cross-fimctional teams to draft project schedules and plans.

Monitored costs, timescales and resources used to achieve [Goal].

Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.

aR PDO Urata Bcotuaneeieel Ronee ecce Poohemeccarnt ee) §

OTe Laralceneblstcdel bce) engeuntccm ar eedmcence mes es iMeliNZeOice Ene Ricshinee Ra nym
Key Performance: Managed 40 team members with the ability to initiate/manage cross-fimetional teams and multi- disciplinary projects.
Increased productivity with critical thinking, decision-making and probkem solving skils.

YO atnrctmeyetniccemtncmoa nas cr ceetia aay Lose

Excellent communication skills to coordinate with customers, vendors, and stakehoHers.

Skilled in leading, negotiating and delegating abilities.

WU ccs Ons RSI slbetcy

03/2004 to 07/2013
Information Technology Specialist Company Name i City , State

Trained new employees and exphined protocols clearly and efficiently.
Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to resolve comphints and answer inquiries.

© 9 years experience working as an agent to all corporate systems in the field, call center and central service office.
¢ Analyzed system problens, performed troubleshooting, ensured connectivity and trained staf

e

°

Key Performance: Managed and supported workstations on TCPAP, VPN, and Wi-Fi networks, managed Active Directory, SCCM,
VOIP, Avaya PBX systems.

Managed and supported workstations in various locations with use of SMS (System managerrent software) and remote tools such as VNC,
RDC and Active Directory Facilitated Adds/Moves/Changes on Avaya PBX telephone systems Supported the integration of new
technologies such as Cloud printing and CSO (Remote Enterprise) into operation.

Maintenance & Upgrades: Performed weekly health checks via SMS and documented results for problem resolutions Performed routine
mnintenance on workstations, IP phones, Xerox copiers, HP printers and laptop computers.

© Performed all hardware/software upgrades servers, workstations, copiers and printers.

COE Soon ce ber Eee ee CObeR MLC COMO RM linea Om

© Developed and maintained docurrentation needed by support staff, including troubleshooting steps, installation instructions, new tools

overviews, and contact lists.
Responsible for notifying users of network/system issues.

PRB ZSH rock Moraes emMbacareatem cotived) kc) im vane mcr BISo Ne

Education
6/2012
