SENIOR VICE-PRESIDENT AND CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER

Core Accomplishments

Strategized with various areas of business to develop a proof of concept with an intermational financial company headed by a world-renowned
Nobel Peace Prize winner to establish the principle of micro-lending for low income, immigrant families

Professional Experience

Senior Vice-President and Chief Information Officer , 01/2009 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Industry expert in a wide variety of technology systems, business applications and IT service managenent. Primary focus: Network Security
and IT Operational Management using the findamentals of scalar design/architecture and business process improvement. Create “living”
technology that supports strategic vision and goals, as well as growing customer needs.

Instituted a technology roadimp to guide the IT departrent with proper business alignment to create measurabk, efficient and sustainable
technology for Goodwil's various business verticals - Retail and eCommerce, Employment and Contracts, Mission Services.

Outsourced selected portions of the IT process to facilitate the development of additional operational efficiencies to improve the technology
plist uah atc

Designed and collaborated with architects, engineers, and industry technology leaders in the build and operation of Second Generation Data
eae mae lected esc

Designed a Business Continuity strategy that incorporates all critical aspects of the business to ensure the business remains solvent in the
event of service interruption or significant business disruption.

Improved IT spend through proper fulfillment and procurement process provisioning - CapEx and OpEx improverments realized to ease the
associated costs of technology growth.

Proper sourcing of selected areas of the IT business process through staffaugmentation, outsourcing, in-sourcing and near-shore
opportunities to improve IT effectiveness and service delivery.

Provided guidance and expertise on various panels, as well as interviewed by various media outlets and corporations for case-studies and
dialogues around strategic IT - CIO magazine, Fierce CIO, CIO Zone, Enterprise Mobility, Enterprise CIO Forums, CIO Summit, CDW,
CDM, Cisco, Splashtop, VEEAM, Airwatch, Quantum Technologies, ZDNet.

Vice-President, Information Technology , 01/2005 to 01/2009 Company Naime 1% City , State

Designed a system to overhaul the entire information gathering and distribution process through the use of portal technology. Streamlined
operations and in doing so foster an atmosphere of empowennent and accountability using the principks of Enterprise Resource Planning,
Outsourced selected portions of the IT process to facilitate the development of additional operational efficiencies to improve the technology
infrastructure, reduce costs, improve effectiveness and sharpen internal focus on development activities.

Pe RUE COU rman ed (UMS FOUR ERS ZULacepENGs neon ncrake Na ee mar Times ierine Rte’
Se RMR CR eee Rt ipa Re ca UMLe cna CHM I eSEyuMlectiip cba Roce Og
developing print materials over traditional copy machine equipment as the ROI was seen within months versus years.

Strategized with various areas of business to develop a proof of concept with an international financial company headed by a worl-
Kone D ceed pcos ue R Lom ORC beens een atee ceding Oe Nm TeOn mmr rtm let coe

Authored a case study to review non-profit technologies. This study was based on a review of industry kading technologies in comparison
to Goodwil's Retention Policy as it related to the Disaster Recovery Policy/Business Continuity Plan. Realized a 43% savings over the cost
of the equipment.

Technology Visionary - Developed the ROI, gained approval and then guided the development and subsequent re-development ofa
homegrown case management application to improve the fiture state of Mission Service and Employment business verticals. This
application has been a proven keader among competitors.

Technology Visionary - Engineered the platform to support Goodwill first Blade Server and Data De-duplication technology, as well as
server virtualization, to increase performance and avaibbility whik reducing management overhead - the fore-runner to some of the
technologies widely used by Fortune 100 companies from that time until now.

Mamager/Senior Network Engineer, Information Technology , 01/2001 to 01/2005 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Challenged to secure and improve reliability of wide area network and all future business expansions sites.
© Chief Architect - Designed and impkmented corporate-wide, platform independent, Personal Information Manager (PIM) with Microsoft

Exchange\Outlook to replace Novell based Pegasus emi system

Strategic Visionary - Chief Architect - Designed and Impkemented the process ofa tiered in-place migration from Novell NetWare to MS
Windows: transitioned ftom Netware Directory Service to Microsoft Active Directory Service, migrated user and group accounts,
Pen storc Siena loo NS OnnPcivs Riecng Rosie cece nunc Lee areca ecmrcccyurec hy uecrlag
Chih enltess

Responsibke for overall performance and avaihbility ofall aspects of the network.

Analyze network and design upgrades/changes as needed.

Assess the company's current and fiture network needs using scalabk systems.

ese ensle) meme mcucee scores sucel tom

Oversee the design, development, release, and maintenance of e-muil application systems.

Responsibke for all aspects (software and hardware) of organization's network systems.

Recommend, implerent, and maintain network architectures (LAN and WAN).

Assist in the development and maintenance of network communications.

Use knowledge of LAN/WAN systems to help plan and install internal and extemal networks.

Test and evaluate network systems to eliminate problems and make improvements.
