DATABASE PROGRAMMER/ANALYST (.NET DEVELOPER)
Summary

Software Engineer with 2 years in Web Developer specializing in front end development. Proficient in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
and SCRUM AGILE methodologies of development process to produce software solutions by team Involved in designing, planning, developing
and implementing Microsoft .Net based solutions that meet quality and code standards. Developed web based applications using C#, ASP.Net,
JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, Bootstrap CSS, HTML, XML and AJAX. Strong experience in data retrieval and manipulation using ADO.Net data
objects such as Dataset, Data Reader, Data list, Data Adaptor, Entity Frame work. Good experience in writing Class Library using C# , LINQ to
SQL queries in Database Access hyer to interface with SQL Database. Worked extensively with .Net Server Controls, Web User Controls, Data
Grid, Web Control, Form Validation Controls and created Custom controls. Worked on creating and modifying Table Definitions, stored
procedures in SQL Database. Modified and written web services using C# to interact with the other applications so data can be served. Used Red
Gate SQL Compare to deploy database from one server to another server (Dev -> Test/QA). Worked on .NET security features such as Form-
Based Authentication and Role-Based Authorization. Involved in bug fixes and production support. Worked closely with Scrum Master for
backlog catalogs, feature catalogs and prioritized the tasks Participated in daily scrums and weekly meetings with the project sponsors to meet
expectations and deadlines Interact with QA to ensure the defects are properly cleared to attain the quality standards Providing dems to the QA
teamat the end of the sprint to push for its final stage. Worked with cross-fimctional teams to meet project.

BS ania}
© ASP.Net, C#, JavaScript, jQuery, VB.Net, C, C++, Java
Net Technologies: .Net Framework 4.0/4.5, ASP.Net, ASP.NET MVC, VB.Net, ADO.Net, Entity Framework, AJAX, Web Service,
LINQ, Entity Framework, LINQ queries. ASP.Net, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap CSS.
IDE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, Dreammveaver
Database: SQL, MySql
Operating Systent Windows
Version Controls : Tortoise SVN, GitHub
Others: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power point

Professional Experience
Database Progranmer/Analyst (NET Developer) Jum 2014 to Feb 2016
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Worked as Graduate Research Assistant performing the duties of Database Programmer/Analyst at Application Development Network
(ADN), DolT which supports University of Missouri System faculty and students through agik and rapid creation of new applications.
Projects: Atlas: Description: This project is all about requesting, scheduling the tutoring sessions.

There are three roles tied to application they are Tutee, Tutor, and Scheduler.

PMU od ere ete MOTs OmlLeaacen elo icasie Locman ee Veruca ina ei@ reat beReiccmeicalicelnul Pencil sine Gre cbse t|
METKo ranean

Aschedukr will go through those availabilities and schedule time and location for tutoring,

Ako, there are some set of rules for dropping the tutoring sessions which are incorporated in this project.

The other piece of this project is autonmted emuils through Scheduled task which runs every day.

em Slolipecwm Oeet re RUA iNeenlaninm rtm

In grid cach cell represents time (1 hour span) and day of the week.

Clicking on the cell toggles the availability.

Automatically populated the course schedule which comes from different database(Worked with data warehouse team in order to get that
data) Developed C# Console Application for Scheduled emuil task.

Got rid of data tables and table adapters in the main project as they are tightly coupled.

Created Chass libraries out of the main project to access the database which can be used by both Console Application for Schedule task
and web application.

Integrated Open Source HTML text editor CK Editor into the website.

LOR Olloss tm iionnumce cu ceneRve a Sibel icihy van WiM nae emo enc eR elt ice

Used role based authorization for various pages.

The goal of the project to refractor the old application with new templates and replace the assemblies.

Adding fimctionalities to upload pdf files.

Responsilities: Created separate Login page for Administrator and Students.

Used Active Directory (AD Group) to restrict other department Students.

Developed a web interface for Administrators to upload the pdf files into database which can be viewed by students.

Updated the entire application by using new Visual Studio 2013 template which make use of Bootstrap CSS by changing the master pages.
Modified the structure of database to login.

Used Redgate SQL Compare to copy the data from database from dev server to test sever.

Replaced the old ADN Utilities assemblies with new DolT Utilities asserrblies.

Applnventory: Description: The goal of the project to allow the admins, managers, scrum masters of the organization to keep track various
Pes RV AS La heRiba mee setmuncennaiee DUC cae

For every application there are application parameters which includes App Structure, Remedy group, User Departments etc.

and each application has different version.

For each version the parameters are Prod, QA, test URL, DCL, Database, platforms, framework used to develop application, UAT dates
