INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER / NETWORK ENGINEER

Professional Overview

A highly skilled and accomplished Information Technology Manager with over 16 years of expertise in phning, implementing and streamlining IT
OIA CLTSn enna ona eneed erect acc oe\

Blog

Strong leader with demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels and in all fictional areas. Exceptional commumication and
project managenent skills with the ability to successfilly manage multipke priorities and assignments.

Sails

A Networking: TCP/IP, Wirekss 802.11 alble, DNS, WINS, DHCPA
Relevant ees

Information Technology Manager / Network Engineer Feb 2006 to Current
Con oie Nclnea LOL mE

Responsibk for all day-to-day operations and fimetions of Wilkes & McHugh's six offices and 300 staff members.A

Ee CLERC ep eMac tn Sholay econ ae ui ascend irae Lee BNET ESL)
applications, and development of new software tools.A

Work closely with the CIO and senior management to ensure business and technology objectives are aligned.A

Researched new technologies and cakculted future needs to achieve accurate capacity planning. Negotiated hardware and software
Puwemiewtne Beacon cckee ira ce

¢ Dramatically reduced IT costs and maintenance by virtualizing the company's infrastructure using VMware. IRE ctrecte nce Rost
from 50 to 4 and streamlined disaster recovery processes.A

Su amncienrs Rocca cet Wott Pes dormin migration from 2008 to 2012 R2.

ee LeU AIC RUC LOR PA BLG Na Oe eo rsLia auc Pe eee LOE Nala Nin eterna
Increased speed and reliability of company email by migrating from Microsoft Exchange 2010 to 2016.A

Streamlined operations by designing new Citrix infrastructure using Netscaker load balancersA to ensure better speed and connectivity with
PECK Ten OM aR ew WAN

Led the planning and implementation of Disaster Recovery site in Atlanta, Created company's first comprehensive business continuity plan
Brand ac Rul tannaccow

Installed and configuring Barracuda Spam & Virus Firewalls resulting in the reduction of Spam by 40%.A.

CREO onectRcculn ig Ne mE TLet Le nioncte Recs ec senp Iau mR SUSE RU EN CTs oteAet ONES tant oe

Pe Node ceni ch iorcaies eluate AM Rciulienn Bie cretiiea han en On am Sonera
Manager.A

Conducted training on internal systerns, local procedures and other technical subjects for company employees.

© Coordinate with external technology vendors, intemal staff members, and third-party consultants

Network Engineer Sep 2003 to Jan 2006
(Ooi ote Nelnea LOL NaS] IC

PUNO ena TLC RNC n OPAL IE ESoMamrasteid ent cae

Responsible for all LAN and WAN duties of local and remote Networks.A

FEMS Ronen eons meer aneeee rat once UM acw’

een MOST EMIS OMY eR Mus PAnII LO nocturne nse

Shc R ni rca poop teyAnek bral Ronan

Terence ees Roa catunarcrea Venue slcvmcrleRuel meron ow
Installed and configured Web servers, FTP servers, and POP3 mail servers.

Manage Cisco 1900 Switches and 2600 Routers. Configured VPN Remote Access for users.
Pe ere E NCHA POLL uo Mel SEP Rhy uremia Cobos wollen geben Ose iN
Wirteedr zeny ecm Oy Ganncttemimnadearcn a.

No aco neim tecia sR CuMAn ike OP AUrAn ik}
(Ooi aN ben L ON

© Provided network and desktop support to over 800 users Provided technical support to all offices of the S.B.A.

¢ Domnin Supported the Help Desk using Help Star software Troubkshooting of Windows 98 and 2000 Desktop Computers Implemented
Group Policy Objects to control desktop environment and security Performed Hardware and Software upgrades and replacements
Performed installations and troubleshooting of MS Office Suite Managed users, computers, and Organizational Units through Active
Directory Created disc images ofdesktop and notebook computers using Norton Ghost Troubleshooting and repairs of Laser Printers and
Copy Machines.
