INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER/ANALYST

Professional Summary

Tnnovative and solution focused web development manager/analyst with extensive experience in Program and Project Management. Detail
oriented and skilled in identifying technology needs, creating a plan for solving them, and Ieading multiple tearrs to implement the solutions. Self
Peace com Nal anered mca emt. osncrcrecb mor ana ensigns ores

als

Project managerent —_Results-oriented

SUrvUcier anon at ams cllica esr Miter Cog

Process improverrent Data analysis

Requirements gathering Team player

Blesnbeslo Mtesiitoeelncg

Strategic planning Extensive technology experience
Work History

PiGicenM loci) sumone MEU Pulm One near’

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Amalyze the technology needs of the Graduate College, to develop short term and long term goals and to meet and implement the solutions to those
needs by working with internal, external or mixed teams tech or nor-tech teams. Oversee the managerent of multiple websites running various
software.A Supervise and manage the composition of the Graduate Colkge information technology team focusing on balancing technology skills
based on short and long term goals.A. Develop staff skills through training as needed. Collect and report data to various groups across campus as
well as to national agencies such as National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health, and Council of Graduate Rorersow.

© Led the Graduate College IT team for over eight years

¢ Impkmented Software Development Lifecycle Methodology

Appointed to Iowa State University's Paperless Task force to represent the Graduate College
Ekcted to the Professional and Scientific Council to represent P&S employees

Led strategic initiates for the Graduate College for past three years

(Ar ulele ne eUCM anes sHONiNaietimme nec ic DOM

Proficient in the use and implementation of industry IT standards

Regularly transhte detailed program requirements into technical specifications.

Manager , 06/2003 to 06/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Assisted with the runing of the Des Moines Store (Largest in district).
© Managed 25 employees.

© Trained employees to compkte their position duties.

© Handkd cash daily and reconciled accounts.

Web Communications Manager , 01/1999 to 01/2003

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Peto ccm iremiais tes Rides ce eR N Ore notin cd acek lie) eu cRUN RIAU CASHIN ME enya lle Tome al MACRO TE Caceslh et
department. A Directed various development teams of project managers and programmers focusing on intemal and external users. A Created
project plans and worked with marketing and executive leadership to gain approval for projects. A Regularly worked by phone or ermil to
compkte projects. A

© Led project teams to roll out first company wide intranet, whik delivering 1 month faster than orignal timeline.
© Developed new corporate website from scratch, and then led tearrs to roll out new website.
* Developed, trained, and implemented Corporate Web Design Standards across the company.

brairestbeny

Family Financial Planning (Graduate Certificate) : Iowa State University - City , State

Will be a Certified Financial Planner after completion. : 1 1998

GPA: GPA: 4.0 GPA: 4.0

B.S : Marketing , Iowa State University - City , State

WW etacanae

Microsoft Front Page Certified New Horizons - Des Moines, IA A CCOMPLISHMENTS : 1 1999

T Rolled out the first company wide intranet for a Fortune 500 Company. | Leamed two computer hnguages on my own to better understand the
limits of what developers can do. 1 In 2010, elected Professional and Scientific representative. | Implemented entire electronic thesis/dissertation

solution at Iowa State University. | Published paper at International Academy of Technology Education, and Development (IATED) conférence:
Enpowering Departrrents Across the University by Using Web Technologies A 2
