INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Professional Summary

To secure a position as an Information Technology in a challenging and competitive environment, where my information systems, and network
development, design , diagnostics which will filly utilized, and offer new and refreshing ideas in an environment for improvement and efficiency in
Networking and Security related areas and offer an opportunity for advancement. Troubkeshooting and analytical skills with capacity to accurately
identify and assess problems before providing expert solutions. Dedicated to providing quality customer support; consistently meet or exceed client
needs by providing service beyond expectation. Communication and interpersonal skills with abitility to listen effectively respond appropriately and
mmintain mutual comfort level while relating to a diverse group of individuals. Proven project management abilities; able to assume multiple
responsibilities and renmin productive within time-sensitive and fast-paced environments. Recognized for professionalism, thoroughness, and
commitrrent to quality and teammork. Ready to assume new challenges to meet or succeed objectives.

Core Qualifications
Phtforms: Windows XP, Windows 7, Server 2003, Server 2008

Hardware: PC's, Dell Servers, HP ProLiant Servers, HP-UX, Sun Servers and Printers set up and installation

Applications: MS Office, Symantec, Active Directory, VMware vSphere, BSM (HP Business Service Management), NNMi - iSPI (similar to
Netview), HPNA (HP Network Automation)

schivor anes

iGo locine)eumoncuaite

December 2014 to July 2015 Company Nane

OrrSite headquarters in VPSI.

Establish and nnintain a high level of customer service relative to intemal and external customers.

Provide technical leadership and support in planning and keeping track of IT budget.

Installing network hardware and software including network operating systems, managing and maintaining 12 local physicals and 20 virtual
servers; ensuring daily tape backups system using ARC server.

Nout esm ieee mr sec coRUR NAL OCB emo sianeTe Rie lectlle ice

Works on assignments that are moderately complex in nature.

FU ech a LAO LS SO ee

Support for a small LAN/WAN network-level problems on the live network using network management tools.

Corrects or suggests alternative solutions to problens.

Ability to plan prioritizes, organize and document work to maximize performance.

Work with end users to collect, analyze and evaluate business information system requirements.

Work with VPSI business units/programs to design and develop functionalities that meet business requirements.

Use judgment and creativity to design approach to meet requirements/specifications as provided by business development and project
Paes

Responsible for estimating, creating, and meeting the timeline of the development for release.

Develop requirements documents, create technical design documents.

Perform system tests, user acceptance tests, and implement phn.

Test site and application to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects.

Review, analyze, and perform web site content updates in accordance with customer's instructions, standards, and guidance.
Attend scheduled meetings and participate as lead or team member accordingly.

Network Management System Engineer
May 2008 to December 2014 Company Name i City , State

Working with NMS team to designs and develops BSM/ NNMLISPI / HPNA to analyze, anticipate and remediate service health issues

eladvmoinecnina

© Optomize performance & availability across applications, system, networks and storage, over cloud, virtual and traditional IT environments.

Improves user experience at a lower cost to the business.

CA FUINVSc UR erence nonicence cTnnerslbLciianieiemraienae ei eicomicereckite@eicpeccerc Gocco ritiremsine
increase network service kvels.

© The HP NNMiSrart Plug-in add-on moduks (iSPIs) enhance NNMi capabilities and add awareness of specialized network environments,

providing your team with the information it needs to anticipate and more quickly find and fix problers.

In addition, through unified workflows enabled by advanced integrations, you can repair network faults with HP Network Automation

Sethe

Upgraded Cisco Secure Access Control! Server (CSACS) 1121 network appliance version 5.4 and responsible for deploying applications

and services into the NMCI and affiliated USMC networks.

Supported system infrastructure associated with NMCI (Navy Marine Corps Intranet) project in compliance with Service Level Agreement

(SLA) with Department of Navy (DoN) and Marine Network.
