DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Summary

TT Director/Manager with extensive experience in network operations, leveraging expertise in organization growth and problem solving, Driven,
professional and detailed-oriented with the proven ability to plan, design and implement technical systems, improve process flow and administer
departmental budgets.

Highlights

Operating Systerrs: Windows 7, 8.1, 10, Windows Server 2008 R2 & 2012

Exchange Server 2007 & 2010 - Appl; Mac OSX & 10S - BB10 OS, Android

OOS acc ionaied

Citrix and remote terminal services, LogMeIn, Team Viewer, Skype for business.

Experience with SQL, SaaS and Hyper-V

Active Directory Services, Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, SSL, WSUS and FTP

San/Nas Storage, Cisco Routers, HP Switches, Sonicwall Firewalls

Symantec Backup/AntiVirus, Trend-Micro, Arcserve, Acronis

schivor anes
January 1996 to January 2016
Company Name City , State Director of Information Technology

Directed and managed the entire IT operations for a commercial real estate investment company with over 15 locations throughout the U.S.
Forecasted and planned all network information processing and communication needs for the entire company.

Provided senior evel leadership on all IT security and risk management concems.

Being proactive to ensure the continued fimctionality ofa stable, reliable, and secure IT environment, including focus on current and
Piicunlose kal cemenlinnaliics cet ee 1c.

Ensured technology compliance with SOX, PCI, IT general and regulatory controk.

Established, documented and administered all IT operational policies and procedures to control systems and integrity risks.

Created and analyzed annual IT operational and capital budgets and 5-year plans.

Efficiently used monies allocated within those budgets.

Inspected 3rd party contracts, evaluated and negotiated proposals for software and hardware services.

Project leader for developing, planning and instituting disaster recovery and business continuity.

Provided redundancy on all network components and system fallovers.

Redundant communication and intemet lines using BGP for failover.

Ensured the consistency of existing applications by creating, maintaining, testing and enforcing standards/procedures for implementing
software rollouts.

DOs Gelevnerunsersunery Aree meee ebcacltetn

Maintained and upgraded all Audio/Video in conference rooms.

Installed office security: Card key and camera systerrs.

Hired and managed system administrators and supervised outside consultants.

Originally hired as IT Manager promoted to Director in 2002.

January 1995 to January 1996
Company Name City, State Manager of Information Technologies

* Provided network administration, PC and network trouble shooting, file server configuration, backup systems configuration, network and
Va etaleyLa trai

© Maintained Lotus Notes Domino Mail Server, operating system and application software upgrading, anti-virus and firewall management,
hardware configuration and troubleshooting, application maintenance and administration.

January 1992 to January 1995
Company Name City , State Sole IT person Manager of Information Services

© Recruited to relocate to Chicago to run the accounting operations system.
* Beganat LINC as the Accounting Operations Manager eventually became the Network Manager.
CRW elncipec@ OPE BN Cone scat aim

January 1991 to January 1992
Company Name City , State Customer Service Representative

© Recruited by Software Company to relocate to Wellesky, MA.
* Provided technical support for customers.

Education

Baruch College

City , State Accounting BS Accounting

Sail

Accounting, Active Directory, anti-virus, AntiVirus, Apple, Arcserve, Audio, Backup, BGP, budgets, Cisco Routers, Citrix, hardware, contracts,
