EPIC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Summary
Seeking a position in the field of Bio-Phanm where I can utilize and contribute my skills in an Ingenious manner.
Skills

© Microbial testing, endotoxin- LAL Test.

© Nano particle Size and Charge analysis by Malveren Nano ZS 90.

Pa celal etm

© HPLC handling and Chromatography techniques.

© Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) technique.

© EPIC care.
© Experienced in Method development, Method Validation, Method verification and Method transfer of new analytical methods
© Wet chemistry techniques. MS office, Efficient Intemet Browsing, SAS programming, EPIC care.

schivor anes
eNO ROLY)
EPIC Information Technology Specialist Company Name 1% City , State

© Supported physicians and nurses with updating work list and flowsheet information.
© Provided instructions to staffon the use of EPIC Care.

© Provided support during the go-live.

© Nanotechnology THz biological imging.

OU ECR e Te

Research Associate Company Name 14 City , State

* Study of Tera Spectra and Tera imaging.

¢ Analytical testing and method development and method validation.

THz imaging for nanotechnology: The relationship between nanotechnology and THz is bidirectional, in the sense that the concurrent
developments can contribute to both technologies.

THz modalities have helped the expansion of nanotechnology.

© Maintenance and Calibration of Analytical Instruments such as HPLC, UPLC, UV, FT-IR, Dissolution apparatus, pH meter and analytical
sie

Nanotechnology could help in the development of high-resolution, sensitive and portable detectors and new efficient sources for THz
imaging purposes.

Capillary electrophoresis (CE) methods used in submillireter diameter capillaries and in micro and nanofluidic channels.

Performed the Biotechnology techniques cytogenetics and PCR methods.

Created Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for instrurrental analysis.

Fundamental lab procedures including pipetting, buffer preparation, weighing,

Recorded hboratory data and graphed the results to identify significant variations.

Prepared reports complying with FDA, ISO, cGMP and intemal regulations; and coordinated material, instrument and process validations.
Maintained hb set up by ordering common supplies and chemicals.

PFCs aeeuce cmulbe sta oleae Azceriiuineacalea rere cm

11/2013 to 12/2015
Company Name i City , State

Determine their thickness profile.

Analytical testing and method development and method validation.

Confirming the ability of this technique to resolve small variations in Ti02 layer thickness and consequently adsorption.

Capillary electrophoresis (CE) methods used in submillireter diameter capillaries and in micro- and nanofluidic channels.
Chromatographie techniques (GC).

Developed new analytical methods based on testing results.

Created Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for instrurrental analysis.

Performed a variety of technical laboratory fictions in the operation and maintenance of laboratory equipment calibrating,

Prepared reports complying with FDA, ISO, cGMP and intemal regulations and coordinated material, instrument and process validations.
Maintenance and Calibration of Analytical Instruments such as HPLC, UPLC, UV, FT-IR, Dissolution apparatus, pH meter and analytical
sie

Fundamental lab procedures including pipetting, buffer preparation, weighing,

Essential to develop a new compound of antibiotics.

12/2010 to 04/2012
Research Associate Company Narre i4 City

¢ Isolation, identification, Bioprocessing and characterization of secondary metabolites from the soil screened microorganism
© Screening of soil actinomycetes from the different soil sampks.
* Taxonomical studies for antibiotic producing isolates.
