MASTER DATA MANAGER

schivor anes

Master Data Manager , 01/2019 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Aligning 100+ supply chain-related master data attributes to ensure the following guidelines are met:

Data Stewardship - Appropriate business units and ownership established to validate appropriate values, definitions and impact
documentation for all master data fiekls.

* Data Quality - Applicable controls are set in conjecture with IT to ensure that a proactive approach is taken to new muster data.

Additionally, RPA process planned for Phase 2 to autormate structured data entry and maintenance.

Data Integrity/Data Warehousing - Structure business logic to ensure BOMs and other data relationships are both accessible and built as an
asset for the business.

Additionally, a Data Sync SOP was established for GS1 standardization.

Reporting - Automate data quality reporting for executive staff to ensure 99.8% compliance is adhered to throughout the organization.
Additionally, provide ad-hoc tools for the business to leverage clean data cubes.

Data Governance Committee - Oversee executive strategy in institutional master data to commit to trusted, accurate, structured and
meaningful master data.

Engaging applicable stakehoklers to promote data governance, data architect, data stewardship and data security the data governance
committee oversees the framework for complex supply chain manufacturing operations.

Director of Information Technology , 01/2017 to 01/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Supply Chain Management - Warehouse, 3PL, Food Services, Served as the corporate Project Manager, overseeing all implementations
(WMS, ERP, QMS, CMMS, infrastructure).

© Responsibilities included progress reporting, budget control, task delegation, plan creation, vendor coordination, etc.
* Developed a range of documents and performed project selection tasks such as workflow process maps, system integration documents,

infrastructure topology, organizational policies, GDPR, UAT, gap analysis, best fit models and user training manuals.

Deployed and managed BI products to leverage company-wide data for decisionmakers, proactive analysis, and real-time resource
ee

Utilizing SSRS/PowerBI to analyze sets of data across multiple databases, automate value-add reporting to 3PL clients, visualize KPIs thru
the organization, create workflows for document automation and create alerts for various business units.

* Launched a high-performance data warehouses and virtual machines to store, integrate, analyze, and report on enterprise data.
¢ Anarray of SSAS cubes were deployed to allow for end-user ad-hoc tabular reports.
© Additionally, a complex network of interfaces between 6+ enterprise systems, 4 SQL databases, 1 Orack database, and other enterprise

systems (file server, exchange, EDI, etc) was implemented to support the ETL process.

Executing infrastructure refresh for a 200,000 sqft industriaVproduction facility.

The deployment includes an array of 15 switches, 1,000 cable runs, racking, 100 AP, 300 cameras, NVRs, controllers, and creating floor
plans and topology documents.

Controlled a $2MM IT budget, short-term and long-term strategies, and CapEx justification across the business.

Including selecting and negotiating with vendors, promoting operational process improverrent, instituting best practices, and developing IT
roadmaps and strategic plans.

On track to reduce IT spend by $250K by renegotiating vendor contracts, consolidating cloud services, implementing automntion tools and
upgrading kgacy systems.

Responsible for a team of IT professionals and vendors assigned to all corporate and local office systems, including ERP, WMS, logistics
systems, data centers, servers and storage, PCs, mobik devices, BDR, telecom, and help desk.

Reduced IT service desk's response time and resolution time while increasing knowledge base and reducing reoccurring tickets by over
Ri

Information Technology Govemance & Steering Committee (ITGSC) - Reporting directly to the board of directors, the ITGSC provided
strategic direction in aligning IT projects to sharehoMer interest and Jong-term targets.

© Whik overseeing the committee the cross-fimctional team guided 12 business units across operations, sakes, and manufacturing.

Additionally, the ITGSC aided in risk management, business continuity, and organizational SOPs.
NatJan Solutions (Facility Management - Retail, Medical, Grocery Sectors.

Information Technology and Analytics Manager , 01/2014 to 01/2017

Impkmented process within external ERP portal to monetize 1000's of vendors to generate Iean revenue based on financial and operational
Chin isa ice

CEM MS ho ucle ketene RSIS RU UE ECB Om Lele R Pec oem i mereli uit
® Created ad-hoc and scheduled BI (PowerBI/SSRS) reports to visualize critical client metrics and reports, intemal performance KPIs,

operational resource planning, asset and revenue forecasting, P/L summaries, expense budgets, ete.

Spearheaded national RFP bids of multi-million-dolir procurement deals with several Fortune 500 retail, medical, and education
companies.

Tasks included sales analysis, margin analysis, multivariable pricing structures, vendor acquisition, developing process flow and establishing
KPI reporting for clientele and internal use.

Designed ad-hoc SQL views, stored proceduresand reports to address company-wide data analysis and modeling,
