SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT OF GLOBAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Executive Profile

High-energy results oriented Chief Information Officer offering global professional experience in managing complex information technology
environments and cross-cultural teams while effectively aligning and supporting key company initiatives.

Skill Highlights
Pasir oem sine * Project and Program Mamgerent
© Results-Oriented © Change Implementation
© SelfMotivated © Team Leadership
* Customer-Oriented © Time and Resources Optimization

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
Project Management: A

© Managed cross-fimctional teams on large impkerrentations and development projects through out full cycks of system development and
Impknentation methodologies.

A
ere eM a nee

© Developed successfill implementation and migration project plans, providing and controlling detailed work-plans, data conversion and
integration strategies, and production cutover & contingency plans.

Solutions Modeling: A

* Performed business requirements gathering, gap/fit analysis, solution designs, development and deployment of application solutions.

Vea PRS CaKoe

© Designed and implemented cutting-edge 24/7 technology infrastructure solutions, providing faitover architecture and disaster recovery
fo) a1

Pe iveme Ai fearenoae

© Delivered all assigned projects on time and within budget, realizing significant improverrent of processing efficiency through in-depth
performance analysis and process change.

Fie aE aN

© Conducted periodic risk assessments and mitigated risk by preparing and executing comprehensive testing strategies, which included
complex business scenarios, and systematic stressed testing.

Customer Relations: A
© Develop and maintain all accounts referenceabk, providing mutually beneficial partnerships between employers and customers.

Professional Experience
Senior Vice President of Global Information Technology 06/2004 to Current Company Nam City , State

Responsible for all aspects of Information Technology globally with a staff of 70 employees world wide.

* During my first year tenure, eliminated high dependency on consulting firm supporting an ERP system globally by developing, hiring and
mentoring adequate IT staffresulting in the creation of self-sufficiency and the generation of about of $2.5 million dollars savings per year.

* As one of the key members of the M&A team, planned, and delivered successfillly in all of the acquisitions executed by the company,
enabling the realization of anticipated benefits through the migration of systems and integration of technology.
