SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
Executive Summary

Results-focused Information Technology management professional offering Twenty-Two years of progressive kadership experience. Transforms
ols eeont Aen enekeneinenia com Re de sinialscec UNE ana la centele ob aubiiareslen kunci ora kr succce
Accomplished Manager with extensive experience in front-of-house and back-oF house operations. Proven ability to cut costs and decrease staff
tumover. Cultivates a company culture in which staff members feel comfortable voicing questions and concems, as well as contributing new ideas
that drive company growth by challenging others beyond just doing the work, but, to bring creativity, ownership and pride i the work we do.

Core Qualifications
© Operations management
Staff development
Oieeminstesynarpens
OS ecto iecobayLaend
NThecars epee gr cstanicd
Sound judgment
Lor ceo Naa
Calm under pressure
(Xen oso imeaike ned

erect bsnmaranesd
Senior Information Technology Manager Jan 2000 to Jan 2016
(Ooi etna Neinea ROLES

¢ Program Manager that drove and finalized a major project initiative consisting of migrating 13,000 Exchange On-Premise mil
users/accounts to cloud based services (Office 365) Program Manager responsible for implementation and management of systems that
allow Asset/Lease Reporting, Enterprise Backup, Patch Managerrent and Application Distribution to over 10,000 PC's globally utilzing

Co orem ikroc Reve bem

IT Lead rok and stakehoker in reducing our global Data Center Footprint from Twenty-Three to Two Data Centers in North America and
One Communications Hub in each global Region Long term expertise in Deployment and Managerrent of Microsoft Products globally,
including, Server, Desktop, Office 365, (Mail, Skype, Active Directory and Federated Services) SQL and System Center
Management/Deployment products.

© Well versed in Disaster Recovery utilizmg multiple Data Centers and Storage Arrays.

Managed team of [number] of professionals.Reduced and controlled expenses by [actions]. Defined strategy and business plan for [business
area]. Directed strategic initiatives to achieve [organizational objective].

Senior Information Systems Professional Jan 1996 to Jan 1999
(OO HTN ben LOL NMS!

© Developed long and short-term technology Server and Storage plans, formulated policies and procedures, and provided technology
presentations to diverse groups of internal customers.

© Worked chsely with Washington State Agencies in regards to sharing healthcare data and trusted networks Supervised team of technicians
in deployment and support of network and technology infrastructure.

¢ Significant design and execution of Directory based services, related servers and business systems Designed and monitored server and
storage systems, implemented fault tolerance and redundancy.

Network Support Engineer Jan 1995 to Jan 1996
(On ota Nina ROL NaI

© Provided support for NT, Netware, Macintosh, Cisco, 3Com, and Bay networks.

¢ Clients included mid-size to lange Enterprise Seattle-area corporations.

© Installations, upgrades, repairs, configuration, and troubleshooting on multiple platforms and infrastructures.
© Oversaw network systems, and implemented firewall and other network security fimctions.

Senior Technician Jan 1993 to Jan 1995
(Ooi aN pea RO Ng

¢ End of the line hardware and software support.
© Responsible for troubleshooting, identifying, and resolving end user hardware and application issues.
¢ Trained and provided technical direction to junior technicians.

Education
Bachelor of Science , Industrial Technology East Carolina University 1% City, State, USA

Industrial TechnologyCoursework in [Course Name]
