INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST INFORMATION SECURITY OFFICER

Profile
bhh, bhh
Core Qualifications
© UNIX/LINUX
* Oracle Certified Professional (OCP), versions 8.0, 8i, 91, 10g, 11g © Strong collaborative skills
© Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) (SC)2_ «Patch management
© Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) ISACA © Database servers

Professional Experience
Information Technology Specialist Information Security Officer
October 2010 to July 2015 Company Name iA City , State

Installing and configuring Oracle software versions 10g-12c.

Scripting maintenance and monitoring tools.

Creating Risk Assessment template based on NIST 800-30R1 to facilitate and evaluate secure software development practice.

Building autormated database risk/security models for quantifying degrees of database risk and enabling the standardization and prioritization
erat (Lente Kons

Managing/mentoring support staff and participating in24X7 production support and security monitoring rotation for large scale, mission
critical applications.

Developing, implementing and supporting enterprise backup and recovery, change control, security and audit procedures.

Performing database, server and application performance and security monitoring and tuning,

Impkmenting vendor and customized database auditing and analysis packages.

Develop pattem recognition triggers for Anti-Money laundering systems.

A lecuieze oA UR@o morons CRG rucn ies )becllen nin Recldlncckcd alae NLMas i wLeRee ive) eir een eleLenauleben
regulations and corporate policies.

Designing and implementing least-privilege database administration model and application development templates.

¢ Providing support and guidance for the modeling, development and testing of enterprise applications to ensure that applications are secure,

highly available and filly meet the needs of our end user communities.

Develop ITS Enterprise Database installation, configuration, monitoring and security standards and procedures.

SPURS om BS PCR eHLUIcICORs NCCUr USA cis Ocal Amen Een mul mien niemaceTi@lslanaerane (bie) ecole ices
administration.

Create and configure security templates for Oracle Enterprise Manager.

Act as bureau security liaison and represented database security at conferences and meetings.

Develop and implement database security policies and procedures.

Create comprehensive and cross-referenced database security benchmark utilizing the CIS Oracle Security Benchnurk, NIST and DoD.
Managed IBM engagement for Guardium from proof of concept to procurement.

Provide remediation roadmmp for database and application security issues.

Urania aceon e ence ance Nata ea CEIMI ees WT Lemereenersie ec Rey aunelanicty eLinoe

Replace manual terminal service audit reports with secure self-service, repeatable and audited process using PL/SQL and COGNOS.

Ae ies (and
April 2002 to Septerrber 2010 Company Name 14 City , State

Perform database penetration testing and regular server and database scanning for security vulnerabilities and compromised passwords.
Technical lead for database consolidation, backup software replacerrent, PeopleSoft upgrade and Anti-Money Laundering projects.
Responsible for operational aspects of Oracle database administration activities including capacity planning, installation and configuration of
the Oracle RDBMS, Grid Control and ASM software, patches and supporting products, backup & recovery, database tuning, monitoring
and troubleshooting utilizing TKPROF, OEM, STATSPACK, DBArtisan, Tivoli and custom SQL, PL/SQL and UNIX shell scripts.

Plan and manage mutti-location disaster recovery exercises.

® Provide operational 24X7 support ofall corporate Oracle systems (341 databases, 65 servers, 5 versions of Oracle and 5 operating

Eyscaets)B

Developed and implemented procedures that reduced in-house database probkm tickets by 60%, job failures by 80% and on-call support
ied aU

Created enterprise wide capacity planning, troubleshooting and performance monitoring models.

© Coordinated and supported application development, testing and performance improvement efforts including data model revisions, SQL

aur emacoraseniiulictceice
Instituted a series of workshops, classes and training programs for developers to expand their knowledge and understanding of SQL,
Olco en eRenlomccaniia

© This group is now self-sufficient.
© Performed block-level data recovery that Oracle Corporation said was not possibk, saving critical business data and minimizing impact to

business fimetions.

Database Manager
