INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALYST

Summary

To pursue a caring and creative career, where I can apply my existing knowledge, acquire new skills and contribute effectively to this nation's
future, our chidren. Having prior experience in IT fick, exploring the field to be with children lead to do the Early Chikdhood Education course and
be the part of the little bud's life.

Skills

appk, Art, book, Oral, concept, conflict resolution, CPR, creativity, Designing, direction, Documentation, First Aid, Flash, fimdraising, drawing,
instruction, Materials, meetings, organizing, philosophy, express, Read, Recording, Safety, sound, teacher, Teaching, Transportation

schivor anes

ORL Ee 8

Information Technology Analyst Company Name

© I believe that each child has their own potential and interests and curiosity in kaming,

© Designing an organized classroom setup, positive and welcoming, caring and secured, safe-risk taking, there based, and discussions on
their interests during class meetings would create warm atmosphere and environment to grow in every domain of developrent socially,
emotionally, physically, and intellectually.

© I believe the teacher needs to be a supportive person as well as a guide in providing the information, and plans for hands on activities with

tools and mterials that help them for self discovery and understand the lesson in curriculum.

Letting kids be kids and have freedom to express their own thoughts and creativity and valuing them

My personal goal for my future chssroom is to grow their potential and interests in their own pace without pressurizing with targets.

Students should be given information on where to find the answers and given the opportunity to explore the solution rather than giving the

direct answers, this gives the space for exploration and creativity.

T would have the strong idea on having the curriculum inclusive ofeach child's needs and interests.

Curriculum plan involving group work, which is the key for the student led jobs, and direction to help others, teach respect for others and

Naeem

Motivation and stimulation are the factors that pull out the full potential of the child.

Recording their interests and motivated ideas of every student periodically, and sharing with the parents and caregivers to engage the

oiiehonn

© Giving the base line of the activity and watching them on how they expand and give new dimension for more than we thought which is a

puvei@ (oct

Giving the ownership to the chikren yields mutual trust, support, and love between teacher and child.

Developing trust, love and respect for themselves and others help avoid bullying and hurtful words/actions.

Make the point that, every child should be treated consistent, equal, fair and approachabk.

Giving them the time and space to explore along with spending valuable time with them promotes the emotional development as they spend

more time in school than any other place.

© I believe in the quote 'A strong body makes the mind strong and strong mind makes a body strong’, I would encourage more of the outdoor

Bren LeRUniical borane aca wed Lea

I feel interaction among peers, conflict resolution, tum taking, creativity, helping others, teaching love and respect can be achieved more in

outdoor group activities.

© Ahealthy meal phan are one min criteria in making sure they have a balanced diet every meal they eat, lots of fruits and vegetables, dairy

seCMEsT De ccCESOS LEI TOD CRS Lit

I would be compassionate, dedicated, and continue eam and strive to give the best part to my children as a fiture teacher.

I understand teaching involves regulations, restrictions, and responsibilities, as with any other job but this comes with the package of

cherishing moments, excitement, joy of being with the imocent and laughing children.

© Enjoy students and everything they do and accept themas they are, that would be the best gift we give the children who come to schoo!
keaving the parents.

* My philosophy may grow in the future with experience and continued kaming and welcoming the ideas and knowledge from work place.

01/2010 to 08/2010

Technology Analyst Company Name
NAO RRL :3

Software Engineer Company Name
07/2004 to 10/2006

Project Engineer Company Name

© Tamattaching hereby the Conduct Certificate and Experience Certificate fom previous organization.

© [have been volunteering with my nine year old and five year old chikdren classrooms for book fair, PTO member, organizing team events
like fimdraising, traditional events, patriotic events, field trip chaperones in both public and private schools.

Ere eneuete Keene cw aCe Ol Meee leh om

T am doing Early Chikdhood Education course to pursue the career in education field towards associate teacher degree especially with
chikiren of ages 3 to 5 and special needs.

* Artifacts: As part of Early Childhood Education journey, program observation, children observation of infints/toddlers, school age children
helped us to know the curriculum, children needs, interests and expectations as a fiture teacher.

I amattaching hereby the program observation, anecdotal/running record report assignments as part of the ECE courses.

Curriculum Plan TITLE: Modes of Transportation, Art and Play activities, teach the class on sounds, different vehicles, and shapes.
CHILDREN: Age group of 3-5 years, Group activity, ACTIVITY: Group: Red Light, Green Light, Yellow Light; Making Airplane using
