INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Summary

© Recent graduate secking opportunity in hardware and software support. Highly poised and dedicated with strong education and training in
supporting computer issues.

* Systematic IT professional proficient in network, project and emergency management. Able to install hardware, patch software and
configure internal systerrs. Complex problenr solver with top-notch planning and communication strengths.

© Resourcefil team phyer and fast leamer seeking to leverage background into a database administrator role with a progressive organization.

alg

* Hardware updates © Task estimation
© Process improvement impkrentation « GUl and tools
© Permissions management © Knowledge of streaming video phtforms
CEH iclea waicecttusmecie bcc! © Timeline mangement
© Excellent probkm solving skills Cee eriterlenauni’
CeO) rorlunuryaattss © Windows operating systems
schivor anes

Information Technology Specialist , 02/2019 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Coordinated installation of Microsoft software systems and collaborated with user experience team on design and impkmentation ofnew
features

© Kept hardware and software systems current with latest patches and current licenses

© Provided on-site technical support after project implementation and recommended product changes and upgrades to product managers

* Trained new employees on support processes, procedures and knowledge base

¢ Mentored other technical engineers and support professionals to provide professional development and skill enhancement

© Researched, documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to resolve issues using available resources

Shift Leader , 11/2016 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Assigned daily tasks to employees and monitored activity and task compktion.

Diligently restocked work stations and display cases.

Routinely moved and stocked food products weighing up to 40 pounds.

ero nrecelfnecico buses sitet anncl oman ReRiinaaiiney

Strictly followed all cash, security, inventory and labor policies and procedures.

Maintained ckan and safe environment, including in the kitchen, bathrooms, building exterior, parking lot, dumpster and sidewalk.
Stored food in designated containers and storage areas to prevent spoilage or cross-contamination.

Reported to all shifis wearing a neat, clean and unwrinkled uniform

Handkd currency and credit transactions quickly and accurately.

* Followed food safety procedures according to company policies and health and sanitation regulations.

Customer Service Representative , 04/2017 to 09/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Contacted customer to follow up on purchases, suggest new merchandise and inform them about promotions and upcoming events.
© Operated a POS system to itemize and compkte an average of 50 customer purchases.
© Routinely answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing,

Oc ME NOAA ORUALN

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Education and Training

GED Fremont Adult & Continuing Education - City, State
Information Technology , 2019

Unitek College - Fremont - City , State

als

Hardware updates

Process improvement implementation
Permissions management

Software licenses and patches
Excellent probkm solving skills
O}rartunury atts

Task estimation
¢ GUI and tool
