INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AUDITOR

alg

PeopkeSoft HCM 8.8/9.x, PeopleSoft Financials 8.8/9.x, PeopleTools 8.51/ 8.54, SQL Developer, MS Office, Visio, MS Project, Dell Stat
5.6/5.7, SQL Developer, Application Designer, Putty, SharePoint, HP Application Lifecycke Management, Oracle Enterprise Manager, STAT
Admin, TOAD, Service Now, Remedy, Heat, Oracle E-Business, Asset Suite 8.

schivor anes

10/2016 to Current

Information Technology Auditor Company Name iA City , State

Participate in the annual risk assessment and audit planning process covering IT, financial, operational, and contract areas.

Assist with IT audits and reviews including user access, database and service configurations, security, and policy and procedural
compliance.

Perform IT project pre and post audit assessments.

ltd eniomteara a iem lace Une heCcenatce

Assist with IT portion of annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting (Sarbanes Oxley - SOX).

re hele eccecHeMmMenie Rial Min eul meen i coisa ele eciinlecm guniae decile OBeBrsicconereekellos
management, and collaboration with our external financial IT auditors.

Consult on IT matters within non-IT focused audits and reviews performed intemal audit.

Assist and consult with IT management on upgrades, implementations, and action plans resulting fom various audits and assessments.
Assists and provides support to others auditing the Association as needed.

Train and educate members of the internal audit team and other personnel on IT audit methods and emerging IT risks.

(Keech eee ener ome temccuradk bcc muses) iene oe helce

Adhere to company policies, programs and procedures as well as Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP), Wester Electricity Coordinating
Council (WECC), Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), North American Ekctric Reliability Corporation (NERC), and
Midwest Reliability Organization (MIRO) standards and Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) hws and regulations.

04/2015 to 10/2016
PeopkeSoft Security Administrator III Company Name 1 City , State

Work closely with the internal and external audit departrent to provide reports and documentation for compliance.

Perform user access recertification, operational audits, quarterly performance assessments for Segregation of Duty /SOX controls by
compiling and distributing monthly and quarterly user access reports.

Provide fimetional expertise and guidance to developers for technical solutions in moduks of PeopleSoft Core Financial, and other
applications.

Provision user security for PeopkeSoft Financials.

Ensure that appropriate roles, permission lists, and row level security exists for all fictional areas.

Create new business process flows and fimctional designs for Enterprise Leaming Management requirerrents.

Work with the business owners, data owners, end users, and external auditors on fit gap analysis and remediation for process requirements,
improvennts, and recommend best practice solutions.

Determine the risks associated with the access and highlight any risks to management.

Obtain report approval from business units and data owners of financial systems for review and user access validation.

Perform data migrations across multiple environments using Dell Stat 5.6/5.7.

Streamline and close the gaps of the employee onboarding and termination process.

Analyze, monitor, and troubleshoot business processes of systems that interface with PeopleSoft Financials.

Create, analyze and monitor access including creation, deletion and modification of access.

Coordinate and manage application release processes with various tears.

Interact with different teams of project managers, developers, quality engineers, peers, and other team members from integration tears.

07/2014 to 04/2015
Sr. Application Systems Analyst Company Name i'4 City , State

Worked with business owner to gather and document business requirements and business processes.

Created and configured Work centers, Dashboards, and Interaction Hubs for HCM,and Financials using PeopkeSoft 9.2 PeopleTools
framework.

Provisioned user security and fimctional support for PeopleSoft HR, PS Financials, PS Campus Solutions, and Workday HCM.
Ensure that appropriate roles, permission lists, and row level security exist for all fimctional areas.

Mapped security parameters for PeopleSoft 9.1 to 9.2 upgrade.

Worked with third party vendors to implement solution.

Created and maintained documentation of application support and technical environments.

Performed data ckanup and validation of security roles and permission lists.

Performed user security role recertification to ensure SOX and Data Privacy assessivents.

Prepared applications for Identity Access Management.

Identified and resolved application issues effectively and ina timely manner.

Provided advanced technical application support and troubleshooting.

Performed service request changes and assigned work accurately and efficiently.

Supported remote users using Citrix Remote Desktop, Microsoft Lyncs.
