INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDENT

Career Overview

Results-driven Database Administrator with extensive education in programming, relational database managerrent and computer technology
esti cesthaem

Qualifications

© Database servers Casitceieeee)lsleeresiiees ec)
© Structured query language (SQL) expert «Strong analytical skills
© Programming and design skills * Customer needs assessment
© Document management * Excellent problem solving skills
Technical Skills
- ae wre eta
SII IT eoetaay ae ae
Ni Unix, Linux, Mac OSX, VMWare, HTTP/Apache, DNS/BIND, SSH, SNMP, DNS, DHCP, ee May 2016

Accomplishments
Customer Service

© Handkd customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to
Prakiticenai LaLa

Pee P eK uUR ON

* Prepared chain of custody packets for title sale reviews of procedures and fees/services justification.
SPREE
© Performed administration tasks such as filing, developing spreadsheets, faxing reports, photocopying collateral and scanning
documents for inter-departmental use.
© Reporting
CR CWIGhLesRInics ie eH ORT Oh cba Lerenm@IBPOGKicemnereriee melange cece
* Application Design
© Used object-oriented design/programming to design new stand-alone application.
Bi

Planned, installed, configured, and monitored document management infrastructure.

Coordinated scheduled software and hardware patches, upgrades, and enhancerrents to platforms. Collaborated with IT teams to design and
impkerment continuous process improverrents to prevent production application incidents.

Aug oanan at acs

Company Name January 2014 to Current INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STUDENT

lena El CG

4€¢Presented various projects includingA VPN, RDMS, and IT Proposals A to several classes and instructors .
&€¢Worked independently and as part ofa team to achieve most equitable outcome.

Company Name September 2010 to October 2013 FORECLOSURE PROCESSOR PARALEGAL,

lena El CG

4€¢Diligently reviewed the specialty loan portfolio for compliance with all reporting requirerrents.

4€¢Communicated regularly with management regarding portfolio performance and new Ioan transaction quality.
&€¢Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

&€¢Scanned and filed forms, reports, correspondence and receipts.

4€¢Entered information into computer databases.

&€¢Reviewed files to check for complete and accurate informtion.

4€¢Examined Deeds of Trust to determine the grantor, grantee, trustee and loan amount.

Flo AMeeshesl et Mle Uive Regence oe LNb etc neearr enon kneharanm acct Lele

4€¢Researched bankruptcy loan files to confirm federal guideline compliance.

&€¢Supported a team of three attomeys with generating and filing of pkeadings, motions and various court documents.
ae

Company Name February 2008 to May 2008 TOEFL/TESL INSTRUCTOR

lena El CG

4€¢Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

&€¢Developed and implemented interesting and interactive leaming mediums to increase student understanding of course materials.
4€¢Performed student background reviews to develop tailored lessons based on student needs.

&€¢Developed, administered and corrected tests and quizzes ina timely manner.

&€¢Combined discipline plan with effective measures and various lesson plans to increase concentration, participation, and progress student
accountability.

&€¢Designed Iesson plans focused on age and leveLappropriate material.

Education and Training

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 2006 Bachelor of Arts : English City , State , United States
