INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (INTERNSHIP)

Summary

MBA graduate specialized at a Business Management of the industries institution which crosses the fields such as healthcare, and IT to compare
the optimal practices between the major players. To obtain an analyst position, utilize professional Skill and Knowledge in business. Preferably in
elistiveccrlesl va

Skills

Language: Chinese, English and Japanese

Professional Skills:

© Microsoft Office, Excel, Power Point, Word, Outlook, SQL,

CMP Oana gsc Mure eto lincrncCorm 4

SM BRU

© Others: PHP, Java, C#, Visual Basic, HTML, Cording, Programming, Customer relationship management (CRM) ERP System, RFID, E-
Commerce, Ekctronic Product Code (EPC) Financial Accounting, Human Resources, (HR) Business Marketing, International Trade
(Import and Export) App Development SEM, analysis, QMS Statistics, Healthcare.

2
schivor anes

July 2014 to September 2014

Company Name City , State Information Technology (Internship)

Examined problems between users and systems.

Worked at different stations of hospital, includingER, Registration, Pharmacy, Central Sterile Supplies Department (CSSD), and Medical Supplies
Slice eet

September 2013 to December 2015

Oo ANE LO MEO CE SCL COP Ag

Worked with Tourism Bureau to publish "Taiwan Hot Spring Voucher’ in order to promote Taiwan.
Corer et RL El noe. eB oedie @ Drh ccnNrITeRE rentc

Built and designed official website.

May 2012 to January 2015

Company Name City , State Chief Executive Officer

Expand five new business sites, two located at the large- scale department stores in the country
Planned for cultural events, including Simple Life Festival in Taipei and Shanghai China.
Launched limited edition custom dress with bloggers, created record sales. 100 customer dresses were sold out within 4 hours.
Increased saks by 25% in two quarters.

September 2011 to June 2013

Company Name City , State Campus Youth E- Service Volunteer

Planned summer and winter camps for kids who lack educational resources.

Team lead and Recorder

brairestbeny

Pants)

Metropolitan State University

City , State , USA Business Administration and Management

MBA

Master of Business Administration (MBA)A

© International Trade
CO ence eso oa
© Finance and AccountingA

lve WH

vA}

National Taipei University of Nursing and Health Science
City , State , Taiwan Information Management

iota raeme atone

Bachelors of Information Management

© Informtion Technology
¢ ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning)

Reeruited to Top 3 Schools based on Academic AchieverentA

vA}

Global Language Institute
OARS CEOS rio)
PONUSUD Loum B etiulate
