INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST III (DRUPAL DEV)
Summry

Drupal developer with five years of experience in site buikding, and frontend and backend developrrent. Skills in theming, as well. Driven to
provide excellent service and high-quality coding to create secure and fimctional sites for clients. Expert in Drupal and up to date on the latest
developments and versions. Managed several projects for the NYSED Redesign Project using both Drupal 7 and Drupal 8, including full Drupal
deployment services. Earned the respect and the trust from both the NYSED ITS and Program Office Managenents.

Core Qualifications

4€¢ Superior proficiency in high-level Drupal 7 and Drupal 8 Development
a€¢ Excellent proficiency in using Drupal Ajax and jQuery in web development
4€¢ Exceptional knowledge of Drupal prior versions and upgrades

BSB Dor er otec RRC OSLO Sear)

BSA eelMingOm issn le eReoeatin renee (cacy

4€¢ High problem solving and analytical skills

Bedneles) ali

Programming and Scripting Languages: C++, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Python, AJAX

Data-Oriented Languages and Databases: SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle Database, DMS II, PL/SQL, JDBC
Markup and Stylesheet Languages: HTML, HTMLS, XHTML, CSS, and CSS3

Methodologies: UML, Design Pattems

IDE: Orack JDeveloper, Eclipse, BlucJ, jGRASP, Microsoft Visual Studio

Framework & Middleware: Drupal, Apache Struts, Apache, Tomcat

NOT Ura De CARO) vom Orie cB Balnlentobsiontag

Pere ON AL ESL \ MR OD, OE1n <M 8NI DG

Automted Testing Tools: Selenium, Behat

Experience
Information Technology Specialist III (Drupal Dev) / Company Nam - City , State 08/2015 - Current

4€¢ Lead Drupal Developer for the NYSED.GOV redesign project.

a€¢ Completely re-architecting the NYSED.GOV's website and content strategy.

4€¢ Migrating all data, building and configuring the new site, and creating the custom Responsive Drupal theme.

4€¢ Streamlining the authoring experience for content creators and auditors.

4€¢ Designing, coding, architecting and testing various themes, modules and processes to extend Drupal to meet the Department needs.

€¢ Developing the NYSED's Drupat-based websites using HTMLS and CSS3.

Be owe La SOS MME NBWET ey cuceuecinecmuvelhicd ohlncbecel (anaes

a€¢ Analyzing client request to develop, test, and deploy fimctional software requirements.

a€¢ Providing support and assistance to webmusters to publish and update content to the NYSED's websites.

HS aCveiiannee A LRU UNE Cree en CH ARR nceniureice moe rah OBR CS COMP TRG ECE neResr Lone
BTeeBrrstilestinie ep il es cecce a Ce

Bisa oeat teen emcee ulLcvar bcawcus lent iCecm

a€¢ Managing installation and ongoing support of search technologies used on the NYSED websites.

€¢ Providing expert guidance to the NYSED program offices and the webmasters related to the website accessibility standards and compliance.
&€¢ Maintaining the NYSED’s existing websites using the Dreamweaver and the Contribute software.

a€¢ Managing the unit in the absence of my unit supervisor.

a€¢ Providing weekly status reports, statistics and recommendation to the upper management as needed.

Hig AS onritnectece cova eu muare mate UBN CA periawen ene ets trate

4€¢ Documenting Drupal architecture solutions.

Information Technology Specialist II / Company Nant - City , State 09/2013 - 08/2015

4€¢ Developed and maintained IT (systems) written in LINC, COBOL, Java, Struts, PL/SQL, and XML.

BP ence yahoo oat recce nal iLoneck merce ob ecdinesroctte snares rinks Rol cate) «(aK

His ASo lame Ub Ur noi ane ORcCnUalnaim ltnece ycelveccp ice Hipster tice

4€¢ Worked as a member of the application development team to build IT solutions that address the program office needs.

a€¢ Developed and executed test plans, troubleshoot and debug system application code.

Bw CeCe eg yrema nce er yer aNee ern aloe mired Ngee etn nCM Bole wuneeLaranliwmecas (ce te
Festal cos

Intem Application Developer / Company Nan - City , State 01/2013 - 06/2013

Bic oa Genes nest Neem cca cen ehln Lola

4€¢ Developed program logic for new applications, analyzed and modified logic in existing applications
4€¢ Provided technical solutions for any applications issues.

4€¢ Developed software system testing and validation procedures, programming and documentation.
