DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND ANALYTICS
Summary

Accomplished senior manager with over 15 years of experience leading complex projects and managing resources to optimize enterprise
technology and support business objectives. Committed to quality and service excellence with aptitude for launching new technology phtforms.
Subject matter expert in Information Security Risk Management. Excellent communicator adept at identifying business needs and bridging the gap
between fimetional groups and technology to foster targeted and innovative solutions.

BS ania}
© OS/Phtforms: Microsoft Windows Server 2008/2012, Exchange 2010, IIS, Active Directory, DNS
* Networking Cisco LAN/WAN (ASA/switching), TCP/IP, VPN, VoIP, SIP, MPLS, VNC, VLAN Segregation
© Hardware: SAN/FIBER technology, Enterprise Servers, Switches, Routers, Workstations, Laptops, Mobile Devices
(et Mrenctiteoray m
CE Coben ah at oee cue OleOhy |
© Tools: JIRA, Veritas Netbackup, Backup Exec, PCAnywhere, Symantec Antivirus, Ghost, SharePoint, Visio, Microsoft Office Suite

schivor anes
Director of Information Technology and Analytics
REI gala eR Garay scl aN cli cht a OLN mECIT| Ce

Market-kading global credit asset management firm with $4 Billion AUM and over 120 employees worldwide.

© Directed the fins word-wide Information Technology strategy.

© Established and instituted policies, procedures and technology to mitigate corporate security risk and position ZAIS for Sarbanes-Oxley act
compliance.

© Identified process improvement opportunities and recommended solutions and budget requirements to management committee.

* Managed team of 6 resources responsible for technology mamagement and support operations encompassing all aspects of IT infrastructure

including workstations, server plitfons, IP telephony, L3 network infrastructure, network security, disaster recovery, Storage Area

Ice crinimy voueelianat enna

Directed project teams through all lifecycle phases handling technical escalation events.

Evaluated and deployed DLP solution.

Chairman of the firnis cybersecurity committee responsible for advancing the finm's security posture.

Selected Accomplishments Developed and led a technology strategy for the firm that supports strong business alignments, increases

profitability and provides a sound, flexible and reliable foundation for the future.

© Enabled revenue growth by leading the timely deployment of high-performance virtual computing environment to support new models

evel td morc kecaL ee rrana cc tice

Created Incident Response Policies and Procedures rooted firmly on the NIST framework.

Developed and kad breach rehearsal scenarios both for executive roundtabk tests and technical response team practices.

Designed Data Governance and Classification Policies particularly in regards to Personally Identifiable Information (PID.

Evaluated and deployed Data Loss Prevention system (Symantec) and created escalation procedures to comply with the finnis Data

Governance Policy.

Managed all security vendor relationships through the contract negotiation lifecycle and Service Level Agreement reviews.

Developed associates to their fullest potential by providing challenging opportunities that enhanced associate's career growth.

Recruited and developed appropriate talent pool to insure adequate bench strength and succession planning.

Managed logistics, procurement and deployment of IT infrastructure in Dallas, Baton Rouge, Shanghai, Dublin, London, Singapore and

Tokyo locations inclusive of establishing a sustainable model for support.

Established a viabie Disaster Recovery strategy with a physical to virtual solution and liaison with all business units to generate the finris

Business Continuity plan.

Spearheaded the analog to VOIP conversion of ZAIS IPT and video infrastructures (Cisco CUCM environment).

Transformed IT support and organizational interaction practices, fostering strong, collaborative work environment.

whik developing robust help desk systems and processes for improved trouble ticket initiation and visibility.

Led the finrs Cybersecurity enhancement effort by managing the design, implementation and maintenance of the Advanced Threat

Protection system, Next Generation Firewalls and Mobile Computing Security.

Developed the firms Cybersecurity Policy and Incident Response Team firmly rooted on the NIST framework.

© Responded to audit requests from potential and current investors, met with them to discuss finding, and guided them through the due

diligence process.

I ecmeneCronorslebn@uriremettSiatretdhe alee erast(ats

Reported all audits to the executive board.

Fostered a culture of security awareness in the firm by obtaining executive level support for Cybersecurity initiatives and enabling

acceptance of security measures through user education.

Information Technology Manager
January 2002 to January 2005 Company Name i City , State

© Manufacturing firm with over 100 year history and 170 employees.
« Directed hardware and software configuration, installation, troubleshooting, and support activities.
¢ Oversaw administration of network inffastructure, business systems, cabling and circuits, and tekecommunications platforms.
