DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Summary
Tama solutions-oriented professional with solid experience in various IT environments. LEADERSHIP Motivating and managing and a robust
team of internal and remote staff members Establishing and maintaining effective partnerships, through collaboration and informtion technology in
support of the organization. Managing the day-to-day responsibilities ofa 24x7x 365 IT organization prudently. Managing a large IT environment
with ~10,000 SaaS. Assigning clear authority and holding others accountabk: for goal achieverent.
Skills
¢ COMMUNICATION
© Colkborating with clients and fostering a positive business relationship to meet all levels of IT service dermnds (Technical, R&D and
operations and maintenance)
Clearly discussing and conveying Information Technology concepts and terminology with both technical and non-technical staffat all levels
within and outside the Department
Producing ckar and concise written documents, emaik, project status reports and briefS
Communicating effectively with various levels of the organization
Brnaitsie
Making strategic judgments and evaluating the impact
Cloud Environments Design & Implementation
Network Design & Implementation VOIP
Cyber Security (NIST HITRUST/HIPAA)
Project Management
Technical Support Management
Budget Management
Developing and responding to Request for Proposals
Current with Emerging Technologies

schivor anes
Director of Information technology Sep 2005 to Current
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

At Adsystech I am one of three employees that have a key man insurance policy against them.

This in of itself speaks to the trust and value I provide the organization.

I was hired to design, and deploy the first data center the company owned in its efforts to deploy a new offering, an enterprise Software as a
Service (SaaS) product.

* Iwas initially an employee ofan Adsystech customer working with the Adsystech EVP on an enterprise County Wide project and posed
the idea that they should move from 'selling” software to renting’ it via an up and coming model SaaS.

Today, everyone is using SaaS products and paying monthly for various products but in 2004 (when I intially made the proposal) it was an
exciting and new potential market which I leveraged to increase the retums at Adsystech and most importantly, generate new recurring
iret od

© Twas hired in 05’ to put in place all things SaaS, this included designing a data center from the ground up, creating cyber security policies
and controk, putting together a team to support the data center as well as a team to provide technical support for the new product offering,
Asan early adopter, in 2008 I designed and deployed a hybrid cloud environment in our data center.

Again in 08' this was a new technology but my decision demonstrates foresight in emerging technologies and understand in the value of
leveraging technology to become more efficient and financial prudent.

I'mvery proud of the work I've done and Adsystech, below are some key areas in my control: Network Design Monitoring and
Maintenance Cloud Technologies Cyber Security (NITS, CIS, HITRUST/HIPAA) Project Management Technical Support Management
Staff Professional Development RFP Responses.

Information technology Manager Sep 2003 to Sep 2005
Company Name i City , State

City organization responsible for managing +120 Million dollars for support of County Wide Human Service prograrrs.

I was hired as Project Manager and was quickly promoted to the Information Technology Manger.

As PM | identified, evaluated and lead a bi: County steering committee in all technical aspect in an RFP release and selection process.
After promotion I continued to server as the project manager for the 2.5 million dollar system rollout which ranged from gathering the
business requirements for the design and deployment to creating the processes and managing the team to for the roll out to ~2000 users
across Los Angeles County.

In this capacity I managed a project support team including advinistrators, help desk staffand trainers.

As the IT Manager, I supervised network administrators and was responsible for all high level network design and architecture for the
oyealnicalt oe

T evaluated the security risks, ensuring HITECH/HIPAA protocol were followed.

* Below are sone key areas in my control: Network Design and Oversight Project Management Product Training and Support.

Information technology Manager Sep 1998 to Mar 2003
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

¢ At Relax the Back I was responsible for the overall management, inffastructure and strategic planning of our National point of sale network
