INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST GS11

schivor anes

PUR @racans

Information Technology Specialist GS11 Company Name i City , State

Information Technology Specialist; Supervison; Project Management; Circuit Management; Licensed Electrician; Arm management; Alarm
Technician; Training; Supply; Quality Assurance Kevin L.

Trostle, DSN 266-4800, COMM.

865) 336-4800 Manage the assigned IT/communications environment with privileged access at the network level for the Wing,
Geographically Separated Units (GSU), and Tenants.

© Plan, coordinate, install, and continuously analyze system design, hardware and software.

Develop, recommend, and install solutions and upgrades to ensure avaihbility, integrity, efficiency, and reliability of all components of the
Buccal at

Ensure all performed work is captured in the Remedy ticketing system

Manage Tekecommunications and NIPR networks for the Wing, GSU's, and tenant units.

Continually plan, install, and analyze new hardware, software and processes to ensure networks are reliable and efficient.

Serve as a focal point for ensuring fimetionality and operability of the assigned IT/data systerms/fimetions, voice, and wireless systems to
support mission requirements.

Optimize, analyze, manage, and direct installation ofany new hardware or software introduced into the environment to ensure its
compatibility with existing architecture, its reliability, and fimctionality in relation to the organization's business requirements.

Oversee and initiate corrective or preventative measures to rectify immediate problems and prevent fiture occurrences through the CFP.
Troubleshoot and diagnose system failures to isolate source of problens.

Provide customer technical assistance/support for all users.

Provide management with information necessary to address difficultcomplex problems.

Review purchase requests, SOW's ensuring documentation is sufficient to justify enhancements to keep systems current.

Work with the CFP/customers to resolve integration or configuration related issues.

Ensure upgrades to the base IT infrastructure are identified.

Assist customers in developing/submitting recommendations for equipment and finds.

Assist personnel in planning/developing new or additional infrastructure/architecture capabilities.

Coordinate efforts between system customers, support personnel, commercial vendors to identify/resolve system anomalies.

Conduct feasibility studies to identify and analyze system failures and analyzes data to determine if trends exist which forecast the need for
fiiture replacerment or modification of system hardware and software.

As budget constraints dictate, evaluates alternative means of satisfying user requirements and provides management with the most technically
feasible and cost efficient approaches to meet changing needs.

Keep abreast of changes in technology to assist management in preparing for future enhancements.

OU Ee etacas
Cyber Transport/ Client Systems Workcenter Supervisor Company Name i City , State

Kevin L.

Trostle, DSN 266-4800, COMM.

865) 336-4800 Manage Cyber Transport/Client Systems work center personnel.

Set and adjust work priorities, evaluate, and counsel subordinates.

Document training of personnel using Computer based training system (TBA) Sustain and operate systems through effective troubleshooting,
repair, PMI's, system performance testing/analysis.

Systems include network infrastructure equipment, cabling, voice systems, video systems, small computers, and printers Maintain close
working relationship with Commumications Focal Point--production requirements/Remedy tickets.

07/1996 to 07/2000
F-16 Ejection System Technician Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Ronaki Buckman, COMM.

803) 895-1190 Troubleshot, removed, tested, inspected, repaired, modified, and installed explosive and non-explosive components and
assemblies on ejection systems.

Performed preventative maintenance on over ninety different electronically fired explosive devices ensuring proper wiring and termination.
Foreign object danmge monitor, briefed wing commander monthly on findings.

Ran entire supply system ensuring all parts and supplies were readily available.

Hazardous materials monitor.

Explosive inspector.

Ensured proper grounding points were present in shop to prevent electrostatic discharge to explosive components.

Section workgroup manager in charge of maintaining computers and ensured needed software was installed.

Shop computer security monitor.

Trained and supervised personnel.

Quality Assurance Assessor.

Education and Training
