INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Professional Profile

Quality-driven and practical Systems Administrator with [Number] years aligning business systems with business policies and guidelmes. Looking
to bring strong analytical and problem-solving skills to an industry-leading software company.

Qualifications
* CompTIA Security+ CESY0-401
Certified
© Refined system debugging and
5 wen eh * Working knowledge of application servers, J2EE, Oracle, Unix O/S, Linux, LDAP,
aan TPCTSO Database, Service Oriented Architecture and physical architectures, Mainframe, Remedy,
communication and organizational skills ava
* System adminstration * High proficiency level in MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook)

© UNIX system performance monitoring
* Teamphyer and self-starter with the

ability to operate without detailed work
oriccelt oe}

aaa chiesrates

PMO ae neGl) ack au rasreccl) a sibactal el araag@eriaal mca woe wl bol ke gals oemcliaalenacreriiace ued
cause analysis to identify system errors and improve accuracy by 15%, Awarded with the Tech of the quarter for contributions to mission.

schivor anes
Information Technology Specialist Sep 2013 to Dec 2015
Company Name i City , State

5 years of experience in the maintenance and troubleshooting of complex infrastructure.

Provide Help Desk Services first level of troubleshooting to all customers on multiple systems.

Use internally developed maintenance provider plans, procedures and tools to identify, troubleshoot, and diagnose failures and restore
system capability to operations.

Analyze, diagnose and isolate failures to hardware Line-Replaceable units (LRU).

© Directly rephce or coordinate replacement of failed hardware LRU's with the maintenance provider or the vendor.

Collect data describing the environment at the time of the failure to provide root cause analysis is necessary or escalation to the engineering
Fences aeenalam

© Provide required support of engineer maintenance provider Discrepancy Report (DR) investigations and resolution efforts ifnecessary.
© Performnetwork management services to include: Monitoring networks device health and status, monitoring of network performance and

utilization optimization (tuning) tasks.

Perform operating system monitoring, Commercial off the Shelf (COTS) software monitoring, custom software monitoring, resource
memory allocation; modifications to authorized user lists and user profiks; file system maintenance to include (deletion of og files no longer
needed and monitoring of storage space, ensuring backups have completed appropriately, awareness that appropriate system processes are
up and running at all times).

© Support software promotes by performing system reboots, monthly and daily preventive maintenance, process bounces per documentation.

Provide accurate and timely documentation of system problems and request in shift tumover log and assign units tickets in accordance unit
Pa

Analyzed customer and stakeholder needs, generated requirements, perform finctional analysis and implemented Requirements
Managenent Plans.

Made recommendations to improve technical practices.Collected, analyzed, and reported program metrics, including product technical
Esmee ea LeCHIE CE nmmaNeEtibece sci teCCaie

Systems Engineer May 2010 to Sep 2013
Company Name i City , State

© Obtained all mission related certification required for the application services provider, within the 24x7 technical support tier.

Trained current and new team members on existing and new application services procedure and Commercial off the Shelf (COTS)
Sethe

Performed system health analysis to identify, analyze, collect preliminary data, and recommend effective solution to anomnlies.
Coordinated and conducted low-level system testing, problem analysis for servers, desktops and IT infrastructure work.

Analyzed all levels of total system product to include; concept, design, fabrication, test installation, operation, maintenance and disposal.
Performed technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, supportability and efléctive analysis for multiple systems.
Performed fimctional analysis, timeline analysis, detail trade studies, requirements allocation and interface definition studies to translate
customer requirements into hardware and software policies.

Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements are met.

Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.

* Diagnosed UNIX and Windows processing problems and execute appropriate solutions.
