HEAD, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND INFORMATION CENTER.
Executive Profile

€¢Visionary leader of IT organizations during a 20+ year career at Fortune 500 companies.

4€¢As Schering-Plough's first SAP Center of Excellence keader, led business process and technology re-engineering efforts and developed a
uel ESy at oes Om Lekeeeainiral bem

a€¢Noted for business / technology acumen, collaborative style and communication skils.

&€¢Experienced in RFP development and vendor selection.

lcd bre a ene Coca Lene neReo liana nyu pene ialinics

Boao Mosaic siTecmeelrieibentnescetocmnaneinsielmnanenge ey aenllimeisuanteeReyllraltety
Professional Experience

Head, Information Technology and Information Center

March 2015 Company Name - City, State

¢ Provide kadership and direction to the GMS Information Center - a colkection of data scientists and analysts dedicated to the production of
high-value analytics to support manufacturing,

Director, Supply Chain and Logistics Information Technology
October 2010 to March 2015 Company Name - City, State

Cy

Established supply chain technology direction for global manufacturing organization.

¢ Established the GMS Informtion Center - an organization dedicated to providing advanced analytical capabilities to support the
Prstiliintaiineceyuselcal hee

Delivered key transformational projects including: Demand Planning Solution (SAP APO) Supply Plamning and Sales and Operations
Planning (Kinaxis RapidResponse) Inventory Optimization (Kimaxis RapidResponse) Provide kadership and direction to delivery and
Peer alie ote out bated slo) (Que

Cee rd sinccp ue nueccniecel orcas eeUlsipccrineere)neia OM icincce ie easti tame naice

Cah oe icc kee ye nenminke cut beed@le si bree kOlnerioiceetusncd

Senior Director, COMET Program
November 2009 to October 2010 Company Name - City , State

 Responsibk for managing the delivery efforts for the global COMET program, focusing on the procurement, employee expense
management and eSourcing areas,
© Directed ongoing rollouts in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific regions.

Director, SAP Center of Excellence
May 2005 to Noverrber 2009 Company Name - City , State

¢ Responsible for a $1SMM annual budget; 75 FTEs and 30+ offshore (mix of consultants and employees); adept at remote management

with domestic staff in New Jersey, Tennessee, Delaware and international staffin Europe and Singapore.

Reduced compensation costs by nearly $1MM through offshore utilization; Retooked kegacy JDE persomel for inclusion on the SAP ERP

team

Led deployment of centerpiece SAP solution for the US Phanmceutical Business and key solutions for Asia Pacific, Europe and South

rare

© Led upgrade effort for APO solution for healthcare products segment of business.

¢ Led the effort to design, solution and deploy a global SAP template for Schering-Plough; Solution will reduce current footprint down to a
Rie oR ialL ak Rsv

CEP testo ctiion mien commune Om ONrneP Ny AGkuorrsielteyscrlt ice

Overall responsibility for leadership development through the Management Readiness Program

© Managed the Project Manager Capability Review Program.

J

Diam AO Munson
January 2002 to May 2005 Company Nanr - City , State

See Coles cee Ne OM AONE @ur cma tyncriecky aera wane
¢ Solution included key Order to Cash fimctionality and Warehouse Management for US Pharmaceutical distribution channels.
© Provided consultative support to projects being executed in Belgium (APO) and Singapore (2/3).

WW atiyco meee eles eles CBee An
April 1998 to January 2002 Company Nam - City , State

¢ Leda teamofdevelopers implementing web-based solutions for support of Schering - Plough's field forces in the United States.
