TRAINING MANAGER
extcot bs errand

Qualified Training Manager offering a record of successfill job performance with proven probkem solving ability and experience developing and
impkrrenting innovative solutions. Experienced Leadership and Development Professional with over 10 years' experience in various Training
environments. Intermediate/Expert level in all MS applications. Strong Training, Managerrent, Leaming/Developrrent, Administrative and
Consultative skills. Client, organizational and task oriented problem solver with the ability to rapidly adapt to new situations.

Core Qualifications

CEM Gcluinentnse Dance yieasd © Military & Civilian Training

¢ Supervision and training CM atow sea cols icubeyy

© Policy/program development ¢ Operations management

Ce CatictM intitle irtead @K) © Cross-fimctional team management

¢ Managenent ofremote employees Training manual contributor

Ctr ante Dene yeas PEO: Kecnawusisinanaidotnaratesd

© Talent development PGi ousccwnediucdiiucicneosnatice
ielecpenbomaranecd

Company Name City , State Training Manager 08/2011 to 09/2015

Creating and implementing traming programs and overseeing the development of careers.

Set performance metrics, evaluate productivity, and help workers create long-term career plans within an organization.
Develop, impknent, and monitor training programs within an organization.

Supervise technical traming for stafE

(eraremee auitben tres ote

(Oem cshina orl Reem ince ced PL ecr ne Be tecanelcelice

Create testing and evaluation processes.

Evaluate needs of company and plan training programs accordingly.

[Onelrasacvenisdnekeaclital boise

yo creacO ee o Ic M ae hed ee iclinim noc unemeen cra cecmeTr RNOLD ey a

Manage staffof70 chssroom facilitators in multiple locations.

(Xrereaeontnbuneedeetuentecnitied

Provide kadership development education.

Provide logistical support, course development, delivery, evaluation, process measurements, and cost management.
Phan the implementation and facilitation of activities and events, budget spending, material production and distribution, and other resources to
CituR ae oreo em liaueCmuulnmtelne snc @ be LCie

Company Name City , State Owner/Partner Defense Contractor 10/2006 to 07/2011

BYR co ue nulane caine

Supervised, and trained employees for high level security Military Intelligence operations, recruited quality personnel for special assignnents,
conducted high level briefings and debriefing for various security level investigations at Federal locations to Military, civilian and
euros prae Lom

Developed business plans, budgets, cost proposals, task schedules, cost analysis and projections; issued status/quality control plans and
soe

Developed specific scenarios and created specific characters per U.S.Military specifications adhering to strict government guidelines.
Provided experienced instructors/roke players who educate and assist Military and civilian personnel prior to deployment.

Created comprehensive lesson plans to instruct Military and civilian personnel.

Pld ouccu oa Berouci amino ecanlied tdconn ue tLore cXe albea Once RSnCRLO CLL Le

Company Name City , State Program Administrator II, Project Manager. Training Specialist II: US Army (CISAC) 01/2004 to 09/2006

Consultant and liaison to the Department of Interior (DOI) and Department of Defense (DOD) to effectively modemize inventory/
cataloging processes for sensitive and classified files, material and property.

© Single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.
© Capture Manager: Contract Acquisition: Procure, write and implement new and existing Request for Purchase/Quotes opportunities

RFP/RFQ)

MON esucnbato menace ast ON AOKe Seri tle mca irel Siem Obra hos cui byouneisuralely
practical exercises, demonstrations, automated presentations, test administration, test reviews.

Retest-Retrain Team Consultant to DA Branch Chief of 35L/97B Intelligence School.

Assigned to retrain and coach Officers, Soldiers and Instructors who needed additional training to perform to their fill potential as

CeO nanePALCGe

Rok Pkyer.
