INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Summary

Over twelve years of experience providing high quality consulting and technical assistance to home and business end users. As a field service
technician since late 2004, I am abke to install, repair and maintain many types of Point of Sale register equipment as well as servers, networking
and related peripherals.

With an ability to integrate computer skills, customer support experience and related education I thrive to exceed technical, business, and customer
expectations. A long time hobby of mine is demonstrating electronics in retail stores. I really enjoy in-store demonstrations, direct sales and training
sessions with employees.

Continuing to improve myselfis very important to me. I fel being professionally certified by CompTIA, Lexmark, Hewlett Packard, Microsoft,
Fujitsu, ICA, the ETA, FEMA and other bodies allows me to think outside the box and create a custom solution that best fits the client's needs.

Highlights
© Exceptional telephone etiquette * Technical help desk experience
® Vast technical knowledge ¢ Database servers
© Troubleshooting proficiency * Excellent problem solving skills
© DHCP/DNS Ethemet and Firewall proficient + * Microsoft Office Specialist
Deen UW eee coe © Drive duplication and inaging knowledge
« Accomplished with mobile devices Cena ae biel ec vesting

Accomplishments

Wit) acdc eoleCe Om Ong rose @er anim medwecr Ober ke cars onemclisila Le Ona Ke cum en acini
Help Desk tickets by almost 100%

Aug oanan at acs
Information Technology Specialist 02/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

* Service and maintain numerous makes, models and types of equipment, including client servers, workstations, laptops and peripherals.

© Install and naintam CCTV-DVR Camera systems, Servers, network racks/patch panels, VoIP, BDR data recovery systems of which I am
familiar with StorageCraft, Datto, VEEAM and Intronis, and business class cloud backup solutions.

* Offer business assessments ranging from DLP best practices to Wired / Wireless Network Infrastructure Audits to FINRA/HIPPA/PCI
Compliance audit and testing.

© Currently provide support for more than 480 Windows based devices and 44 Windows/VMiwware servers.

TT Systems Administrator 09/2008 to 05/2012 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for all maintenance on 55 Windows variant based workstations, Dell Precision server, IBM xSeries Blade server, the
telephony/VOIP/POTS systems, T1/network troubleshooting in a multi- building environment as well as providing end user assistance and
training to sales, service and management tears.

Manage Windows Server 2003 with Active Directory and policies.

Maintain AutoBase CRM database and Reynokls & Reynolds Repair Order writing system

Maintained a WiFi network for the technicians to use Toyota Technical Services.

Performed all preventative maintenance on laser and dot matrix printers.

Responsible to coordinate, purchase and install all new technology and assist outside vendors with technology related needs.

T assisted the Used Car Manager with taking photographs and uploading to website & overlay of informtion on photos.

Field Service Technician II 12/2009 to 10/2011 Company Nan City, State

© Perform field service work on IBM servers, IBM/Lenovo desktops and IBM Point-of-Sale POS) equipment as well as repair Lexmark
monochrome and color laser printers.

© Responsible for repairs and diagnosis on other brands such as Linksys, Syrbol, Nortel, Baystack, Zebra, Datalogic, Kronos, HP, IVR.
Systems & Ateb Rx.

© Responsibke to install and troubleshoot networking equipment ranging from wired switches to wireless access points,setup &

troubkeshoot/repair IBM pSeries RS/6000 servers and peripherals.

Break/Fix technician, no escalation.

Responsible for company vehicle, maintenance scheduling, RMA returns, numerous SLA contracts and fill van inventory.

24/7 Orecall position with ovemight priority calls.

I was the territory Senior Teclmician and successfillly tramed a new employee.

Kodak Imaging Expert / Field Marketing Specialist 03/2006 to 12/2009 Company Name City , State

. or re oars o . os ry o rn . Par n
