CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Recognized for being able to promote exceptional results and productivity from a team of individuab. Six years experience within Contact Center
Operations, supervised teams of 20 up to 100 employees. Extensive experience within the Contact Center Operations enviromment, including daily
communications with all evels of leadership supervisor, management. Recognized for ability to multitask and excel at any task assigned, analytical
and organizational skills.
Skills

© Microsoft Office
Acei'g
Siebel
RTA
rN
O}artunebsyaartsy
Vista
Asad
Windows 8
Windows 10

schivor anes
08/2015 to Current
OTe maar ccm oscar nin Ou ena Nhe O IMM

© Handed large call volume while being able to multi task and provide accurate information to the consumers while maintaining a high level of
Fealin mel acc ay com

© Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, comphints, or comments, as well as actions taken.

© Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts,
or obtain details of comphints.

© Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for firther investigation.
* Complete contract forms, prepare change of address records, or issue service discontinuance orders, using computers.

09/2014 to 07/2015
Customer Service Supervisor Company Name 1% City , State

© Provides supervision and leadership to a team of 20 to 60 customer service representatives and through the various communication channels
within operations (telephone, e- nnil, written correspondence, and web-chat).

* Met contract specific goals/objectives as required Extensive experience with the Healthcare Marketplace Supervise, develop, and coach
CSRs to assure productivity, quality, attendance, and timeliness of work in the completion of assigned projects and departmental goals
Maintain daily reports regarding adherence, service level, and staffed hours to assure CSR's and team are meeting contract and department
goals Assume leadership responsibility for foor management (including agent placement), department tasks, and contact center incentives
Work closely as a team with CSR's, other supervisors, customer service managers, and senior site managers within operational areas of the
contact center Complete and deliver employee performance appraisals on a monthly and yearly basis and corrective actions as needed
Interviewed and hired qualified candidates for CCO customer service representative as well as performed substantial portion of recruitment
for new hire employees (including advertising and job fairs) General Dynamics Information Technology.

10/2013 to 09/2014
OTe maar ccm oscar nin Ou ena Nhe O IMM

© Handkd large call volume while being able to multi task and provide accurate information to the consumers while maintaining a high level of
Fealin mel acc ay com

© Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, comphints, or comments, as well as actions taken.

© Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts,
or obtain details of comphints.

© Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for firther investigation.

* Complete contract forms, prepare change of address records, or issue service discontinuance orders, using computers.

06/2011 to 10/2013
Customer Service Representative Company Name

¢ Handkd 100 calls a day while being able to multi task and provide accurate information to the consumers while maintaining a high level of
Fealin mel acc ay com

* Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, comphints, or comments, as well as actions taken.

¢ Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts,
or obtain details of comphints.
