INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

Experienced network professional with outstanding success rate at installing and supporting critical, multi-site networks. Proven ability to manage
all phases of network installation and administration. Adept at analyzing business requirements and crafting technical network solutions. Possess
excellent written and verbal communication skills and knowledge of the ltest advances in technology. Network Administrator talented at resolving
highly technical issues efficiently to maintain uptime and increase productivity levels.

Skills
¢ Remote access support
CRs yicroeiilicic) A
* Preventative maintenance expert : ee Nan
See Cd Shee b ces oct ae ee a ons
© Wirekss Access Point . bot tnaen rien a
Pee ges@risncsmiccuged a
Ce armnnnnaurcsice
Work History

Information Technology Specialist , 08/2012 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Me lemoe ninco ne Une coer Lene mete merce tane

Responds to customer calls and touch labor requests.

Ensures the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and data available on the LAN.

Troubleshoots hardware and software components and manages the testing, installation and configuration of software.

Performs daily security inspections of entire DECC facility to include all secured and controlled areas.

Identifies and mitigates all security vulnerabilities and coordinates with Security manager.

Coordinates with, and escorts all DECC visitors m secure areas and ensures only authorized personnel and equipment are permitted in
oot ie oelmcoul gees cis

Enchve LAN administrator for DECC Wamer Robins.

Ensures all administrative LAN and automated data processing equipment used by personnel is maintained and filly operational.
Plans and coordinates the installation of new software and network infrastructure equipment.

Monitors network performance and performs diagnostics to identify and resolve connectivity issues.

Appointed alternate Ticket Manager.

FURNES beeen IICe

Ensure all incidents are being worked and are completed within the allotted time.

Escalates and forward all incidents for firther evaluation ifneeded.

Impknented and coordinated a complete technology refresh of DECC ADPE.

Ensuring all staff was properly equipped to support the DECC mission.

Spearheaded the DECC's migration from the Admin Enchve network over to the DISANet network with minimal impact to DECC
personnel,

Ce gee Verne Kininuceie neni cen Lenrmeltemerd elas
© Develops plans and designs for network modifications and enhancements Interfaces with vendors to ensure appropriate resolution during

network outages or periods of reduced performance.

Troubleshot and maintained all networking devices and infrastructure across the enterprise including switches, routers and firewalls.
Troubleshot and maintained all networking devices and infrastructure across the enterprise including switches, routers and firewalls.
Peatuceieomiibroel enol cuaibclramniicrltanaice itech

Upgraded and expanded network systems and their components.

Computer Systems Administrator , 12/2007 to 08/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Deploys computer systems and other hardware throughout the base.

Performs new and replacement desktop and laptop imaging for users.

Troubleshoot and correct local desktop firewall issues, and antivirus updating issues.

Performs upgrades, installation of software and drivers, and essential desktop troubleshooting.

Team lead on deployment of over 150 SIPRNET workstations.

Tasked primary administrator for all SIPRNET support in zone.

Performed security scans on chssified systems and collaborated with the Information Assurance team to mitigate vulnerabilities and
breaches.

Install and configure hardware/software to meet end-user needs.

POC for all installs and upgrades of the Cargo Mamgement Operations System

Provide desktop support and uses various utilities to trouble-shoot, repair, and check configuration of desktops.

Install and configure network and pe attached printers to include Brother, Hewktt-Packard and Xerox muttifinction printers.
Troubleshoot/Diagnose end-user network connectivity and bandwidth issues, and DHCP scope issues.

Diagnose and correct workstation performance issues.

Maintain network and computer system security and ensure that all systems are operating correctly.
