INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CERTIFIED TECHNICIAN

Summary

Over Nineteen years of experience in Information Technology. Information Technology professional with well-developed interpersonal,
communication, organizational and presentation skills. Solutions-focused, team oriented Senior Technical Support Analyst with broad-based
experience and hands-on skills in the successful implementation of highly effective desktop support operations. A broad understanding of computer
hardware and software, including installation, configuration, managerent, trouble-shooting, and support. Extensive experience with HP products to
include Desktop, Laptop, high-end MFP devices and Web JetAdmin, Areas of direct expertise include Project Coordination & Design, In-depth
Econ ei em AU erate HOKU CO hRower close PUnebiirl dhe eueniUlle ei UUM Unve ieee Baul a
editing. Network and Citrix experience. Recommendations listed on Roz Arasmo - Estee Lauder Companies, Inc., Hurman Resources
Administrator It is with great pleasure do I take this opportunity to write this recommendation on such an extra ordinary individual who is not only
an awesome person to know but a wonderfull colleague as well. During the almost ten (10) years of knowing Bill, he has not only displayed a great
talent within the IT organization at Estee Lauder, but has distributed excellent skills and customer service to everyone throughout the company. He
is extremely well thought of from every level of management to Senior management. His dedication and diligent to excellence has proven superior
time and time again. When called upon he demonstrates top support ina timely and professional manner not to mention that he compktes his tasks
thoroughly with accuracy never having to be called back again for the same issue. We have been privikged to have such an awesome professional
within our organization.

Lorike Dickson - Director, Change Management and Communications at Estee Lauder Bill is a diligent and hard-working professional with
excellent customer service skills and exceptional knowledge of the IT industry. Each time I requested support, he was quick to respond and
compkted each request compktely and with urgency. His thorough approach and attention to detail are an added bonus to the computer support
eee cCecR On esBroull-stmsscicn

Skills

years' experience) Security+ (Intermediate, 12 years' experience) Customer Service (Expert, 20+ years’ experience) Networking (Intermediate,
10 years' experience) Internet Explorer Symantec Antivirus (Intermediate, 9 years' experience) Windows 7 (Intermediate, 2 years’ experience)
Series 7 (Beginner, 20+ years' experience) XP (Advanced, 6 years' experience) DOS (Intermediate, 20+ years’ experience) Windows 8.1 3
years ‘experience), IP Mac OS (Beginner, 2 years' experience) iPhone (Intermediate, 2 years' experience) iPad (Intermediate, 2 years!
experience) User Interface Writing (Intermediate, 12 years’ experience) Troubkshooting (Advanced, 20+ years’ experience), IT Operations
(ice eclomnR enMotear ates]

Accomplishments

¢ Jose Miguel Morales - VP Security Engineering January 24, 2003 To Whom It May Concem, The intent of this letter is to express my
professional regards for Mr.

William Hak.

T have known Mr.

Hake for over a year in academic milieu.

During this period I have had the pleasure of being associated with one of the finest people that anyone could ever come in contact with.
Wiltants technical and professional prowess has accorded him the highest regards from his peers.

He has a thorough understanding of the job requirements and how to accomplish corporate goals without sacrificing individual creativity.
William is not only a success in his career, but is alvays interested in the betterment ofhis fellow man.

T have observed him many times in the process of accomplishing things that truly are representative ofa person with a strong family and
moral convictions,

Willams a man that can wear many hats, and his humbleness allows him to be a good server, and at times adapt to the position of'a keader.
I am deeply impressed by Mr.

Hak and recommend him unhesitatingly.

T amconfident that, ifselected for your vacancy, he would provide the same high level of service and commitment.

Sincerely Yours, Jose’ M.

Morales [Electronic Signature] Jose Miguel Morales, VP Security Engineering http//vww.semperfigiobalcom

schivor anes
Information Technology Certified Technician 03/2010 i Current Company Name

¢ Desktop support, software/hardware installations and configurations for Manhattan area.

Senior Technical Support Technician 01/2006 14 01/2011 Company Name
Senior Desktop Support Analyst

© responsible for software & hardware assets for company.
© Dedicated technician to 500+ end users.
© Senior Technician for SAP Project 2006-2010.

Education and Training

2017 Computer Career College - MCSE,CNA, A+,CNA, Information Technology : City University of New York - CIS - Computer and
Information Systems Security / Information Assurance Computer and Information Systems Security / Information Assurance

DESIR ole Oe oucee aialnees onated

1962 Certifications MCSE, MCP, CNA, Comptia At, At+Network, At Security, HIPPA, Series 7,63,24 Microsoft, Comptia, Novell, SEC
Series 7,63,24 : Hofstra College - Business Administration Business Administration

Certifications
