RSPAS INS PANN Sy
Professional Summary
Highly organized and detail-oriented Staff Assistant with more than 14 years experience supplying thorough, organized administrative support
tol0+ senior executives.
als
© 75 WPM typing speed 5
* Excellent commumication skills pray eastaieiailiad
Bae CAT a 0c fens
© Accurate and detaikd Works well under p:

Work History
RSPAS PINS POMOC A AOL OUncn’
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Currently working at the Office of Information Technology.

© Responsible for providing support to Richard Biever, CISO and his staff

© Primary duties include: calendaring and scheduling responsbilities using dCal, Lotus Notes or shared calendaring systems, including
scheduling multiple complex meetings in separate calendaring products for various staff members concurrently; telephone screening/triage
which involves interviewing callers, answering questions conceming departmental or divisional activities, transmitting instructions and/or
information to and from staff members, making proper referrals as necessary; preparing materials and making arrangements for conferences
and travel, including preparing travel expense summaries and reconciliations; preparing necessary documents for supervisor's use in
meetings; attending meetings to take minutes; coordinating monthly staff leave reports; clearing procurement cards receipts in PARIS;
serving as liaison with external vendors and OIT constituents; support audio/visual capable conferences and meetings by training users and
providing assistance with A/V electronics operation.

Backup duties include: ordering and managing inventory of office, conference room and break room supplies as needed; distributing
departmental mail, providing coverage for the ATC reception desk, including lunches, breaks and scheduled and unscheduled absences of
the OIT receptionist; Secondary duties include: screening AVP's, Directors' and/or Managers’ mil and documents as requested,
determining relevance, prioritization, etc., based on content of communication and knowledge of departrental programms and activities; and
Cy eanicsinUtremeraelNeth uC eel eemececlany anni etl com

Use of computer, copier, fax and multiline telephone.

Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staffevents.

Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.

Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.

Coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and transportation.

Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.

Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.

Ol oretreGu ro naimecironcaeb eerie ity

Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.

Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.

Assisted with event planning, including associated travel and logistical arrangements.

Assessed urgency and priorities before accepting or declining appointrents and meetings with the CEO.
NYerecrcemilbrsoneinereluonceklnonienlickuerauaci einen mellaed

Obtained signatures for financial docurrents and intemal and external invoices.

Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.

Coordinated board and committee meetings, including schedules and information preparation and distribution.

RECEPTIONIST 09/2006 to 08/2007
Company Name

Responsible for answering and directing incoming calls, disbursing parking passes and visitor's badges, greeting visitors, accepting and
disbursing incoming packages, leave tracking, maintaining telephone directory, and providing support to Staff Assistants.
Use of computer, copier, fax and multiline telephone.

DD UOID AOR SZ ec

Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.

Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.

Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.

Ol oretreGu ro naimecironcaeb eerie ity

Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.

Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.

Legal Secretary 01/2000 to 01/2003
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Responsible for preparation of court motions and orders, customer service,.
