IT TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

Professional Summary

ee UR ce cob gi ole ORE c ab OES OLe Ln ESL
ExperiencedA Service techA with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively
with technology, executive, and business audiences.

Core Qualifications

TCP/IP, Network monitoring and tools, storage management, knowledge of desktop support procedures and active directory, skilled in
software and Microsoft operation installation and maintenance, working knowledge with Windows 2000, 2003 & 2008 Server install, Microsoft
office 2000 through 20010 applications software, Windows XP, Vista, 7 and 8 pe and lap top install and management. Professional installation
and upgrades, Network Security and protection measures, networking cable patch panel install, testing and layout, fiber optic installation, testing
and ky. Web development and design using software front page, html and python applications.

schivor anes

IT Technology Specialist 09/2015 to 04/2016 Company Name City , State

© Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory. Successfillly ed key projects which resulted in [positive outcome] .
Provided onsite trainng, Provided Tierl & Tier2 level support.

Perform Tier 3 level support to customers on operational or maintenance aspects of system equipment.

Perform service, repair and/or install of company products including system hardware, software, PCs and POS equipment.

Perform general maintenance, repair computer systems and peripheral equipment.

Replace and install cable (cat5) network cable.

Managed and trouble shoot telecom phone system

Field Service Tech 03/2014 to 042015 Company Nanr City , State

© Level 1 Fickl Service Tech Provided Tierl & Tier2 level support; Perform Tier 3 level support to customers on operational or maintenance
aspects of system equipment.

* Performservice, repair and/or install of company products including system hardware, software, PCs and POS equipment.

¢ Perform general maintenance, repair computer systems and peripheral equipment.

© Replace and install cable (cat5) network cable.

Information Technology Specialist 08/2010 to 09/2006 Company Name City , State

© Provided hardware support related to pe, lap tops, note books technical issues, software application and OS issues.

* Assists clients with recommending, scheduling and implementing system hardware and/or software upgrades based on needs and anticipated
growth.

Nahm beienincdrel tious mtne i cmccUU nrc ene cca eeueniotin Gare Oke cc «es Rite neue mci ael Lek Lote

Offered assist for website design, yout and hosting.

Offered residential customers technical support with hardware and software issues related to hard drives, power supply replacements and
ante vcr rehil

piiorrisltenM Coetneysums noes e PARP eS on san ciere

* Conducted analysis to addressA network issuesA which ke to install ofa T1 line. Monitored mutiple databases to keep track ofall
Cor nao ne Sum non OSes Ua idrone aireanacean nna anbrrecormls chk ated precise tise scl oe
© Identify any computer architectural requirements; establish and upgrade systems; maintain installation records; improve system performance;
maintain technical knowledge.
Set up and maintain local area network using cable layout and fiber optic connections.
Configure and trouble shooting routers, pix, Domino Server and Microsoft Windows 2003 Server.
Oversee staff related issues related to computer upgrades, hardware problens, virus, email accounts/ network ids, remote desktop support
pire mteshanirem
Develop policies and procedures for intemet access and antivirus installations.
Communicate effectively with end users, vendors and upper management.
Trained end users in office applications and security issues.
Managed all pe hardware and software office applications and installations at the local branch offices, feed mills and truck shop in the
Laurinburg, Bladenboro, Tar heel and Nichols S.C.
© locations.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Business Management August-05 National American University City , State Business Management
Associate/Degree : Business Computer Programming May-92 Robeson Community College Business Computer Programming
CERTIFICATIONS

Cun leanne zen isina Ce
© Comptia A February- 14.

Skills
active directory, antivirus, C, cable, cat5, computer hardware, hardware, client, clients, ernail, front page, hard drives, hardware support, html, ids,
