DATABASE PROGRAMMER/ANALYST (.NET DEVELOPER)
Summry

Software Engineer with 2 years in Web Developer specializing in front end development. Proficient in Software Developnent Life Cycle (SDLC)
and SRUM AGILE methodologies of development process to produce software solutions by team Involved in designing, planning, developing
and implementing Microsoft .Net based solutions that meet quality and code standards using C#, ASP.Net, ASP.Net MVC JavaScript, jQuery,
CSS, Bootstrap CSS, HTML, XML and AJAX. Strong experience in data retrieval and manipulation using ADO.Net data objects such as
Dataset, Data Reader, Data list, Data Adaptor, Entity Frame work. Good experience in writing Class Library using C# , LINQ to SQL queries in
Database Access layer to interface with SQL Database. Worked extensively with .Net Server Controls, Web User Control, Data Grid, Web
Control, Form Validation Controls and created Customcontrol. Worked on creating and modifying Table Definitions, stored procedures in SQL
Database. Modified and written web services using C# to interact with the other applications so data can be served. Used Red Gate SQL
Compare to deploy database from one server to another server (Dev -> Test(QA).Worked on .NET security features such as Form-Based
Authentication and Role-Based Authorization. Used various ASP.Net client side and server validation Control, used JavaScript for client side
validations. Involved in bug fixes and production support. Worked closely with Scrum Master for backlog catalogs, feature catalogs and prioritized
the tasks Participated in daily scrums and weekly meetings with the project sponsors to meet expectations and deadlines Interact with QA to
ensure the defects are properly cleared to attain the quality standards Providing demos to the QA teamat the end of the sprint to push for its final
SEO OLceRURarecce eaten icine en ecg cecum

bs rannaney
© Ci, Java, VB.Net, C, CH
¢ ,.Net Technologies: .Net Framework 4.0/4.5, ASP.Net, ASP.NET MVC, VB.Net, ADO.Net, Entity Framework, AJAX, Web Service,
LINQ, Entity Framework, LINQ queries. ASP.Net, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap CSS.
IDE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, Dreamweaver
Database: SQL, MySql
CO actinep GAN Theol)
Version Controls : Tortoise SVN, GitHub
Others: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Power point

Experience

Database Progranmer/Analyst (NET Developer) Jun 2014 to Feb 2016
Company Name 1% City , State

Description: A

Worked as Graduate Research Assistant performing the duties of Database Programmer/Analyst at Application Development Network (ADN),
DolT which supports University of Missouri System faculty and students through agile and rapid creation of new applications.

eT
7 NECEe
pWenres Near

‘This project is all about requesting, scheduling the tutoring sessions. There are three rokes tied to application they are Tutee, Tutor, and Scheduler.
PM od ee BOM ONa OM ee ood is Let cane eine bu nce Nel Aims ioulince sce niical nolo eeNctaliing@lr eee M ied
submits availability. A scheduler will go through those availabilities and schedule time and location for tutoring. Ako, there are some set of rules for
dropping the tutoring sessions which are incorporated in this project. The other piece of this project is automated emis through Scheduled task
which runs every day.

Bare OI oe.

Created a Availability Calendar Grid. In grid each cell represents time (1 hour span) and day of the week. Clicking on the cell toggles the
ENGI sl SNAP Cob Lelbesl ng ueselactal Luelntekwe rast em niLaaei eet licen eecinlnceay ou ccrmliteromciconetses Crib ko ied
to get that data)

Pld nt A Ou ice way eco omebattcekar fais

¢ Got rid ofdata tables and table adapters in the main project as they are tightly coupled. Created Class libraries out of the main project to
Peden exeninnkm eke uc emul tQuce wee cll ob Ome Lad enn ei mies Bey eat ete

Integrated Open Source HTML text editor CK Editor into the website.

© Used jQuery for filtering, sorting and search the listview, JavaScript for clientside validations.

Se cer) ace lnee alten Om te ote ontucce

Occupational Therapy: A
bres nO
‘The goal of the project to refractor the od application with new templates and rephce the assemblies. Adding fimctionalities to upload pdf files.

© Responsilities:
