DIRECTOR, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Professional Summary

Results-driven IT director with over 30 years of experience in diverse industries, including Port and Higher Education. Expertise includes team
kadership, technical architecture, training and development, disaster recovery planning, and information protection analysis. Dynamic, resourcefil,
and extremely driven individual with a deep passion for creating and delivering programs and solutions that empower a team, company, and
customer to meet and exceed desired expectations.

Core Qualifications

© ITmmgenent

© Results-oriented : aaa
r Masini De tad a pT en ae
© Budget admmistration Daeesarcireted

© Change mmgenent

schivor anes
Director, Information Technology
August 2008 to Current Company Name 1 City , State

Manages information technology computer center for the Board of Commissioners of the Port of New Orleans (Board).

Develops, initiates, implements and monitors procedures necessary to determine the need for improverrent of the system and operational
activities,

Makes recommendations on the acquisition, lease or rental of equipment and computer services, the development and implementation of
new data processing programs and the expansion of existing equipment and programs.

Provide information and recommendations to the Port's management relevant to the establishment of priorities for prospective system
applications.

Develops and/or revises data and practices conceming plan and procedures consistent with agency goals and objectives in the information
communications fields.

Formuhtes requests for bid and requests for proposals for major and minor I.T. professional services and hardware contracts.

Directly involved in vendor selection and final contract negotiations and approvals.

Supervises information technology and telecommunication staffand provides guidance and direction of daily activities.

Develops and supervises the work of system project consultants.

Provides consulting services to all Port departments and divisions conceming information systems, new programs and data processing.
Pale SRI LC ala neuat tr bCa Oni IheRIcuLecRane cng st lelaccs

Evaluates existing manual and autormted informtion-related activities including physical work enviromrent, administrative procedures and
See ll

Represents the Board of Commissioners on national and intemational committees and conferences as necessary.

* Prepares hardware, software and personnel budgets for the I.T. department.

Staying abreast of the new technologies, doing cost/benefit analysis of these technologies and the incorporation of these technologies into the
Pb eeahnegs tcccn

Participates in formulating Board's current and future I.T. short and Jong term strategic planning including PC networking, Enmail, IBM
ISeries Support, INTERNET, Innging, Computer Aided Software Engineering, Communication Protocols, EDI, GIS ete.

Reviews and makes recommendations to managerent on the use and control of mainframe data processing systems for internal operations,
and for servicing the maritime community in the movement of cargo through the Port.

Assures that software utilizing the nninframe and remote computer local area, wide area network equipment are protected and secure
against viruses, outside intrusion and cyber-attack.

Supervise the development of long range plans for the use of data processing equipment by the Board, related private sector firms and

PLO STIe Te LaTe coe

Cor om aaNet ZOSULenv Aine aan ce neeectn ete ee dames Bom inees eco eeacee Ley eeib em semi cncaule we iae ect ce
Coordinates the flow of informtion among in-house departrrents, private sector maritime interests, U.S. Customs and other agencies.
Oversees a large repertoire of sophisticated application software.

Interface with representatives of local, national and international maritime, and govermment agencies, offices and firms conceming the
technical requirements and operation and benefits of the system.

Reviews, coordinates and makes recommendations to Board management and maritime interests on data transmission requirements.

* Monitors the preparation of reports submitted to Board management, the private sector and governmental agencies on data processing and

[ovine abso eo

Keeps abreast of changes in the maritime industry as it affects the movement of bulk, general and containerized cargo and the flow of
(cee meer ries Leicy

In charge ofall telephone services required by the Board.

© This includes the main administrative phone switch and sub-switches and all cell and broadband services.

Define scope of work and specifications for Hardware and software needs for Homeland Security Grant Investment Justifications from
2008 to present.

FAS system repair and updates, Building Access Command and Control, Security Camera Projects (Portwide and Cruise Terminals),
Wireless Backbone Infrastructure Portwide, MSCO provisioning, Mobile Command Center Repair and Upgrade, Underwater inspection
vehicle and equipment, Technology Installation on the Harbor Police Patrol Boat, Integration of Command Bridge Incident Control servers,
