INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST/SYSTEM ANALYSIS
Summary

Thave over 10 years of professional service in Informmtion Technology Support and Technical Operations in working with the Federal Government
and private sectors. I have a broad knowledge and expertise in strategic planning, IT Business Systems, Network Operations, IT Security and
System Analysis. My goal is to secure permnent employment within a outstanding organization that oflér opportunities for growth and
advancement, while implementing a high degree of professionalism, enthusiasm, initiative on a daily basis.

Highlights
« Active Top Security Ckearance/SCI Certified CompTIA Sccuri

aii RO CBN ohh eC Microsoft SharePoint 2010 Train

schivor anes
Company Name February 2015 to May 2016 Information Technology Specialist/System Analysis
lena El CG

© Serve as IT System Analyst; assist with business process improvement efforts, responsible for the physical setup of computer workstations,
configuration of Microsoft Outlook 2013, operation, and integration of hardware and software components associated with databases that
Rheuena lees Bois mel mL Nia

Monitor network to ensure network availbility to all system users and perform necessary maintenance to support network availability.
Collaborate and work together with Joint Service Provider, Information Technology Agency, DISA and Video Teleconference Team,
coordinate and implement superior IT services to Army G-3-5-7staffand customers.

Develop document and implement IT asset management program to identify the location and maintain accountability of IT equipment.
Serve as Contract Office Representative, effectively manage Verizon service contract, in business systems tools such as Contractor
Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) and Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF).

Manage IT related issues in through trouble ticketing system known as Remedy.

Coordinate with custom care linison regarding Technical Assessrrent and Cost Estimate, Life Cycle Replacement.

Prepare documentation on complex systems, processes in assigned fimetional area of responsibility and maintain business continuity plan.
Manage copier and printer inventory program

Serves as Entitlement Manager for DoD Enterprise Errail system, create distribution list, ermail accounts, restrict and grant permission to
both individual and group emails.

Responsible for analyzing new information technology equipment and conduct testing of product and services.

Responsible for migration of ISDN and VOIP telephone systems of over 1500 users. Ensure corrective actions to restore operational
services the Verizon software applications.

Provide technical assistance and desktop support on various operating systems and applications.

Ure norm bconnlbecrnmccueusAiciilnenit (bitin raw Ea une nimecccce ath etc

Serve as an advisor to the Chief Information Officer on matters relating to security vulnerabilities and threats to G-3-5-7's computer

ESS ante

* Develop corresponding security countermeasures necessary to protect technical, complex, sensitive and chassified information processed on
Army computer equipment.

yee er cams tne M USO IMI CeILeRin s atretUneeee Bull Coed OR CACEMEy Re yusiirlt oem

Evaluate adequacy of new or revised information security policy, standards, and procedural guidance and support for the protection of
information technology systems.

Work closely with program and project activities to develop safeguards for the computers that are connected to Army networks.

* Review operational and technical security aspects associated with specific sites and facilities to determine vulnerability and threat.

Company Name October 2013 to December 2014 Information Technology Specialis/Network Administrator
lena El CG

© Serve as a system analyst; primary job duty is to monitor servers and load balancers activity through sophisticated software applications

such as HP Business Services Manager, HP Network Node Manager, and HP Operation Manager for UNIX.

Schedule application stop monitoring through platform on mainframes.

Assist both national and intemational Boeing and AT&T customers when alams are received from voice over internet protocol telephone,

Break/Fix, wireless LAN control (access point) circuit, catalytic switches, routers, servers and flight line managed applications.

© Preform triage procedures then trouble shoot and escalate service ticket, assign tickets into the appropriate network or global group for
further investigation (usually Tier 3 IT help desk or higher support).

* Operate and utilizes various software applications to include but not limited to: SPARK instant messaging, Same Time Lotus Notes,

Microsoft LYNC, and Network Data Viewer (NDV), Remedy ticketing, Riverbed, Names and Address Management System (NAMS),

Circuit Design & Configuration (CDC) and Cisco Prime.

Daily reports, manage ticketing disposal and conduct shift change brief

Monitor fimctionality, information assurance, security, and integrity of intemet services; troubkeshoots and resolves technical problems with

the design and delivery of intemet services; collects and analyzes intemet service usage and performance statistics; evaluates new internet

services and technologies; and provides technical advice to intemet content providers.
