INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR

Professional Profile

B.S. graduate with a record of success implementing IT solutions. Demonstrated commitment to quality and customer service, detail oriented,
strong team player, self motivated, demonstrated exceptional analytical skills, proven ability to work efléctively and cross fimetionally with all levels
of managerrent with responsibilities increasing in scope. 9+ years of experience as Client/Server developer using Transact SQL, PL\SQL, Chssic
ASP, ASP.net, HTML, DHTML, XML, JavaScript, using CSS layout and design principks, 7+ years of managing project timeliness, accuracy,
approving high-level and detail designs, as well as managing successfill test plans. Directed all stages of software development including
requiremenis, design, coding, testing and implementation of several company wide Intranet initiatives like Ovations! - An associate rewards and
recognition program used by over 30,000 employees; Kronos TM Workforce Central - a time and attendance program for 13,000 non-exempts
employees. Several projects included the management of offsite vendor resources. Experience using the following database management tool MS
SQL Server 6.5,7, 2000 and 2005, My SQL, and Oracle 91. Proficient with MS Windows, MS Office, Minitab, Business Objects, Adobe CS3
Web Edition, Visual Studio, Frontpage, PaintShop Pro.

schivor anes

Information Technology Coordinator Nov 2003 to Current

Company Name Provide technical support throughout the office from building and managing the web presence, networking computers and other
office equipment as well as researching grant opportunities for the implementation ofa technology component for the Leadership SOAR program
Responsible for building capacity for the foundation within the area of information technology by helping them move closer to a paperless
environment. The scope of my rok is to streamline IT operations, implement an effective online marketing and media strategy, autonmte the work
processes for employees, and centralize the activities of GivingBack Foundation, Inc. by using the intemet and other media.

Web Developer Jun 2003 to Current

Company Name As webmaster I was responsible for the wing-to-wing implementation of online solutions for small businesses using the full System
Development Life Cyck. All projects were delivered 100% on time, within budget by correctly assessing needs upfront, and gathering detailed
design specifications that prevent scope creep. I was directly involved in the design/develop/testing phases, the implementing of database systems
using Classic ASP/ASP.net 2.0 and MS SQL Server 2000/2005 in the Windows Hosting environment, PHP 4.0 - 5.0 and MySQL 4 in the Linux
Hosting environment as well as providing support operations, and evaluating the overall system performance affer project hunch. A few key
ASP.Net/MS SQL 2005 solutions implemented during this period were vendor developed ad tracking and e-mail newsletter marketing software.
Clients relied upon the research and cost benefit analysis provided to determine the best solution that met their needs and budget.

Intranet Application Support Analyst Jan 2003 to Jul 2007

Company Name Key responsibilities were to manage the timeliness and accuracy of system parameter setups and data migration of files for private
label and bank card projects. Worked with fimetional areas such as Marketing, Risk, Fraud, Operations, and Collections to ensure that
parameters implemented met project requirements by serving as the IT lead responsible for overcoming any organizational and technical barriers
that arose. During this period I was able to successfully multi-task and manage several projects concurrently making my role key in the successfill
impknrniation of 14 new portfolios that had a combined growth of $1.26B in new receivables. Implemented successfiil business-wide initiatives
such as: Ovations! - An associates rewards and recognition system. Primary responsibility was to enhance the systems Graphical User Interface
PS RS O BU ee Om Lao teceei elec bce) adeeb nmi BE oon ENO Cus eaiviN AN Lema lchneelsle Oke gies
peak usage periods. This was accomplished by managing the wing-to-wing project implementation with the selected outside vendor and internal IT
teams involved. Kronos TM Workforce Central - Key responsibility was to stabilize the application within the Windows 2k/Oracle 91
infrastructure by leveraging a test server for validating patches, and major version updates by the vendor. Once moved to the live production
environment, load balancing between 3 application and 1 database server was impkmented to better support peak usage times. This allowed the
system to always be available for users to accurately record their time and ensured the Human Resource department they were within 99%
compliance in handling employee payroll. Managed Offshore Resources during several key Intranet initiatives by assisting in the review and
approval of high-kvel and detail design of business requirements for the enhancerrents/mintenance of other miscellaneous web applications within
the scope of the Consumer Finance IT buikd team After the testing phase was complete I assured the hand off from the build to the production run
team was a seamess transition that did not interrupt any existing production processes. Initiated the role ofa technical support contact providing
mmintenance and enhancements for three integrated business tracking systems built with classic ASP and MS SQL used to manage the work flow
for a Portfolio Services department of 120 associates. Phases of the application were being built by members of the Information Management
Leadership Program (IMLP), each with specific requirements to implement within their six month rotation. These rotations left a support gap which
| filed to address any system issues as they rose. This resulted in a smoother transition between the IMLP members by allowing them time to focus
on and fulfilling their requirements of the program instead of immediately coming into a new rotation addressing issues keft by a previous colleague.
Iplemented a database migration plan from MS SQL Server 6.5 to 2000, which included maintenance schedules and archiving. By the structure
of the two versions MS SQL server being completely different, it had to be a two phased approach. Phase one required a migration from 6.5 to
7.0. Phase two was to migrate ffom7.0 to 2000. Since support was going to be dropped for MS SQL Server 6.5 the entire project had to be
compkted within 30 days. This migration allow me to implement a regularly scheduled maintenance plan that reduced end-user downtime from 10
- 20 hours per month to zero The Subject Matter Expert for the Mid-Range Application group in Stamford responsible for conducting a transfer of
knowledge from the Atlanta data management personnel back to the Mid-Range team for ongoing support. Due to the elimination of curtain
business fictions this process had to be successfully completed within 60 days to prevent the possibke impact of production systems there affer.
brairestbeny

Bachelor's , Computer Information Systems DeVry University 1% City, State , US 9/2000 - 6/2004 DeVry University, Alpharetta, Georgia
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Information Systems Academic Honors: Dean's List, Hope Scholarship GPA 3.46 while working and attending
school full-time

Affiliations

GivingBack Foundation, Inc

Certifications

Six Sigm Green Belt Certified

Skills
