DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Executive Profile

Director of Information Technology Project Manager * Business Analyst * Technical Support Analyst Visionary and highly accomplished
Information Technology executive with success spanning 20+ years in high-performance, multi-faceted enviroments. Innovative and quality-driven
professional to oversee enterprise resource planning, data and voice networking, software development, performance analysis and other critical
business processes. Expertise establishing strategies and spearheading long-term initiatives to devise deploy and support IT infrastructures in
alignment with business objectives. Adept administrator of enterprise projects and organizational budgets.

Skill Highlights

Innovative Leadership
Change Management
Infrastructure Design
Strategic Planning
Technology Development
OO lecetb Emm stcett

P & L Oversight
Organizational Development
Mentoring and Coaching

Professional Experience
Director of Information Technology 08/2005 to Current
Company Name City , State

Manage software development and inffastructure projects.

Direct daily operations and oversee vendor relationships.

Define project requirements and aligning efforts with clients and corporate needs and assess outcomes.

Develop and see change managerment processes, release control, maintenance and support activities and employee training progrars.
Determine needs analysis for infrastructure and software requirements.

Establish corporate policies pertaining to staffand employee usage of technology.

Provides 24 x7 technical support, Service Level Agreements (SLA's) and root cause analysis reporting.

Directed staffof’7 IT professionals comprising ofan IT Mamger, Network Administrator, Programmer, IT Trainer and 3 Helpdesk
Analysts supporting approximately 675 employees in 18 branches within the state of Florida.

Interact with various departments in Corporate to derive pertinent information for Accounting, HR and Finance and formuhte decisions
based on data derived from the finm-wide Enterprise Resource Program

Accomplishments: Companywide system conversion to Windows 7, Office 2010 completed within 4 months.

© Standardization of software applications and hardware infrastructure, allowing for better system support, faster turmaround time for system

problem resolutions Organization of departmental business which includes system inventory, software licensing and registrations.
Evaluation of IT related vendors and service agreements resulting ina $300K per year reduction in IT expenditures Implementation ofa
RIPE il BS UEa ore Wines ORIN ale M SE COe em CCR UU LR LOU Beate ne eualiatiaonreneshe
purchasing department.

Design and installation ofan IP hybrid telecom system, standardizing the company's phone system and allowing for free inter-office
communication, with a yearly savings of $160K in telecom expenses.

Manager of Information 02/2003 to 07/2005
Company Name City , State

Provided leadership in the firm's information teclnology department in the direction, planning and implementation of technology leading to
the support and alignment of the Finris business operation to achieve an effective, cost-beneficial and secure IT operations for over 350
Soc

Provided strategic and tactical planning, development, evaluation, and coordination of the IT Departrrent.

Oversee the integrity of all electronic records including information related to information security and data recovery processes.
Facilitated communication between staff, management, vendors and other technology resources within the organization.

Directed supervision of 6 IT staff including a Network Administrator, 2 IT tramers and 3 Helpdesk Analyst.

Sitter hie Rconelos sco a atchLed se gcoul weiner lice uyaiocky diners ac tice

Pakecelny yicniy et cam

Developed system policies addressing areas of risk and formuhting a protocol for an effective change management.

Spearheaded conversion of phone system to IP telephony resulting to a 30% decrease in spending for tekecommunication infrastructure.
Coordinated conversion of kegacy servers and virtualization of servers, increasing operations efficiency and reducing downtime.

Migrated several of the Finn's legacy application and reducing the applications supported keading to a standardized utilization of software.

Senior Systems Analyst/Project Manager 07/1998 to 01/2003
Company Name City , State

Responsible for planning and implementation of IT projects whi managing and coordinating IT resources.

Managed relationships with vendors and suppliers to ensure routine maintenance and that any possible problems are detected before they
raat

Evaluated hardware and software acquisition to ensure compatibility and alignment with the Fins objectives.
