INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
SUMMARY Skilled IT professional with 7 years of proven success in developing and leading cross-fimetional technical tears to execute and
deliver major technology initiatives using the Agile methodology and Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe). Well versed in managing projects with co-
located and off-site teams. Expertise in gathering and translating requirements, keading scrum tears, and release management, including owning the
release management lifecycle for multiple applications across different environments.

Skills
© Budget
© Business analyst
Pen neasg
¢ Agik methodology Cael rong
© Project management PEE Oloneclltetsy
© SAFe Program Increment (PI) Planning * Features
¢ Scrum/Kanban/Scrumban ¢ Functional
© Aptitude for resolving challenging problems = ¢- Team buikding
CEO cnecasiteicy * Managing
© Teambuilding © Meetings
Cie el eciepraleiiarrang Cie wcarcurnuns
¢ Scrummuster/ Business analyst © Project Management
¢ Athssian suite JIRA, Confluence, Trello) © Project plans
© Public Trust Clearance Level 4 Ce ealstine
« Agi CR iclarccceccie eile
¢ Approach CES 07ND).
© Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition
© Floent in Spanish
© Upgrade
schivor anes

Company Name | City , State INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER 03/2019 - Current

© Support Design-Build Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) Upgrade Project using project management expertise.

¢ Identify and implerent technology tools to facilitate resource planning for multiple projects, identify interdivisional dependencies, encourage
fresl Siisemeslirtee)l sine siceimrin Rea ee Ritccc rnin eeMwWelee vce ORs nesi ce ene) Cuan ern B Ay vce

Introduced the concept of SAFe to lead planning event to prioritize fiscal year acquisition and procurement needs based on project
criticality and available internal resources.

Developed annual planning process to support capital improvement planning activities such as project identification and prioritization.

Company Name | City , State AGILE PROJECT MANAGER 10/2014 - 03/2019

© Led transition of risk-assessmrent tools from downloadable software to web-based platform, including EPA's Vulnerability Self Assessment
Tool, Climate Resilience Evaluation and Awareness Tool (CREAT), and the Workshop Planner for Climate Change and Extreme Events
yeni PIOnn Orel

Developed project plans and cost estinntes with well-defined milestones in collaboration with project team and subcontractors for each
contract period of performance.

Tracked project keve-of effort and budget expenditures to enable the team to deliver work products whik managing changes to scope,
schedule, and budget.

Provided cost projections using labor rates to manage specific project tasks from project inception to compketion.

Tracked resource availability and allocate staffaccording to client priorities for the project goals and timeline.

Managed communication of project status, including risks, within the project team and extemal to the project team

Gathered and communicated performance metrics and develop performance reports.

Identified and managed project risks, defined opportunities for improverrent, and worked with the project team and senior leaders to

fTnla io Reena wera eice

Worked with team members to participate in the quarterly SAFe PI planning events to develop realistic work plans and release timelines for
ferononesicetmiveeciiec tc

Company Name | City , State RELEASE MANAGER 10/2014 - 03/2019

Negotiated, planned, and mamged all release activities identifying risks and corresponding solutions to maintain the release schedule.
Established deployment needs and ensured compatible architecture and configuration of final deliverable.

Facilitated production readiness reviews and release retrospective meetings with the project team

Served as the primary point of contact with IT partners in deployment planning activities using a Scrumban (Agile and Kanban) approach.
Identified ways to optimize platform capabilities and maximize efficiencies.

Identified issues and performed root-cause analysis.

Ensured all changes met readiness criteria prior to deployment.

Worked with developers to resolve deployment issues and system outages.

Tracked release metrics to identify process improvements.
