INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST (WEB), GS-11
[Osheue Oona ang

eyenniye
NESE OR CSP SIRT UST ay
NOC Merit-2016-0031

Experienced Systems Analyst with diverse industry experience in government, maritine, forestry, research and development. Professional expertise
includes systems applications, disaster recovery planning, customer services, including remote, phone and local one on one.

Qualifications
¢ Excelkent communicator MS SharePoint, MS Access

CJ
© Adopts technology to business needs = * ~MS Office, Adobe Suite
© Stays current with technology © OS(s) Windows, Linux, Mac
CJ

¢ Excellent interpersonal skills Skype, WebEx, Adobe Connect, MS Lyne
Technical Skills
SSIS Ge oeCaay Total Years Last Used
CORR E re Plata am stones Regional System Manager 5 September 2014
System installs and upgrades ofagency software System Admin B) September 2015
Accomplishments

Awarded by the Forest Service, Pacific Northwest Research Station, for developing publishing imovations, multiple website support, and
championing SharePoint. Also, awarded for superior performance during 2013.

Awarded by the Forest Service, Pacific Northwest Research Station, for delivering superb computer assistance to the Communication Application
Program, and demonstrated outstanding support to the maintenance of the stations' websites, and demonstrating extra effort in updating research
related databases, and for researching new media sources such as ¢-pubs for the station's publications.

Key developer and supporter for a new Regional Examination Center(REC) Merchant Mariner database, which was widely adopted by several
REC’s across the United States, for the U.S. Coast Guard.

Aug oanan at acs
Company Name City , State Information Technology Specialist (Web), GS-11 08/2013 to 02/2016

© Over two years of planning, coordinating, and identifying business and research fimetions, resources and services working with the Forest
Services' Climate Change Resource Center (CCRC).

© Coordinated testing and improverrent of Chief of Information Office (CIO) Virtual Machine Primer training guide, for use by the Forest

Service IT specialist, to transform web services to a Content Management System, using Drupal with Linux platform

SHO Ces P MO TCR OM ICIUMR COR CTE CH MaCM MR eIBiLetce Methuen OnE Lay Reel anerarizelt stacy c(oty

Instrumental in researching, planning and collaborating with teams in the Forest Service to increase the knowledge base of Drupal,

SharePoint and eBooks for PNWRS, R&D and members CIO/WO kveb.

Apply federal, department, and agency web regulations and policies.

Trained program departments to use MS SharePoint to collect files, data, publications, and agency policies into one central hub.

Ensure that all material presented is in compliance with copyright requirements and section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act.

Company Name City , State Computer Assistant, GS-5 03/2010 to 08/2013

© Managed internet and intranet sites.
© Created and modified publication database entries within the Forest Services’ Research Information Tracking System (RITS).
¢ Administered SharePoint sites.

© Provide group and one-on-one training to staffand new site owners.

© Converted print publications to eBook fort for eReaders, including: embedding video and audio media clips.

Company Name City , State Computer Department Inte 09/2008 to 06/2009

* Designed and proto-typed a web-based, IT assets inventory tracking system, using Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP, HTML, and CSS.

¢ Assisted all evels of school districts technical staff, with projects and day to day operations.

© Planned and deploying technology for teachers and students in the Carms School District, including software migration, computer and
server upgrades,

¢ Establish a flect of Lnux OS laptops, that saved the school district over $250,000, by repurposing old laptops marked to be recycled.
