INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

Si

Tend
An organized DBA professional with over 6years hands-on experience supporting Orack databases, Sql Server databases and AWS

infrastructure. Equipped with excellent communication and interpersonal skills; a highly organized individual and team player who possesses strong
analytical and problem solving skill, and is who is committed in delivering quality services to customers/clients.

schivor anes

Information Technology Specialist 03/2018 to Current Company Name City , State

A Primary responsibilities include production support, installation and configuration, migration, backup and recovery, performance tuning,
cloning, security, upgrades, and patches.

Planned, installed and upgraded multiple Oracle databases from 1 1.2.0.4 to 12.2.0.

Added targets to OEM 13¢ and used OEM 136 to monitored databases.

Created rules, security profiles using OEM 13c.

Performed Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN

Planned and implemented Backup strategies, used RMAN and Crontab to schedule backup.

Installed and upgraded databases from MySQL 5.6 to 5.7 and implemented mysq!d_mutti for better performance.
Migrated databases from on-premise to AWS using Database migration services.

Launched and mintained RDS and EC2 instances in AWS.

Created Snapshots, Elastic IPs, EBS Volumes, Security Groups per clients/costumers request.

Performed cross region replication with S3.

Created security groups to manage inbound and outbound rules.

Database Administrator 12/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

Pico cspeeeb oem omen ielvenpcladrace ae Bonerelamt see Relbam gre ORT CUO nd Lacecs cee
Worked with clients to analyze computing and network needs and implemented appropriate solutions within each department's budget.
Analyzed performance monitoring/tuning/troubleshooting - Oracle database performance tuning services with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF,
STATSPACK, AWR and SQL TRACE.

Installed, configured and maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Orack I 1g, and 10g RAC
servers for the purpose of disaster recovery procedures.

Generated ASH, ADDM and AWR Reports using OEM from Orack 10g, 11g and 12c database and analyzed the reports for Oracle wait
events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, and database growth.

Impkmented database re-organizations as required to improved performance and ensure maximum up-time of the database; implemented
SQL Access and SQL Tuning advisers recommendations.

Launched and mintained RDS and EC2 instances in AWS.

Created Snapshots, Elastic IPs, EBS Volumes, Security Groups per clients/costumers request.

Planned and implemented high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Orack 11gR2 Grid and 10g on ASM and
FAG SB ery sicitcn

Migrated multiple stand-alone databases to RAC databases using Reonfig, RMAN and OEM.

Migrated single instance databases from NON-ASM to ASM fik system to improve performance.

Installed Oracle 10g, 11 gand 12c software and created multiple databases including Plug-able and container databases in oracle 12c.
Impkmented TDE, Data Redaction and database Auditing to improved data integrity and security.

Applied PSU on standalone TEST environment using OPatch and same PSU (Grid and RDBMS Patching) on production cluster using
OPatch Auto.

Replicated data in real time using Oracle Golden Gate and Oracle streams.

PN sl\Zeo May cote Rteeey el te aCe) «ei hOal hd ets cot ce

Designed and implemented different backup strategies like Cold, Hot backup using RMAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups
with EXPDP/AIMPDP.

Scheduled RMAN backups, purge jobs, Maintenance Jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and OEM.
Impkmented and managed logical backup/recovery with Datapump and Export/Import utilities.

Cloned databases using RMAN and Manually using scripts.

Impknented Point In Time Recovery on one or more tablespaces to recover Jost of'a table(s) while eliminating down time for the database.
Installed SQL Server EE 2012 on windows and created databases, triggers, tables, procedures, functions and database diagrans.
Upgraded databases from 10g to 11g and to 12c using DBUA, Datapump, Manually, Transportable Tabkespace and Oracle Dataguard.

Orack Database Administrator 07/2012 to 10/2014 Company Name City , State

Prepared technical architecture proposals for enhancements and migrated an existing standalone database to RAC database.

Provided senior technical support to Developers and troubleshot performance issues and maintained high availability and security of

Chih eases

Analyzed and tuned the Database to identify potential database bottle necks such as response delay, locking contention, wait event using
tools lke STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, and TKPROF.

Collaborated and worked together with development and operations staffand resolved problems quickly and efficiently.

Maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Oracle 11g, and 10g RAC servers for the purpose of
disaster recovery procedures.

Installed, configured, deployed and monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle OEM 12c Grid Control
