ADJUNCT INSTRUCTOR

Skill Highlights

Quality Engineering Process Improvement Acceptance Testing Strategic Planning Organizational Development Requirement Assessment
Coaching & Mentoring Business Intelligence SDLC People Managerrent Team Building Data Analysis Orack SQL/MS Access Progress RDB
Power Point Data Warehousing HP Quality Center MS Test Rational software QA and PM templates MS Word/Excel MS Project Visio
Charity Software

Professional Experience

PXciea@ Gone ayy

January 1999 to November 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

Planning and Strategy 01/2014 - 11/2014 Oversaw and facilitated development, QA and production of monthly metric dashboard
packages across AIT that illustrates the organization's collective value and overall contribution for senior level reporting and review.
Successfillly led installation of the Ist service request tool for the Planning and Strategy team automating work order processing, Project
managed Communication, Quality, Risk and Implementation Managerrent following SDLC, QA and Project Management Life Cycks.
(AIT) Leadership Development Rotation Program 2012 to 2013 Leadership Development Program rotation across Annuities organizational
and fimctional departments, focused on hands-on and real scenario exposure to various executive leadership approaches and styles.
Delivered Quality and cost effective projects utilizing leadership agility, enhanced ability to read organizations and honed skills in strategy
execution,

Project managed design, QA, training and implementation of Resource Capacity Management tool for Annuities Marketing Service group
20 resources. Created, socialized and implemented project charters, project and communication plans and QA artifacts to Business
Analyst, Developers and stakehoHers.

Designed and developed the process to collect and track $29M in IT-Sourcing Business Case Multi Year Savings. Piloted and socialized
data collection process and procedures to obtain five Organizational Units executives sign off without issues. The tool and process enabled
timely, accurate and effective decision senior leadership decisions for strategic planning,

Designed and project managed the development, QA strategies and impkementation of Portfolio Management Database application leading
four offshore and two onshore resources in planning, execution & monitoring, and project impkmentation following established SDLC, QA
and Project Management Lifecycles best practices. This tool captures and reports progress and status of all Amuities Services active
projects.

Led acquisition of two Commercial off the Shelf software for AIT, 50% below whok sale by successful negotiation and package order
reconfiguration. Vendor Management kead for the enterprise procurement of HP's Requirement Management Too! (RMT) and APPTIO
(Fimancial SAAS application) by developing and implementing Request for Proposals (RFPs), Master Service Agreements (MSA) and
Statement of Work (SOW) in collaboration with Prudential Legal and Business and Senior Stakehoklers.

Developed and successfilly implemented project charter and project plans for software customization and impkmentation of APPTIO by
using approved PM tools including peer reviews and socialization to project stakeholders. Project charter was used to drive technical
requirements for collaborative work effort between APPTIO and Prudential Annuities.

Developed traceability matrices and risk based test strategies for reliable analysis with optimized test coverage and prioritized execution.
Led QA project deliveries and adherence to all Annuities Quality Assurance standards and procedure. Led test efforts on project initiatives,
working closely with project stakeholders to ensure high Quality deliverables to Annuities Technology Business Partners.

Collaborated and negotiated development of QA testing infrastructure for Information Management and Business Intelligence (MBI QA
cluster through research, development and incorporation of Business Intelligence Testing Methodology and established QA guidelines for
Data Warehouse, Data Marts, and ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) projects in line with industry practices. Socialized new IMBI QA
methodology to business clients and AIT’s analysis and development teams. This process becarne the foundation of testing procedure for
AIT QA department.

Developed and governed QA project milestones, QA test strategies, scope test plans, resource allocations and project planning for AIT's
Informtion Management and Business Intelligence by design process participation, peer and Quality Control reviews. Oversaw
development of QA strategies, test plans and test cases to migrate Prudential's Annuity system to newly established Data Warehouse, Mart
with Cognos as reporting front-end.

Managed QA validation execution, tracking and govemance of Annuities Information Factory data warehouse, the foundation of AIT’s
Business Intelligence infrastructure in QA Organization by kading two onshore and six offshore, ftom India and Ireland, in design, creation
and execution of test strategies and test plans in alignment with SDLC and Project Life Cyck.

Bridged QA SME single point-of failure gap by developing succession plans and approach though knowledge transfers, documentations
and trainings.

Monitored and reported relevant QA metrics for test performance to senior management for though use of charts and graphs for trend and
analysis. Managed prioritization of production defect resolution, validation and on-time production deployments. Defined, developed and
standardized production defect resolution infrastructure and processes for the newly formed QA Production Support team

Coordinated QA test region management including data refresh and test region trouble shooting though project planning and scheduling,
working knowledge of test environments, capabilities and user needs. This process improvement resulted to a single point of contact and
multiple call reduction.

Engineered and streamlined QA region refresh procedures resulting into a repeatable process implemented in AIT QA departrent. This
process reduced test region set-up to 5 days from its usual 9 days set up. Employed automation, batch processing, collaboration and
negotiations with IT partners to drive success.

Directed the validation 15 small projects (S50K or less) within 12 months leveraging onshore and offshore staffs following fill QA Testing
| Bion om

QA project led American Skandia and All State data acquisitions and conversions by creating and implementing QA test strategies and
plans to 12 onshore and 10 offShore consultants, communicating project status through QA metrics. Established and matured Annuities
