CONSULTANT

schivor anes

Consultant , 05/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Managed project schedule and local and remote staffto collect Water Main data and update GIS system

© Develop business process and productivity reports to manage field book scanning project and Water Main data collection project.
© Provide Application support for CIS, Infor CMMS, and Neptune AMR applications.

PEE EMieetbS so geacien ow A Rosita

¢ Assist Desktop support team with desktop and application user issues.

© Developed secure FTP scripts during implementation of CIS and AMR applications after Ransommare attack.

LONE Heo Rolin ee UsU LR RIecAul wy
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Install and configured Cityworks CMMS application, including XML modifications.

Led configuration requirements gathering effort for Cityworks application impkmentation.

Prepared and provided training for CIS, Meter Reading software, and CMMS applications.

Provided Application support for CIS, CMMS, and AMR applications.

Developed data import file youts and Crystal Reports for Lucity CMMS application.

Performed system configuration for Lucity CMMS application.

Installed and configured Infor Enterprise Asset Managerrent 11.1 application and SQL Server database.

Led System Administration team to design and configure user security for Infor Public Sector application.

Led configuration requirements gathering effort for Infor Public Sector application upgrade.

Provide Application support for CIS, CMMS, and AMR applications.

Assisted the City of Cleveland with the installation of their AMI Fixed Network.

Developed the Residential AMI Meter Deployment scheduk for City of Cleveland AMI Project.

PAE Ob sneered ec eo ROMANO ALCOR Menta my Or kUra tea bem Keep eater M eC UCIENE
Develop business process and reports to manage Automated Meter Reading meter replacerrent program for City of Atlanta, Bureau of

Drinking Water.

CEO/Corsultant , 02/2000 to 02/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Managed Griffin Technology Group budget, taxes, expenses and contracts Hired and managed employees, including scheduling client
appointments for on-site PC support service.

Developed Crystal Reports for client management team to manage business within the Customer Information System.

Gcnilccet Ronit ek Ow orl eiOn ic aoat me

Developed PL/SQL views to handle difficult data issues in reporting.

Gathered requirements for managerrent reports, application changes, and tracking software.

Developed new applications using Access and Visual basic for Application for clients to track new projects.

Provided Application Support for Maximo, Maintenance Management Software and CSTAR, Customer Information System.
Assisted System Administrators in infrastructure upgrades and daily administration of HP-UX Servers.

Information Technology Consultant , 10/1999 to 12/1999
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Developed new PL/SQL Stored Procedures and Functions to build financial summary data.
© Developed SQL queries against Oracle 8 database.

Information Technology Consultant , 08/1999 to 10/1999
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Created a new system fimctionality using Pro C code.
© Modified existing program to fix errors with other processes.
* Worked with DBA to build Oracle triggers and procedures and test programs.

pIorstconM Coeineym Genco ame esa COROT bs
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Maintained and Enhanced C and Uniface program code and Unix Shell scripts.
© Developed new application development environment for future MMI software developrrent.
© Developed new process to replace outdated or broken processes.

Information Technology Specialist , 04/1996 to 04/1998
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Provided development services to client at client's site.
