IT MANAGER

Summary

Ten years of management experience with a focus on team buikling and project management. Ten years of experience as a network engineer and
systems administrator. The majority of my experience has been working with Microsoft, Dell, HP, IBM, Symantec, McAfee, Trend Micro and
Cisco hardware and software business solutions. I have extensive experience with Microsoft Exchange Server. I am comfortable with Cisco
command line IOS, VoIP, QoS tagging, layer 2, 3 and 4 switching and packet shaping, I have used Fluke OptiView, Wireshark, NetFlow
Amalyzer, Solarwinds Network Performance Monitor and SMS to assist me in the process of identifying network bottlenecks and performance
issues. I have experience in business, education, medical and manufacturing enviroments. Recently, I have been working a great deal with Hyper-
V, VMware and data loss prevention software.

Highlights
Cie Ballets
maintenance
Day enile bee.cd
and
eet) caren
© Advanced
etn cores
© Virus and
* Software Symantec Backup Exec, System Recovery, Endpoint Protection, Trend Micro, McAfee, ESET, Acronis, ae att
ShadowProtect, GFI, Crow Canyon, Dame Ware, Wireshark, NetFlow Analyzer, Sphmk, SMS, Fluke OptiView, nn
Sokrwinds NPM, Microsoft Response Point, GP, CRM and SharePoint, rae wee
See eas ela UO) te i
¢ Hardware Servers, workstations, laptops, printers, srmart phones, routers, switches, firewalls, wireless access ma an
points, LTO autoloaders, CCTV, PBX and IP phone systems, biometric scanners and readers panier
* Applications Apache, IIS, Cisco ASDM, Cisco VPN Client, MAS 90, Sage Medical Manager, BrainTree .H aii
PACS/C-Ann, VMware, Citrix, SnurtFilter, Imail, Websense, iPrism Web Security, Hyper-V, SonicWall Global one
VPN Client, Adobe, Foxit Phantom PDF, JobBOSS, Made2Manage ERP, Word, Excel, Access Le Sit
oO

* Industries Business, Manufacturing, Education and Medical Arent
Operating Systerrs Windows 2000 Server, Server 2003, Server 2008, Server 2012, Exchange Server(2000, Pantie
2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 & associated migration tools), Cisco IOS, Linux, Mac OS

Methodologies project management, system analysis and design, business process flow ° renin

veh caleeko
diagnostic
techniques

« Advanced

Accomplishments

Saved company over $ 50,000.00 per year by refurbishing used computers and technological equipment and switching Internet providers from T1
lines to cable.

schivor anes

TT Manager , 07/2012 - Current Company Nanw - City , State

© Server installations and migrations, SonicWall firewalls, VPN installation and support, wireless access points, multilayer switches, routers,
help desk support for 3 sites, multimode fiber, Microsoft Exchange Server, Server 2012, Hyper-V installation and support, Windows XP
mode, Windows 7, Windows 8, SharePoint, Microsoft Dynamics GP/CRM, Project Server, SQL, Macola, CCTV, time and attendance
hardware and software, biometric reader installation and support, Syspine IP, Microsoft Response Point, VoIP, Creo Pro/E, Windchill,
SolidWorks, QuickBooks Enterprise, McAfee SaaS, network security, disaster recovery, infrastructure design and support, network
hardware and software troubleshooting, administration of user accounts, responsible for developing annual IT budget, responsible for IT
project management.

« Administration of group policy, Active Directory, help desk support, Hyper-V, DLP.

Information Technology Engineer , 10/2008 - 07/2012 Company Name - City , State

© Server installations and migrations, migration of databases, Exchange Server, SQL, MySQL.

© Cisco PIX and ASA 5505 installation and support, network security, wireless hardware, installation and support of Symantec Backup Exec
and Endpoint Protection, Mac OS, help desk support for multiple sites, phone system and VoIP support.

¢ Administration of group policy, Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, hardware and software troubleshooting, upgrades and migrations of legacy
software packages.

Senior Network Engineer , 10/2007 - 06/2008 Company Name - City , State

- see . oe ow era Pond ry le ed
