SENIOR DIRECTOR, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Executive Profile
A distinguish Director of Information technology with expertise in diverse range of industries within multiple industries settings globally.
Demonstrated success in Network design and management, Enterprise Resource Planning impkrrentation and management, Cloud Technologies
and Intemet Technologies. Well Organized, results oriented individual with proven ability to implement standards, processes and procedures the
improve business fimctionality. Solid managenent skills, capable of building, leading and motivating individuals to maximize productivity while
Oper MRC MLAN Ono Cm OerLor Keon ttre om calcnckenbuneineiencke ane ercthee
Sap stranency
© Smnll business development
© Project management

© Leadership/commuication skills : Seanad
: ee by oahu n cr Knowledge of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
at sevatsadapaaious siieal « Hardware and software upgrade planning
egotiations expert © Product requirements documentation
aes i oer ola ae ee
, pe arte ine Pasointilneasee ig
arent © Performance criteria tracking
CEB a SIAN
lOve coors ienanny

Saved more than $ 10 milion amortized over 3 years by using cloud technologies instead of buying new infrastructure hardware to upgrade
Paired Wome De ren tarr Kell oe

a&

PEM ne cena ROUEN Uns ont MES CEO ones oar ace ct sana eos cn omc ecm De perefeas
were compkted on-time and under budget.

ee ce RoE SEMA e hk oka ye eee CE nee het eM nlp McLee aOR Sait ant Led hg a oe

Led a successfill implementation and integration ofan acquired college into theA Weston Educational Group.A Project was completed a month
ahead of schedule and under budget.

Reduced the incidence of IT issues by 50 % globally by using visualization tools such as Tableau and DOMOA to identify trends in support tickets
Me presto mebr enn ichineca Obi elecop cee gett cce

OTe Oe Cer CL ee

eons E od yu rise ona es mon eRerli mun bumi(obceneiuel) kG l mM Pita edn nyu comUciR cas]
by students, faculty, campus administration and corporate office staffand executives. A
PE Or Maeno coro toal ee onto lecind dugeoominrangna ic pae renter) LOL oe

RY ae OILS

At Weston, restructured the teamto a smaller more flexible Combine Mined Roncenans brcehincd ainenesnacaiaccbhrer ome ict
resulted in aA 60% reduction in payroll expenseA A

CPA einueetOclcas Gel creek @ue csi A I mentored and coached employees resulting in no stafftumover and also been
recognized as one of the best Business Analyst team in Campus Management Corporation ene Bitceu lla

OAS NEN R Owe rob PENS en eule Cob i vcranee anne ned mccthiuraecn tci te nett!
implementation moduleA I devised. This increased successfill implementation by 80% and reduced implerrentation time to 4 weeks.

CPS ON RS com Elon yo Pel mona club nas cibrecen yoneneiletnosid nce obravgnl cet e|
procedures I created. Customer satisfaction increased by 75%,

RO ony ecutive MI eocnee tire R srr eck ed OHIEINanekee HELO e Reuss mentee Melek
Presented at industry conferences every year starting from 2012 on integrated solutions and automations tools to help improve efficiency and data
integrity.

ieecpenlpsumaranad

PU BSCR EU

Senior Director, Information Technology Company Nane ¥% City , State

ATO sairelto rhe Pee ee nce meacecuncNs runt oace Ribera cbs ele goer) Rian od om eK Briley
brands with campuses spread from Florida through to Califomia. As the Senior Director, I oversaw the day to day operations ofall aspects of
od ena cece Canepa Nereis ranch Mneie nee PAVESI ene nour wrens) Rs ancnisas Ee)
manage all aspects of the student matriculation froma lead, through financial aid to academics, student services and career services.

Bt

Spearheaded phone system migration to the cloud , resulting ina 99.999 % uptime in the phone system It also reduced the maintenance cost that
COCR OnCeet RNa RI. Et are SOP sien Ry SoTL

Accountable forA_ Information Technology A (IT) including overall customer satisfaction.

Managed teamofA 6 IT A professionals. I restructured the department and reduced the team to 6 generalized IT personal and outsourced
fimctions that required specialized fimctions. This reduced payroll expense by 60%.

Spearheaded cross-fimctional initiative to achieve a smooth integration of Missouri College after it was acquired into the Weston Education Group
