INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SUPERVISOR

Summary

Seeking a position as an Information Technology Specialist. Over 5 years of information technology experience in the U.S. Army, including over 1
year of supervisory experience. Trained personnel in the set-up of IT equipment, ensuring all equipment is properly connected and fimetioning.
cana melocspeeinepical Aleta e Moet renenen dome ccliniy Omi LSI ibe Bitola ce iom) Brno mueuite eee
and other communications equipment with zero losses or darmges. Possess a Security and Microsoft Certification and a Secret Security

(Oe iclewem

Highlights
© Excellent commumication techniques
* Manufacturing systems integration : reel para
© Multidisciplinary exposure are eee S
° Design asalepuasiahaai ¢ Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio
© Project managenent
Accomplishments

Amry Achieverent Medal for impacting the communications network and overall success of Key Resolve 13 in Yong San, Korea. Air Force
Achieverrent Medal for supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom and performing as an outstanding senior controler. Certificate of Achieverrent for
outstanding support as a member of the Tiger Team during the Windows 7 Migration. Good Conduct Medal for exemplary behavior, efficiency
and fidelity in active federal military service.

schivor anes

Information Technology Supervisor 01/2011 to 05/2014 Company Name City , State

© Supervise up to 10 personnel at one time, delegating tasks, conducting performance evaluations and providing corrective counseling as
Prowecta

* Train personnel in the set-up and proper use of IT related equipment whik adhering to all policies and procedures.

¢ Responsible for the inventory of over $1 million worth of network communications equipment.

© Tasked by President of the United States to act as supervisor and maintain signal communications for Fort Bragg army base.

Information Technology Technician 01/2009 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

© Maintained commumications equipment in order to effectively relay confidential and secret information.

© Utilized electronic test equipment to troubleshoot malfimctioning commumications equipment and complete repairs as necessary.

© Regularly set up and added computer systems to a communication network, installing operation systems, accessing stored programs and
Priliraieg  earere levee

© Received training in LAN/WAN protocol.

Radiology Technologist 05/2008 to 09/2008 Company Narre City , State

* Routinely performed radiological examinations ina medical clinic.

© Competent and experienced in the set-up and adjustment of medical devices or equipment.

© Regularly provided customer assistance, ensuring all patients received timely and accurate care.

* Accountable for the accurate documentation via electronic database and file system ensuring all confidentiality was maintained.

Comnnnd Post Controller 10/2001 to 10/2005 Company Name City , State

* Provided command, control, communications, and information support throughout operations during peacetime, emergency, and disaster
Sita om

© Received and relayed instructions and records, submitting manual and automated data products.

* Disseminated time-sensitive critical mformtion to senior leaders and support agencies.

Education

Certification, Windows 7, Microsoft, Fort Bragg, NC, 2012

*Certification, Security , Comptia, Yong San, Korea, 2012

*Distinguished Graduate Certificate, Information Technology (Network Communications) Course 2009 U.S. Anny City , State
Ooi U RN oe CG comer ons eB oo moan ccesirinaiAU Uo Om

Associate of Science : Radiography 2008 Northwest Florida State College City , State Radiography

Certificate 2001 IT Tech Prep, Trumbull Career and Technical Center State

Diplo 2001 Warren G. Harding City , State

als

Amy, Cisco, counseling, customer assistance, database, documentation, Information Technology, inventory, IP, LAN, Windows 7, Network,
personnel, policies, protocols, repairs, Routing, San, supervisor, test equipment, troubkeshoot, WAN
