VICE PRESIDENT INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
Professional Summary

ommend ccm aug etn Mirmtentetonercras tarry Sugeest ens awe enc era
who is passionate about developing people and teams to reach their greatest potential. A thought leader that partners with business to drive
strategy ftom conception to execution. A team player that phces a priority on networking, relationship buikding and diversity to achieve the greatest
possible outcome. A progressive technology leader with an innovative and growth mindset.

als
© People Centered Leadership
© Strategic & Tactical Planning
© Software Engnneering
© Designing & Architecting Systems

* Coaching and Talent Development
© Building a Culture of Innovation and Engagement
* Transformation and Change Advocate

Work History
Vice President Information Technology - Software Engineering , 03/2018 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* LeadingA all aspects of IT Application Development and Corporate Systems teams encompassing 100+ IT associates plus consultants, $20
m budget, key capital trans-formative projects for the full life-cycle of delivering world classA business solutions.

© Supporting company-wide Fit for Growth initiative which focuses on improving customer and associate experience by transforming business
processes and kveraging modem technology solutions replacing antiquated systems.

© Leading technology transformtion focused on re-pktforming legacy core systems to a cloud and microservices/containers-based
architecture running on the AWS platform. A This allows Safelite IT to deliver business value faster (improved speed to market by~20%).

Meccan cei acnaceaeecce moran Meanie arctic coh nace Tock etd
OU cmt

Assistant Vice President - Solutions Delivery , 07/2015 to 03/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Defined and executed product vision for Safelite’s overall core systems architecture that drives business growth from 5 national contact

centers, 600+ retail locations, 6000 mobile technicians, 90 warehouses, 2 distribution centers, multiple customer driven responsive web

applications and customer app engagement tools.

Drove adoption of agile methodologies across technology tears and business units.A

Built high-performance and autonomous agile product teams that are highly engaged with Safelite's business teams to deliver product value

Fo mev ears o is

© Extended Safelite's core systems to enable the overall OMNI channel vision for Safelite to be able to seamlessly service customers on
central, unified platform that provides consistent service regardless of customer channel of choice.

DMN lrteniaranccsitheagkelccyremere Tel onenirntucmmncle tector et a \ciar ow Croat ecke iMac cNa once ona ceRe (a aire)
chat, multi-modal self-service experience, chat bots pilot, IVR via AWS connect, A personalized promo codes, email campaigns kveraging
sales force marketing cloud ete.

* Launched "Road to Innovation” program to engage/motivate team members and promote innovation in leading the change and adopting
emerging technologies to renovate systems and improve customer experience.

Ce CES oti Kld a Zee oes ence. lar ke Lie LL on hy ia se SURE L Kean lad
ToC OWN

© Sunsetted kegacy AS-400 by moving customer case managerent tool to sales force service cloud and sales data to BI platform

© Oversaw the implementation ofnew enterprise integration platform Muksoft.

Director Of Technology , 04/2013 to 072015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Managed successfil delivery of web responsive self-serviced digital portals for policyholders, agents, insurance chinyadjusters and cash
OTN ie

© Led legacy safelite.com site upgrade to modem web responsive self-service site. Online conversion and self-service usage went up from
YORU NRC mci 7

* Managed the design & implementation of new services layer with restful APISA to enable echo systems for other insurance carriers to
integrate.A

Peer Ga anencientuters eck eo Uli bom cameiciensiiaeit PMS ICuL OB Ob ibelteck inom arsiceOg
puaoee besten .

© Oversaw the implemnntation ofA new inventory management and forecasting systems to Orack EBS and GAINS.

Information Technology Manager , 02/2008 to 04/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Transformed Safelite's systems and IT teams for Safelite Solutions, Safelite AutoGlass and Service AutoGlass business units from kgacy
platforms and run-support teams to modem systems and smmalkr product teams capable of extending needed business fimetionality and
supporting Safelite's growth.
