ASSISTANT INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT) DIRECTOR
Summary
A high performing and energetic portfolio, program, and project management professional with proven track record and consistent commendations
for delivering large-size mission critical programs and projects of excellent quality in very political and ean environments. Innovative leader and
very adept in agile strategic planning and analysis to optimize operations and push forward new business initiatives through a winning collaborative
approach.

Highlights
* Management information systems : panne een
SRP etl cudeacc oie Gao a Unsurpassed work ethic
i, aaah ¢ Cost reduction and containment
ee © Systems implementation

schivor anes
January 2011 to Current
Company Name City , State Assistant Information Technology (IT) Director

Led the organization towards eligbility in the eHealth Exchange Information Network which will allow the county providers to exchange
patient informtion with other federal agencies non- federal organizations through a secure, trusted, and interoperable network.

Completed detailed survey of the county's privacy, security, confidentiality, and information exchange policies as part of the onboarding
process and execution of the Data Use and Reciprocal Agreement.

Facilitated the processing of the Entrust Subscriber Agreerrent (public certificates and keys) documents.

Outcome: Upon submission of the application, the eHealth Exchange Committee awarded the county immediately as "eligible" to participate
in the eHealth Exchange Network due to the comprehensiveness documentation.

Accelerated the organizations participation in nationwide quality efforts and maturity surveys energizing our staff, enhancing the organization's
RDIaP Them) SLO Teceeete reece ecm Ug Lees (ccccm

Outcome: Application and review processes were expedited.

* Organization was awarded Stage 6 Maturity (from Stage 2) for Electronic Medical Record (EMR) Adoption in kess than 3 months.

January 2007 to December 2010
Company Name City , State IT Supervisor

© Executed the enterprise information technology strategy and worked closely and partnered with the Health Services CIO and stakeholders
(clinical, business, detention) to establish project and program governance, understand and document the business needs, advocate effective
application deployment strategies, and develop high kvel project road maps.

© Outcone: Clear project prioritization throughout the enterprise which addressed limited resource issues.

Sample projects: Appointent Reminder System, Document Imaging System, Timekeeping System, Wristband ID Deployment, Dictation

Scr moles Elen ee

Supervised, led, coached, and mentored approxintely 12 - 25 Application Support and Project Management staff in all phases of the IT

operations and project lifecycle using Lean and agile project management methodologies.

Outcome: Stronger project visibility and customer relationships; maturity in ters of organizational project management and service

management methodologies; expedited help desk ticket resolution minimizing project risks.

Sample Project-related skills shared with staff Project Charter, Project Timeline, Resource Allocation, Issues Documentation,

Communications Technique, Lessons Leamed, Release Checklist, and others.

A PAN tee oe Beco oaw40t
Company Name City , State Senior Management Information Systems Analyst

Developed a comprehensive map and fit-gap review and analysis of the clinical workflow and electronic medical records requirements at the
different arrbulatory and detention facilities in Santa Clara County.

Outcome: Enhanced staffawareness of existing processes and steps needed to attain towards the fiture state for better clinical flow,
improved immate care and effective implementation of the electronic medical record (EMR).

Led a cross-fimetional and multidimensional Lean Six Sigma process improvement team composed of clinical and business staffand
compkted a gap analysis to streamline and expedite the Operating Room (OR) scheduling and billng processes.

Outcone: Bills were resubmitted and processed within the same week which improved the revenue dramatically.

December 2000 to June 2005
Company Name City , State Program Administrator

© Defined, managed, and owned the three year IT project and program roadmap, project and features prioritization, and release strategy of
the web enablement of'a 20/7 statewide enterprise case management, reporting, and payment system (for over 6,000 health and human
services providers from the public and private sectors) including the successfull on-boarding of tenants and 300% expansion of user
database with very minimal workflow interruption.

© Outcome: Public and private service providers were able to use the case management system and they were able to provide same day
services to our clients in need without duplication of services.

Initiated and ked the inclusion of HIPAA guidelines, Privacy Ruk, and IT Security policies to the department workflow and applications by
