INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
Qualifications
© Strong communication skills Web application design
Working independently HTML
Leadership Adobe Acrobat Professional
UMC orem Neluem wb etoitee)
Requirements gathering Adobe Dreamweaver
Software Development Life Cycle Windows Server 2008
principles (SDLC) Windows Server 2012
Project Management Active Directory
System administration SQL.
Help desk administration Microsoft Office
Database Design SAP Business Objects/Web Intelligence
Microsoft SharePoint ASP.net, business operations, C++, database development, disaster recovery, forms
Claes MMU CR Oe cm SO RU IMMuon imine ei mena cctneaendaecl My La eciytG
Access, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle database, PL/SQL, personnel managerent, purchasing,
report writing, requirements gathering, SQL, strategic planning, user manuak, training mnterials,
troubleshooting, upgrade, web development, workflow

schivor anes
Information Technology Manager
April 2005 to Current Company Name - City , State

© Managed computer support staff of college serving over 150+ employees Responsibk for planning and implerrentation of major
modifications/upgrade to the entire computing environment of the college Involved in IT Govermance efforts of the campus to develop
infrastructure and security policy Overseen help desk support which included troubleshooting hardware, software and Windows servers
Managed muttiple projects (varying in scope, time frame and difficulty) to develop applications or other IT solutions for various needs of the
SENNA EUeT CRUG Ce

¢ Administer data needs of the college including data security, database development/maintenance and report generation Responsible for the
purchasing appropriate computing equipment that would fit the various needs of the college Faculty and staff

So vaalis
June 2003 to April 2005 Company Name - City, State

* Managed efforts of staff to accomplish various tasks related to new system migration project.

¢ Generate SQL for data population and complex report writing using PL/SQL and Crystal Reports 9 to accommodate new system migration
pceae

* Maintain and improve existing databases used to manage every-day workflow.

© Created several tools using Visual Basic and SQL to assist over 80+ Housing Specialists improve accuracy of data fiks needed for
mandatory reporting to the federal government.

Graduate Assistant-Technical Writer
January 2002 to May 2003 Company Nam - City , State

* Developed user manuals and training materials for computer systems used by police.
Ca reeneos

© Tested web and client server applications to ensure that user requirements were met.
© Utilzed web development tools to create on-line user’s manuals.

Co-Founder, Business Manager
Deven vcwANO MORO rican nant coe Ol eer

© Managed all aspects of business operations of non-profit performance arts organization.
© Developed marketing materials for release to community entities.
© Wrote grants to secure fimding for youth and out-of school time programs.

Applications Developer
October 2000 to July 2001 Company Name - City , State

Cee eet uiccm om ed his Cich mim anlage ma ccnnemellinury al alee t sania cate
® resource usage ofan internal service group to the entire global organization.

© Lead development team in requirements gathering tasks.

© Provided support for billing systems involving troubleshooting complex queries.

Programmer Analyst
June 1995 to September 2000 Company Nan - City , State

Pn er Conn reward ee oe a a toe De Ler ene CMe De coe
