INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Summary
Dedicated Information Assurance Professional A well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. Excels at boosting
performance and productivity by establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines.A Versatile IT professional with 37 years of Enterprise design
and engineering methodology.
Skills

* Enterprise phtforns

* Knowledge of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), eee .
© Project tracking 7
A SS a hleyuorara@aelerawea (cyt)

aiid ie aaliabaek dae P s CC Ue Bion Mmncoiumenics) ey irerid
° bre pi ahaiialiaha tla © Workstation build and deployment
i, ve wes PRS GlePatcucnelielle ie mie thi cct
een © Red Hat Enterprise Linux installation and hardening
aren ren SeaDoo bln coulis
Re Ceca ett! « A High Performance Computing
© Data storage engineering

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Information Technology 02/2011 to Current

T was hired to manage accreditation efforts for a major department modemization project involving 3 accreditation packages each leading to
successfill Authorization To Operate decisions. Responsibilities then increased to include all departrental accreditation efforts leading to another 3
successfill ATOs. Now, working on 4 new accreditation including re-authorization for an existing project. Succeeded in writing and impkmenting
vulnerability management for existing accredited systems. Success of the accreditation hinged on coordination with ONI Enterprise in critical design
decisions and to help the program integrate smoothly into the Enterprise thru many meetings, analyzing the Enterprise business model to understand
the best fit for the Mee OT eine yee) ce Race Meme ans Tol eee) Lodi LaCS UO foun) Diao e BL Melonus omit ellie a
SS DeSean ieee Bud aoecel ken aut niu cee AA Analyzed complex computer systems to assess vulnerability and
tisk.A A Supervised 5 external computer consultants and vendors.A A Managed application patches, data backup, security changes and
network configuration.

Company Name City , State Systems Engineer 02/2006 to 02/2011

T was Hired to initiate processing strategies in fulfllmg departrrent analyst requirements. Requirements were filfilled thru i dentifying product
problems and strengths and collected data on customer experienceA and review of Enterprise compliance to transition to new technology for
supporting new processing needs thru proper processing power.A The next challengeA came as storage requirements for better performance and
more controlled uses. Affer carefull study of local infrastructure design, a local storage with off the shelf solutions was adopted to grow local
storage to over 200TB. In using this solution, the department saved just over a milion dollars in purchasing and maintenance costs compared to the
alternative. Next came requirements to improve processing of fiture big data formats fulfilled ina Red Hat Linux high compute cluster I designed,
purchased and accredited for operation in the Enterprise.A Improvement on big data analytical processing reduced time from 30 hours to 30
minutes as well as allow for more robust data thru higher selections of sensors, frequencies and range than allowed thru the traditional process.
Company Name City , State Senior Systems Analyst 02/1999 to 02/2006

T was hired to improve corporate and client communications and processing requirements which resulted in the design, build and deployment of 3
Enterprise network solutions. One solution resulted in expanding capabilities to supporting Washington Navy Yard, Norfolk Virgnia and Hawaii
support facilities. Fulfilled requirements for detecting crucial network software/hardware weaknesses and developing preventive strategies and
solutions for avoiding interruptions and increasing system security thru documenting system layouts, wiring diagrams and addressing scherm to
understand layouts and make informed solutions to upper management.

Education and Training

Associate of Science : Electronic Engineering 1980 Florence Darlington Technical School , City , State

Electronic Engineering A A

Dean'sA Ist for high GPA.A

(Ol Lce vic s(aie Oaeun eR city

Skills

coe Dicauesy

Hardware Engineering

Information Technology

Red Hat Enterprise Linux Servers
MS Windows Servers

MS Windows Desktop

Network Design & Troubleshooting
PAwnemttic @ Braue es
Accreditation Boundarys

a oteleeneng

Silay remsicslgy ec

Aone Casitens

Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML,
Steed
