INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANT

Highlights

Software: MS Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, CRM, Adobe Acrobat XI Hardware: Build, repair and upgrade desktop
Professional, Snag-ItTM, Hot Docs (legal document generation software), MS computers. Repair and upgrade laptop computers.
Aree (VACHE UR ANT  connc seal Ll cal cn Install and setup servers, printers and routers.
schivor anes

Information Technology Consultant , 12/2009 to 02/2016 Company Name i% City , State

Basie computer network setup and troubleshooting.

IHRE chores ecm

(QUn Nicmestarlnanauctecm omer ecscy

Microsoft Excel spreadsheet creation.

Accomplishments: Setup network for sill non-profit organization.

Created organizational spreadsheets for daily operations and marketing for srrall businesses.
Upgraded SQL and Tire Matters for Edward S.Chay, P.A.

Office Administrator/Billmg Assistant , 08/2015 to 01/2016 Company Name 1% City , State

7 Co COR EU OSI ence en LeResaribeckeaecr irene

Created airtime spreadsheets and assists with revenue reporting.

Assisted with data entry into an intemal billng system (UCAP).

Assisted with downloading various airtime carrier's invoices and data files.
Assisted with monthly airtime billng using UCAP.

Assisted with the activation/deactivation of SIMs/devices.

Ran usage and airtime reports as requested by the customer.

Reconciled each carrier’s charges to UCAP output.

Placed orders, received and shipped packages.

Funding & Settlement Coordinator/Office Manager , 08/2011 to 08/2015 Company Name i City , State

Responsible for getting clients’ assets re-titled into their respective trusts.

Enter client data onto database and legal document generation software.

Build long-termrelationships with trust maintenance clients.

Order office supplies and legal document supplies.

Poe he bece

Assist clients with questions, problems and concems.

CccadiCrCR Perk Slurteliess Ore kt eelins

Schedule appointments.

Manage attomey's calendar.

Print legal documents and prepare delivery binders.

Review legal documents for formatting errors and missing information.

Witness clients’ signatures on legal documents.

Notarize certain signatures.

Generate fimding instructions for trust clients both Family Legacy and "Documents Only” clients.
Troubleshoot and maintain computer network and workstations.

Accomplishments: Develop great working relationships with trust maintenance clients.
Conca ane mene RY dev enkoers) eyireng rane

Manage the probate process for multiple estates at the same time whik ako overseeing the fimding of assets to new and existing clients for
revenue generation.

Manage the office, performed Client Services Coordinator tasks and handled Funding & Settlement Coordinator tasks alone ona daily
ye

Student Operations Specialist , 01/2002 to 12/2009 Company Name 1% City , State

Prepared student reports for multiple state regulatory agencies and national accreditation agency, ACCET (Accrediting Council for
Continuing Education and Training) Answered phones.

Data entry of new enrollments and materials assigned to each.

Reported inventory and distribution of student classroom muterials data to CFO ona monthly basis.
Developed complex spreadsheets to analyze qualitative and quantitative data using Excel and Visual Basic.
Published & updated student policy catalog.

Responsible for protecting students’ privacy when records were requested by third parties.

Managed course scheduling for all 25 schools as well as all student records and transcripts.

Reviewed feedback from potential students after first visit to school for quality control purposes.
Maintained records of comphints.

[Ov lsleelc eee ale ces peli cecm

Accomplishments: Saved company over $4 million by strengthening controls on textbook inventory.
