VICE PRESIDENT, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Executive Profile

Performance-driven IT executive experienced in buikding technology organizations that make IT a strategic partner of the company. Creates IT
competitive advantages in capability and scale by leveraging best-in-class inffastructures. Highly experienced in buikling, improving, and tuming

around IT organizations.
Skill Highlights
Ce OMS © Teambuilding
COM Elcrard © Enterprise phtforns
© Project management * Business continuity
© Business Intelligence Ce Siem eueia sd
© Cloud computing © Budgeting/Cost control
¢ SOX, HIPAA, GLBA = «_IT Infrastructure

Professional Experience
Vice President, Information Technology
Noverber 2012 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Represent Information Technology as a member of the senior leadership team with oversight ofall tactical and strategic aspects of corporate
OMS Sot

Manage and lead six-person team that oversees all IT Infrastructure and Business Intelligence operations at one of the largest United Ways
in the nation ($38M Revenue).

Responsible for $1M annual IT budget including staffing, operations, purchasing, and vendor management with an emphasis on cost savings
ire Bisl Pes akiat ese) Theis

Engineered strategic evolution of Salesforce CRM with the implementation of email marketing, event registration, credit card purchasing,
and volunteer managenent systems.

Designed and executed IT portion of corporate headquarters move to a new 64,000 sq. ff. building with zero downtine.

Oversaw the creation of'a dedicated, IT business intelligence group and structured development environment in strategic support of CRM,
data warehouse, and financial reporting systems.

Technology engineering and support of 2-1-1 call center that processes 100,000 to 150,000 calls per year (50% of Colorado's statewide
2-1-1 calls).

Recovered tens of thousands of dollars per year by consolidating and renegotiating IT contracts, implementing infrastructure lifecycle
managenent, standardizing PC and server O/S imnges, utilizing refirbished equipment, and implementing virtualization technologies.

* Impkmented company’s first comprehensive monitoring and metrics of application, network and server availability/performance.
© Responsible for mission critical support of all computer, network, and telecom infrastructure including 175 Windows 7/8 workstations and

35 Windows 2008/2012 servers.
Team mnintains over 99.9% uptime for all mission critical hardware and software platforms.

Director, IT Infrastructure
March 2008 to Noverrber 2012 Company Name 14 City , State

Directly responsible for mission critical support ofall computer, network, and telecom infrastructure including 800 Windows XP/Windows 7
workstations and 160 Windows 2003/2008 servers at 28 treatment centers, five operations offices, and two co-location facilities.

As the strategic and technical IT lead, built, manage, and backup eight person team including Network Engincer, System Administrator,
Help Desk Manager and IT Support Specialists.

Responsible for all new hire and terminate activities, staff scheduling, mentoring, and reviews.

Consistent record of delivering major IT projects on time and under budget including: integrations of newly acquired treatment centers, new
treatment center builds, treatment center moves, co-location deployment, and co-location relocation.

¢ Maintain over 99.9% uptime for network infrastructure using an MPLS WAN with VPN over Internet redundancy.

Maintain over 99.9% uptime for server infrastructure using high availability software (Citrix and Doubk-Take) and hardware (RAID, UPS,
and hot spares) to support company treatment planning systems, record and verify systems, ervail, and all inffastructure servers.

Designed, deployed, and tested company’s first Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery infrastructure for core billing, financial and
SHLD aU CE TSe

Impkmented company's first comprehensive IT monitoring of network, server, power and temperature health using APC, HP, SolarWinds
monitoring took.

Responsible for $2M OpEx and $2M CapEx IT budgets including staffing, hardware and software purchasing, tekecom, BC/DR, and travel.

© Responsible for IT compliance with HIPAA and PCI regulations and have designed infrastructure to be complaint with SOX regulations for

the future.
Recovered up to $100,000/yr by consolidating billing and vendors, renegotiating IT contracts, impkmenting infrastructure lifecycle
management, standardizing PC and server O/S images, and modeling VMWare-based virtualization,

© Coordinate and manage all communications between business operations and corporate IT.
Cae Palo erceBimarninniosU Bocas dice Om ci cmnaam iouniLens mr amleditralmeci aw ib 6

Team responsible for closing 800+ IT support tickets per month.

Manager, IT Operations - Windows
