FREELANCE IT CONSULTANT
Career Overview
Highly skilled, results-driven Information Technology Specialist/Consultant with experience in business operations, infrastructure managerent,
software/hardware support, high/low end PC and Microsoft Server administration, and software development. Core Strengths Excellent critical
and analytical skills Business process management Superior organizational, interpersonal, and Advanced level hardware and software time
mmnagernnt testing Effective listening and communication Content management systems skills Mobik application development Troubkshooting
and problem solving Accurate customer needs assessment proficiency Exceptional telephone etiquette Intelligent project management Vast
technical knowledge and experience
Qualifications

* Excelient critical and analytical skills

Sail

Active Directory, Active Directory, Application Development, budget, Business Management and Developrrent, business operations, business
phn, C++, hardware, Network and systems, consultation, Consulting, client, clients, client support, databases, database, Designing, Document
mmnagenent, graphics, HTML, itmeging, Information security, Information Technology, Java, LAN, Director, managing, access, C#, Microsoft
Office, Microsoft Office products, Windows 7, Windows, Windows 8.1, Windows 2000, 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows XP,
Runt tai ee Mahe @ ee ttcle oem cinerea He CHOmn Caen acaal nS aeh oie nam h oie ncm ell EN aie Lemon lunery aa nny
organizational, PC Repair and Support, Copier, PHP, Printer, problem resolution, processes, project plans, reporting, servers, scripts, Software
design, MS SQL, SQL, strategic, technical support, systems support, Upgrading, Vista, Visual Basic, website design, XML

Aug oanan at acs

Freelance IT Consultant

© Worked closely with technology vendors and distributors to gain access to equipment, software and accessories to keep technology costs
within budget.

© Designed and implemented PC and laptop re-inmmging process to lower operating system installation and configuration from 14 hours down
to 1 1/2 hours per computer.

© Provided expert technical support and problem resolution to all customers.

Information Technology Specialist , 04/2012 4 Current Company Name 14 City , State

© Acting as liaison between all departments to meet and exceed industry standards for technology requirements, business operations and
No tele acelin

Developing and managing project plans and reporting status updates to the IT Director, COO and Executive Director.
Increasing efficiency of infrastructural technologies and organizational processes.

Executing a self-created business plan designed to lower overall business operations cost by 81%,

Training over 400+ employees to use Windows 7 Professional, Windows 8.1 as well as; other Microsoft Office products.
Creating a strategic business plan to join technology and business operations together.

Upgrading Network hardware, software and accessories.

PSE BCU a POM CHIEU te sol eHMILe HEIDE bit suaar ang i cee ncccce

Sharing Network and systems management responsibilities.

Overseeing remote client support and services.

Finalizing a migration froma Novell Network to Microsoft Active Directory on Windows Server 2012.

Designing and planning to install Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager SCCM).

Writing batch scripts to allow 200+ clients to access Microsoft Tenrinal Services in an Active Directory enviroment.

Information Technology Consultant Network Solution/Owner , 04/2007 #4 12/2012 City , State

* Provided consultation for appropriate business software and efficient hardware solutions.

Acted as linison between my clients, vendors and product distributors.

Configured LAN's and WLAN's.

Designed, tested, installed and monitored client Networks, computers, home theater and multi-media equipment.
Analyzed system and registry data for infected computers and servers.

© Sold and installed highly efficient Network equipment for quicker database response times.

Help Desk Specialist , 08/2011 i#4 04/2012 Company Name it4 City , State

Provided technical support for all network applications.

Monitored and advised for standards relating to client-side interfaces, website design and graphics development.

Served as an operating system expert and provided advanced technical support for all employees within the school district.

Improved reliability of education software, systems and databases.

Worked with clients to analyze computing inefficiencies, then recommended and implemented appropriate technologies that fit within the
school district's budget.

Maintained composure and patience when faced with difficult customer situations.

Assisted in migrating froma Novell Network to a Microsoft Active Directory environment on Windows Server 2008.

Shared the task of re-imaging 3000 computers with a self created, custom built Windows 7 Professional to complete an operating system
PerruceO Lem iceETM WUih<COLNoD ta
