VP OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Executive Profile
A results oriented technology leader with over 18 years of IT experience, 8 years of supervisory experience. Passionate about collaborating with
key stakeholders to develop information technology vision and strategy by efléctively building organization, processes, inffastructure and services in
support of short and long-term business needs. Understands the business value of available tools and applications as to provide optimal strategic
ecraiaciali deena eka
Skill Highlights

© IT Governance © Contract Negotiations

© Team Leadership © Disaster Recovery Plans

« Systerrs Integration © IT Operations

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Ca ieorencin brag bene ioneiialbiieca mehr Leceei clnmennn SURE Bic Poabace ae laeB Leestioe
productivity while lowering the need of IT support.A This includes vendor contract negotiation, which resulted in the cost of the new phone
system to be covered with no out of pocket expenses.

Managed muttiple IT Projects that resulted in increased productivity, performance and revenue.

¢ Enhanced communications between our nationwide offices using Video Conferencing, saving over $50,000 a year in travel costs.

Worked with Marketing to integrate our CRM and other systems with our Marketing systervs, which resulted in realtime feedback to
marketing and end users of client actions.

Converted VMWare to Hyper-V which resulted in lower costs & quicker recovery as part of the DRP.

Designed, Implemented and maintained a Disaster Recovery Plan that reduced recovery time from 4 days to 2 hours, potentially saving the
company from catastrophic downtire.

Initiated a Task management system that resulted in better communication and increased productivity from the team A This kept all
stakehoders in the loop on project status.

¢ Using qualitative and quantitative techniques, discovered numerous ways to improve current systems, saving Bradkey-Mortis over $250,000
a year,

Mentored and coached employees resulting in a 25% increase in productivity,

History of increasing infrastructure performance and increasing uptime to nearly 100%, saving the company over S5M a year in revenue.
Quickly gained expertise in the company’s CRM that resulted in saving the company over $600,000 in consulting fees.

Increased sakes and reduced costs by cutting manual quoting process time by 80% through design and implementation ofa new automated
feeluaecsi ated

© Spearheaded the design and build of'a commissions system that resulted in recovering over $2.5M in unaccounted commissions due.

Professional Experience

VP of Information Technology 07/2014 to 03/2017 Company Name City , State Hired to transform the IT department, which was successfil
within the first few months. A Developed an IT strategy designed to increase sales and business process efficiency, and lower costs and company
risk. Built and managed a highly effective team of employees, vendors, and service providers. Reporting to the CEO, responsible for all information
Ronny eur cat nomen Cerccelr remind nance na nor cme Wcomic sna aU Mite ccmnnanitrcancneinek or meee
staff mentoring and reviews.

VP of Information and Security Technology 02/2009 to 05/2014 Company Name City , State Lead all IT operations, including purchasing, budget
AME oe Ceased a armen honicm umn kd es ounce mccornekeiMcorce re Tera tad
Saks on Demand. Train employees on system use, workflow procedures, and technology policies. Manage employees in connection with IT
fimctions.A Manage outside vendors and consultants as needed. Served as the HIPAA compliance officer. A Worked with marketing and the VP
of Product Developrent to align new products concepts with corporate technology and corporate strategic goals.

Director of Information Technology 02/2006 to 02/2009 Company Name City , State

Managed all information security to follow HIPAA Compliance guidelines. A Advise the CEO and other executives on advanced technology
solutions, A Began serving on the Executive Management Team Met with client executives to determine client needs, project requirements, and
feasibility; translate the needs into technical requirements. A Established high fimctioning lean IT department to quickly respond to internal and
external IT support requests. A Bolstered system performance through design and development of new Electronic Data Processing system by
leveraging expertise with Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server, and ASP.NET. Oversaw all areas of Infrastructure.

Information Technology Manager 02/2003 to 02/2006 Company Name City , State
Continued to improve and expand the Commissions Tracking Application. A Gained expertise in the companies CRM and digitally integrated the
Commissions Tracking System with the CRM. A Increased system uptime from 80% to over 99% by implementing new Hyper-V virtual

Po Rn Mei ew eS bete anemic akan cranes ren kart eucnchinaln cr ccm omiinenininek csr ner
use and uniformity.

FN res LOD ae aml SPU A ORAL Ee aN nO hmm OIC

Spearheaded major, year-long initiative to plan, design, build, and implement an ETL commission database system utilizing SQL databases and
ASP.Net, including data analysis reporting that recovered more than $2.5M in "lost" commissions. A Provided some end-user desktop support.

Education
