INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST(DISCOUNTPCFIX)
Summary

Tam obsessed with technology. It's power to change everything. Technology fils my passion and commitment to helping organizations do what
they set out to. When I engage, I bring fresh ideas that help your team galvanize performance. Refine your strategy. Spark new energy.
The fiturea€'and how we get thered€”depends on those who build, connect, create and transform our world.

Accomplished with over 10 years of information technology support experience.

Highly articulate Capable experienced installing and updating hardware and software systems for users. Known for efléctively optimizing systerrs
to meet changing denmnds, enhancing collaboration and improving security.

Experienced Operations Analyst with first-rate skills in organizing, problem solving and project management. Ready to apply experience and
abilities to take on new professional challenges.

Passionate and driven professional with remarkable analytical and problem solving skills.

Expert quality assurance tester offering five years of experience in detailed technical and system specifications.

Provides a collaborative style and has well-developed communication skills. Secking a role in test reporting and defect resolution.
Well-rounded team player with dynamic written and verbal communication skills.

Hardworking and resourcefil team player.

History of going above and beyond to achieve notable results.

Offering excellent blend of technical aptitude and creative ability. Inspires design teams with engaging management techniques and innovative

thinking. Resourcefil Technical Support Engineer polished in restoring system functionality by quickly assessing and resolving diverse hardware
Bie exoyiclice eel) Cito

Skills

* Issue escalation © Server and System Administration

¢ Reporting and analysis Cae cea Ooms Erstad

© Quality control * Program installations

* Schematic understanding Cs ieyincslcm ected

© Critical thinking © Server improvements

© Data management © Data backups

* Network Administration Cae urocamiistiioians

© Experience in leadership * Security technologies

© Improverrent plan knowkdge « Network configuration

PETE scars ot © Time management

© Hardware repair Paws Picanol cee

© Computer configurations CaO ucoatnaies cist

* System upgrades CRESS lPA CU geercitclbe gy

CP everectibetri (tee * Microsoft Office

© Organizational keadership CR Eeliieg

* Troubleshooting and Maintenance © Apple iOS Technician

Cee Setioiensicectiy © Help desk assistance

© Power and hand tool use « Application software testing

* Troubleshooting and repairs Pam \yConrariteslesbyliney

© Preventative maintenance « Information Systems Security Professional

© Teleconmumications systems « Advanced knowledge of Windows OS

© Component repairs « Advanced knowledge of Google Chrome OS

CR itr eine * Soldering

© Part inspections * Database management

© Friendly, positive attitude © Technical knowledge ofserver system softwares

COPA Reo niubcitei * Servers, storage systems, network equipment, PCs or notebooks of any brands.
schivor anes

Information Technology Specialist(Discountpefix) | 11/2011 - Current Company Name - City, State

* Assisted client with new computer and network equipment purchases.

Updated or installed software for customers to ensure computer efficiency.

Checked in computers and performed diagnostics for repair.

Backed up data each evening, helping alleviate lost information following mabvare incident.

Updated software versions with patches and new installations to close security loopholes and protect users.
