STAFF PHARMACIST
Summary

Patient and professional excellence oriented Pharmacist with Doctor of Pharmacy and Master in Science degrees. Nine years of retail experience
providing outstanding pharmacy services ina high-volume setting. Strong background in science and clinical pharmacology and excellent
interpersonal skills with a track record of establishing positive relationships with customers, co-workers, medical professionals, and insurance
providers. Enthusiastic about acquiring new clinical knowledge and experience ina hospital setting,

Committed to providing highest quality pharmaceutical services and personal patient care as an essential link in disease management. Dedicated to
deliver peak performance as well as fast and accurate medication dispensing. Capable and able to demonstrate versatility in adapting to every-
increasing complexity in the healthcare industry.

Highlights
siti neler enae deal eet eee nore ist
apie Nene roerete tren
i cn oe Rn een bee rites
eA rapa vai aasindid ¢ Efficient and Accurate
, a ie ment Pe Skelter cntettes Baris)
Sabon tetccrts elaine. contre © Excellent Telephone Etiquette
Peon bole cern SPU Cs eric k@er nue s in @AuLalaicnycliles
* Proficient with software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, * High Level of Organizational and Personal Skills
Access) ‘ BOIS remnskOn oncom Mobeni mn unieyioolmee Bwana)

Level

Ability to Identify and Solve Potential Problem
Po area ty

© Recognized for ability to manage a high volume of patient accounts.

* Consult with hundreds of physicians and patients to fill prescriptions, review side effects, discuss drug interactions and resolve medication
loi teag cele) cate

Improved drug-inventory management system to reduce waste and eliminate back orders.

Cultivated strong network ina community, resulting ina new patient enrollments.

Improved morale of coworkers by rewarding good work performance, leading by example and using humor to diffise stressful situations.
Transhted pharmacy communications for Russian speaking customers and recruited new customers.

Professional Experience
12/2002 to 04/2009
Staff Pharmacist Company Name 14 City , State

Manage ancillary staff in fulfillmg more than 1,500 prescriptions weekly. Consult with physicians and patients with regard to medication dosage,
drug interactions, medical equipment, disease management and potential side effects of prescription and OTC medications.

Dispense and compound prescriptions, and maintain accurate patient records, dosing information and directions for use. Interact with HMOs and
other insurance providers conceming billng/reimbursement issues. Keep abreast of new developments within the pharmaceutical industry.

Proficiently processed and dispensed written, oral and electronic prescriptions.

QU rer ican alee nama IoiancenwlecmlvarlymiiaLelt ate

Provided critical information and advice to customers regarding possible drug interactions, side effects, dosage and proper medication
Cole nem

Strictly maintained customer and patient confidentiality.

Maintained proper storage and security conditions for all drugs.

Mastered HEB Phanmacy Standard Operating Procedures (SOPS).

Maintained updated records such as pharmacy fils, patient profiles, charge system fiks, inventories and poison or controlled drug registries.
(en) an alice ach ce mp neiticnerneB ie ae ruicelencR\Ul Rot acm ccec ony

Advised customers on the selection of over the counter products, healthcare supplies, dietary and herbal supplements.

Consistently upheld proper pharmacy and general safety procedures and standards.

Oversaw the phanmcy technicians’ drug preparation and distribution activities to provide safe, efficient care for patients.

Followed state and federal record keeping guidelines for legend drugs and controlled substances.

Appropriately resolved customer issues, comphints and questions.

Managed pharmacy inventory through proper medication ordering, retums and inter-store transfers.
