AMC COMPUTER SPECIALIST AND INTERN
Summary

Information Technology Specialist with twenty nine years of experience launching environments focused on telecommunications concepts,
principles methods, practices and solutions. Savvy, compassionate, impact oriented performer with attention to detail, technological know-how,
and lifecycle project planning expertise. Successfilly manages accounts while analyzing technical requirements to ensure client and customer
satisfaction and enterprise integrity. Consistently develops innovative and workable solutions to unique customer requirements. An effective IT
Manager with a proven track record for buikling highly productive teams with healthy morak. Promotes security awareness ensuring sound
security principles are implemented.

Highlights
© Strong Interpersonal skills
© Exceptional Listening and perception skills
© Excels in writing © Cobol Programming
© Informtion Technology SME ¢ ADA Programming
Cabrel Cie grein sae. aid
© Efficient Ce U.N)
© Test and Evaluation Expertise CP ceisibnwovudedene
© Leadership * COR
Ca WElaearane ¢ Formal Briefings
© Project Management
CR Ooniiv@ cco tively

Accomplishments

I provide spiritual support within my organization on a daily basis.

Tserve as Branch Chiefand Division Chief whenever I am appointed.

Tnitiate and facilitate impromptu meetings with the technology team to share pertinent information or to solve workphce issues.
Tama mentor and sponsor of ATEC HQ's Customer Support Intem and Summer hire.

Trepresent ATEC in many Command sponsored special events as a singer, actress and mistress of ceremonies.

schivor anes
AMC Computer Specialist and Intem Sep 1989 to Sep 1992
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

As a Lead Cobol Programmer: Wrote two programs to estimate the cost for the Panarna Canal Conflict. Coordinated with QA testers for end-to-
end unit testing and post-production testing Implemented system security and data assurance software. Developed custom software solutions for
the organization.Oversaw deployment, configuration and documentation procedures. Implemented and tested enhancement feature requests to
enhance product finctionality.Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions and by debugging and creating defect

fixes. Drafled two project work plans per week.Organized and held meetings with stakeholders, contractor product teams and customers.
Coordinated all hardware acquisitions.Coded user-customizable applications that converted raw data from design engine to easily understandable
graphical formats.

Computer Specialist (Special Assignment) Jun 1992 to Oct 1993
Company Name i City , State

Detailed as Junior Engineer for PM EWRSTA Camp Evans (Wall, New Jersey). In this capacity I assisted the Lead Software Engineer in writing
the code to repair the Kiowa 58D helicopter computer module. Project was successful From coding to test and evaluation. Authorized to go TDY
to Fort Bragg, N.C. to test our code in the vehick.

Briefed 300 civilians and 60 soldiers on the test, evaluations and repair of the aircraft under of the orders the PMEWRSTA PM Colonel Arthur
Hurtado (Fort Myers, Florida)

Tn addition, I served as a Lead Project Manager using the Artemis Schedule Publisher software to track Electronic Warfare systems and the
respected repair schedules.

Information Technology Specialist Sep 1992 to Sep 2011
Company Name i City , State
