INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY BUREAU DEPUTY DIRECTOR
Professional Summary

Senior Information Technology Professional with more than fifleen years of experience directing and managing large and complex IT Operations
and Data Center. Resourcefil thinker, methodical problem solver, and analytical in all facets of technical management. Proficient at educational and
advanced enterprise related technology solutions. A strong, decisive leader who keads by example and hardworking professional focused on results
and detais A Fully bilingual in English and Spanish.

Core Qualifications
© IBM Enterprise z System & x Servers Microsoft Windows
VMWare ESX Cloud Computing * Tools (Office, Project, Visio, SharePoint, Exchange, MSCCM,
© Operating Systems (Microsoft Windows, 7/OS, zVM, AIX, SolkrWinds Orion, Tivoli, Track-It!)
SUSE Linux) * Communication & Security (Frame Relay, MPLS, FCIP, Enterasys,
¢ Databases (SQL, DB2, ORACLE, ADABAS) CISCO, Fortinet)
schivor anes
Company Name January 2010 to Current Information Technology Bureau Deputy Director
lena El CG

© Oversee and kead the Infrastructure & Operations IT Service, 24x7.

© This includes the supervision of four divisions: (1) Programming & Applications; (2) Networking & Communications; (3) Desktop Services
& Support; and (4) Operating Systems & Database.

© Performance management and KPIs.

© Key Accomplishments: Oversees a department of 140 contractors and employees.

* Manages infrastructure data network of 9,300 users, 250 sites.

¢ Evahntes direct cutting edge technology solutions for the implementation of 53 IT projects.

Company Name October 2009 to January 2010 Information Technology Director
lena El CG

© Provided technical leadership to a data center and technical supervision ofamalysts, programmers, database administrators, and network as
OIE CH Lert eeienennes

¢ Key Accomplishments: Managed Data Center for 900 employees.

© Developed an innovation and technological portfolio of IT projects in Vocational Rehabilitation Administration.

* Supported department documentation digialization initiatives at the Department of Labor.

On ANE MALE ROP AU mAn ence wey eesUnlaLod
lena El CG

© Delivered technical direction for a multimillion dollar Monitoring and Controlling System

© Key Accomplishments: The total amount managed was 185 plants of filtration water and sewer water treatment with 1,540 facilities through
ep ate caine

© SCADA - Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition).

© Technical supervised the software analyst, programmers and database administrators during the software development and impkmentations
of Department of Health compliance systems.

CeO com flle

Company Name January 2003 to June 2004 IT Business Consultant

City , State Assist in computer network & voice integrator in over 11 Medical Center locations.Consulted for individuals and organizations in
informtion technology business solution.

Company Name January 2003 to August 2004 Information Technology Business Consultant

lena El CG

© Assist in computer network & voice integrator in over 11 Medical Center locations.
© Consulted for individuals and organizations in information technology business solution.

Company Name January 2003 to June 2003 Professor
lena El CG

© Taught courses in (1) Optical Networking; (2) System Analysis and Design.

(Oo NaN on ecm EER OP TU MAU emu ccey
lena El CG

* Taught graduate courses in (1) Data Communication, Networks and Distributed Processing; (2) Computer Concepts and Programming
Tools; (3) Relational Databases.
