INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROVISIONING TECHNICIAN

Career Overview

Process driven, goal oriented, Information Security Leader with 5 years of IT and security experience. A selfmotivated Governance manager that
is adept at analyzing and remediating threat vectors on an enterprise level. Bolsters corporate strategy, enhances daily security operations and
delivers improved and optimized business protection, while leading a geographically diverse team adept at problem solving and risk analysis. Audit
and Control Establishment Immediate Value Offered Technical Acumen Maximize technology investment, effectively implement IT business
strategy, drive innovation, improve business processes, expand service & technical STRATEGIC PLANNING & ENABLEMENT capabilities
and maximize multi-million dollar cost savings

Qualifications

BUSINESS PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS Partner with teams to create efficient cross-fimctional processes by eliminating CONTRACT
NEGOTIATIONS COST SAVINGS INITIATIVES AD, DNS, TCP/IP, Microsoft Exchange, Rapid? Vulnerability Assessment Platform,
Firewall, IDS/IPS, Web Filter/Proxy, Mail

Accomplishments

© Influential change agent focused on renewing quality initiatives for complex IT IT SOX GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE Outstanding
Mentoring skills, adept at coaching junior and senior personnel, portfolios while collaborating cross-fimetionally and interdepartmentally
increasing growth and confidence among team members FINANCIAL POLICIES & FORECASTING PROJECT Deployment &
REPORTING PROJECT SCOPE AND SCHEDULING Provide ongoing management of Information Security practices, specifications,
and architecture design facilitating continuous organizational improvement Security INFRASTRUCTURE IT ANALYTICS &
ORIENTATION Progressive experience with managing enterprise security initiatives and culture and the development of appropriate audit
procedures, policies, managing IT SOX governance & compliance to build a risk-based security escalation paths, tracking, documentation,
and a highly trained team proficient Management Experience in enforcing key SOX requirements throughout the enterprise PROGRAM
MANAGEMENT CROSS FUNCTIONAL COLLABORATION coupled with enterprise policy creation and negotiation acumen
Possess comprehensive technical background and management experience RESOURCES UTILIZATION TRAINING &
DEVELOPMENT Ensure business continuity and manage technology risks through informtion CHANGE MANAGEMENT assurance
Freee ems NOUR TOUT a NAAT ale ecm are) Slut CaS ca RtSAMELG OL Ob nom

Aug oanan at acs
USO RE OR EIU KE Gen cua Nbr en asia

McAfee EEPC).

Worked with multiple departments and executive teams to ensure a timely and compkete roll-out of product.

Served as a technical lead and a tier 2 escalation resource for multiple applications and operating systems.

Support included Windows (XP and 7), Linux (Red Hat), and Mac (OSX).

Adninistration, troubleshooting, reckamtion, and issuance of RSA soft and hard tokens.

Served as main escalation point for de-synchronization issues and hardware-based troubles.

Led the executive support team which provided "Wwhite-glove" support for director level and above Active Directory administration ranging
from SSO integration to forest creation, to simple user administration.

© Identified,.

Information Technology Provisioning Teclmician , 10/2012 to 08/2013 Company Nam i City , State

researched and resolved AD issues relating to advanced administration and GPO creation.

Provided remote and local support to an employee base of over 7000 employees, contractors, and consultants.

Resolved complex hardware and software issues, and served as tier 2 and 3 support when needed.

Decor Nii ataxctiey eck OR eae aCe em Le Dennen e rene ceiD ED Gch oe sive onetmiene) cole aernel
repaired laptops, desktops, MiFis, and corporate cellular phones Mamged the network operations center, which serviced upwards of 100
clients over multiple geographic locations with.

Information Technology Consultant , 12/2011 to 02/2013 Company Name i City , State

® varying degrees of service contracts, in significantly diverse environments.

© Utization of N-Central monitoring and patch managerrent platform to audit and report on customer compliance and software usage
statistics to prepare and present recommendations to increase security and productivity of the business Architected, implemented, and
documented various Exchange and Active Directory deployments within each customer's individual ecosystem, and tracked utilization
statistics to increase revenue for the operations center.

Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for Enterprise Information Security and Architecture, Risk Management and Compliance, understanding business Information
Security & Compliance Manager SolarCity, SAN MATEO, CA Noverber 2013 - PRESENT issues and concerns, determining business
and security requirements, designing architecture and applying Security Technologies to mitigate risk and ensure compliance with SolarCity
policies and standards.

© Impkmentation and administration of forensic imaging enterprise solution.

© Utilized to conduct covert and overt collection and analysis of at-risk employees Creation and maintenance of IT SOX identified by our
Coens
