INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER

Summary

Experienced Information Technology Mamger committed to maintaining innovative technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge. My
excellent probkm solving skills, diagnostic ability and communication skills are assets that allow me to excel and adapt to virtually any situation.
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Information Technology Manager 01/2007 to Current

© Responsible for maintaining budget and implementing all new technologies within the firm

* Integral part of technology team responsible for implementing and migrating Accounting and Billing system upgrade Managed firewall,
network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and offsite.

Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.

Trained members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data circuits.

Ensured network, system and data avaihbility and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.

Managed Migration from Exchange 2003 to Exchange 2010 Manged Migration from Windows XP and Office 2003 to Windows 7 and
Office 2010 Managed and deployed Office 2010 to Office 2013 upgrade Managed migration from Physical Servers to VMWare ESXi
Virtual Server environment Responsible for managing all IT related vendor and telecommunication contracts Manage all IT Vendor
relationships Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.

© Impkmented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.

Company Name City , State Technical Project Lead 11/2005 to 01/2007

© Responsible for Maintaining Client relationships and Technical Integrity of the Infrastructure Responsible for Managing Engineers assigned to
Client projects, Including time management, time approval and resource scheduling Successfilly migrated a Novell 6.0 Cluster with
Groupwise to a Novell 6.5 Cluster Responsible for ensuring timely compktion of projects Responsible for Managing IT Departrent at
specific client sites, including Helpdesk management.

Company Name City , State Systems Engineer 01/2004 to 11/2005

¢ Install, Support and maintain Novell, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, Windows 2003 servers.

Maintain and Patch over 800 servers in the current environment.

Manage implerrentation of new infrastructure from the Server Side, and co-ordinate with various teams to ensure deadlines are met.
FCO Cem ES HlelicsieaNCohie RO ice ney coR Om Lae te

i erencietemaiclpe EO) O IOs EMU Le cum im oaicmonyieni et

Company Name City , State Network Analyst 10/2001 to 10/2003

© Managed and supported Novell 4.x and 5.x Servers, Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 Servers, Citrix.
* MetaFrame XPa, GroupWise 5.x.
CEN ccr nel ano tihoens ol Pent ei cinerea iat B cot am

Company Name City , State Night Desk Supervisor 07/2000 to 04/2001
© Supervise two additional employees and responsible for all issue escalations and follow up.
© Manage all projects and ensure on-time completion.
* Manage client relationships.

Company Name City , State Senior Network Engineer 08/1999 to 07/2000

* Responsible for all LAN/WAN Infrastructure.
© Evahate, purchase, implement and maintain all Novell and Windows NT Servers.
© Manage Cisco Switches and Routers and all WAN T1 Connections.

LOO NAN PeLO ARMM nwa slita cee raCR cs baos
© Support 130+ Novell Servers and NDS Directory Structure.
© Responsible for upgrading and maintaining.
© servers as well as all workstation clients.

Company Name City , State Network Support Specialist 11/1993 to 04/1997

© Responsible for All Software, hardware, Network, phone system and voicermail installation and support.
© Planned move of company to include all Network and electrical wiring as well as Phone system.
© move/upgrade.

(Oo NAN PeL OA Rea ey midcom serie Ome CEI

¢ Install and maintain all customer systems, network installations and rollouts ofall new computer systesm.
CS hecsicetmaecitenlicainaaics
