INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST

SS

nnn 7
Highly skilled and results-oriented IT specialist with extensive experience in Software Development, Software Configuration Management,

Project Management, System Planning & Specification Development, CMMIS, Quality Assurance and Testing. A
Shannan
Pe greece i sceuciicn’ © Productivity improvement

© Quality assurance and control ~=-- Project development and lifecycle

© Results-oriented Cie Santicwrenice

© Relationship building © Work flow plhming

Experience
Information Technology Specialist
August 2006 to Current Company Name

a a ey er ee ee er

Track and control over 150 change requests per month.

Manage the repository for Software and Customer Requirements Documents, Agreements and Governance Specifications.

Document and communicate defects and problems with stakeholders and developers.

Develop and report critical metrics related to CRSMB change request activity.

Ensure that all activities involved in the software design, coding and testing of the application software have been successfilly completed
before releasing software for independent testing and deployment into the production environment.

Deploy application software to the Test and Production environments using code managerment tools.

Manage logging change requests into the tracking system and assigning work activities to members of the branch.

Evaluate the adequacy of current CM processes and procedures and make recommendations for CM process improverrent.
Coordinate and commaumicate with developers, subject matter personnel, stakeholders, database management support and project
pelea

Perfored platform testing and performance testing during the migration to the Serena Business Management (SBM) system
Collaborated in the design of the Serena Business Manager (SBM) Workflow.

Administrator for the Serena Business Manager (SBM) System.

Proficiency in working with Serena Version Manager as a software repository, WinSCP and Reflections for the migration and staging of
AY bello McaCM Len ccuethem el velowalier@anuieinana

Maintain the Branch's SharePoint Site, ensuring current documentation and resources are available to the Division.

Document CM procedures and provide training to new CM staff members, and members of the Division.

Execute test scripts as needed in the implerrentation and deployrrent of software related Test and Production project development.
Assure that software releases are performed in compliance with established CMMI guidelines.

Solve technology related issues by researching potential problems and offer a solution in the deployment of software and change request
tracking,

Ensure that each CM change request has passed regulated security checks.

© Maintain a well established, well defined, documented, and repeatable processes within standards of Capability Maturity Model Integration

(CMMI)

Computer Specialist
August 1996 to August 2006 Company Name

rN

er

Detailed and refined requirements, wrote algorithms, developed programs and command procedures.

Developed solutions to improve software performance.

Enhanced testing procedures.

ov onrecRo clea UNC cu uur RC ech Omesieulauallme aye Suse CeSer SCM cog CMU SB etn Las ory
Developed and delivered software products.

Communicated with IT staffand subject matter on project requirements

Conducted program demonstrations with team members prior to the release of software.

os onnee Ron Cats kel al estos Thome islet R Coruna Reco Rc Cle bir M ena venU NDS U elec rales iniucliont OO) ce om
Developed database test scenarios and supporting software in Pro C and Orack to validate the migration to the Orack phtform
Worked extensively in PL/SQL, SQL, Shell scripting n LINUX, JavaScript, SAS, and Visual Basic.

Farias breatiea NDS erarncne Won ongsilacssnnceitpneneces Re nem

Created status reports and posted to the GEO website for managerrent review.

Designed and maintained branch website.

Computer Specialist
July 1994 to August 1996 Company Name
