SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT (INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSISTANT)

Qualifications

SAP, HP ALM, Network Configuration, Database Management, Document Management, Troubkshooting/ Resolution, System Development
& Execution, End-user Training, End-user Training, Customer Service, Website Maintenance, Mac, AUTOCAD

aaa chiesrates

Recognized as 1 of top 4 agents, promoted twice for excellent customer service

schivor anes

Subject Matter Expert (Information Technology Assistant)

September 2013 to Current Company Name 1 City , State Responsibilities: -SAP Data Validation and Population for Real Estate, Fixed Asset
and Plant Maintenance Modules -Assist, Support and coordinate with Missions to create Database/ SAP IDs for testing / enrichirent of loaded
CLIC Mee A sulemeclnko cela at Bien) aie ecicl cm @er i line OR le Clete Reelin Aes VeHe tice Oca octal eer
validation of mission data -Create autormted data validation spreadsheets/templates -Prepare data for upload into Umoja performing required
calculations and adjustments. -Run LSMW’s, in order to upload Entities data into SAP, during Conversion process. - Validate data loaded into
Unnja. -Run Reports and Edit Mission Data in SAP. -Create manuals, guidlines, instructions and cheat sheets for data conversion and testing
processes -Develop Excel spreadsheets to calculate and show the statistics of reoccurring problens. ed test scenarios in HP/ALM and
fosojeltls\em ueme alu erate] See -Coordinate with other fictional teams for the preparation of scenarios, input data and execution of test
scripts. -Organise testing sessions with extended-team testers. -Execute test scenarios as part of the Umpja teamand guide the extended-team
testers in the execution. -Identify and raise defects, and coordinate with responsible teams -Re-test failed scripts affer defect resolution. -Creation
of Training Materials for Data Validation and Testing in SAP -SAP Test script authoring, execution and defect resolution for Product Integration
Testing and User Verification Testing -Supported Tier 3 Production Support Activities Accomplishments: -Created template and assisted in
creation of reports to help automate formatting of data, for easier LSMW uploads, which reduced the time needed for preparation of data to 1
hour and eliminated transfer errors -Created automated Data Validation Spreadsheet, to decrease validation time by 40% and improve quality of
the validation by enabling focus on substantive, rather than mechanical errors. - Successfully Completed data conversion and load activities for all
Peacekeeping Missions in Umoja Foundation Cluster 1 and Cluster 2 deployment (approximately 30 entities). Each cycle consisted of 3 Mock
Data Conversion/Loads, Dress Rehearsal and Production Load. - Successfilly accomplished (until now) Umoja Cluster 3 Data Conversion Load
Cycks (Mocks 1-3 and Dress Rehearsal) for UNON, UNEP, ESCAP, UN-Habitat, OCHA-Geneva, for Fixed Assets Equipment and Real
Estate Items. Continuing involvement in Cluster 3 data conversion for production - Successfilly supported or completed Product Integration
Testing (PIT) and User Verification Testing (UVT) cycks for Umoja Cluster 3

Information Technology Assistant (OSAU)

October 2010 to August 2013 Company Name if City , State Responsibilities: -Conduct walk-throughs on UN floors to verify Locations, Staff
and Space configurations. -Assist Project Managers evaluate Vacancies, Overcapacities and Room Type changes. -Interact with Staffin the
environment to inquire about any changes on the floor and to answer any questions. -Contact Staffand Department Focal Points to confirmany
discrepancies. -Record and report any discrepancies in Staff Information and make any necessary changes in UN Staff Telephone Directory
(Untel) and Voice/Data Messaging Service (VMS) Databases. -Record and report any discrepancies in Floor plans and make any necessary
changes in Aperture -Clean, monitor and maintain Aperture data to assure accurate Floor plans. -Assist Property Managerrent Inventory Control
Unit with Occasional Inventories and Property Verifications. -Create reports in SQL and Microsoft Access for Project Managers to aide in space
pknning, -Assist AFPS in the cleaning and restructuring of UN Staff Telephone Directory Database (Untel) and processes. -Clean, monitor and
mmintain UN Staff Telephone Directory Database (Untel) and Voice/Data Messaging Service (VMS) Database to assure accurate Staff location
and information. -Create new staffentries in UN Staff Telephone Directory Database (Untel) and Voice/Data Messaging Service (VMS). -Create
and run queries in SQL and Microsoft Access to edit databases. -Upload and update Untel and Aperture databases. -Develop Excel
spreadsheets to cakulate and show the statistics of reoccurring problems. -Develop SOP's for my position to help in training efforts. -Develop,
Create and Maintain Document Management database and online library using visual studios, for department website (vb script & ASP.net). -Beta
Tester for CAFM. -Assist contractor in the development of CAFM space and asset management system. -Occasionally assist i computer
hardware and software installation and troubleshooting, -Beta Tester for Umoja Pilot project. -PIT Tester for Umoja using HP ALM and SAP. -
Data collector for Umoja Pilot Project using templates. Accomplishments: -Granted Administrative rights to Untel and VMS SQL Databases and
Aperture Floor plans due to my expertise and responsibilities. -Improved efficiency of Inventory process by creating accurate location
norenchture in Untel, VMS and Aperture databases. -Increased the accuracy level of Staff Information and Floor plans improving space planning
occupancy reports. - Performed Database/Website managerent tasks for a month until the vacant Supervisor post on P3 level was filled. -
Managed, corrected and improved data, queries and processes resulting in reducing SQL Database issues/ errors by more that 50%. - Worked
and linised with software company contractors to assist colleages in fixing errors and improve fixtionality of CAFM system

Information Technology Assistant (PMICU)

January 2008 to October 2011 Company Name i% City , State Responsibilities: -Organize all PMICU Stockroors. -Perform physical inventory
counts of all PMICU Stockrooms. -Process Work Orders using MP-2 / iNeed (Work order software) -Print Barcodes for all
Departirenis/Offices of UNHQ. -Issue andReceive Furniture from PMICU Stockroons. -Help Staffmembers find the Furniture that better suites
there needs. -Coordinate/Arrange fimiture relocation to offsite locations. -Supervise 1 to 10 movers during the liquidation of assets for Secretariat
and Conférence building vacate exercise. -Assist with Fumiture Disposals and update Procure Plus records accordingly. -Coordinate all IT
Disposals with OICT and movers and update Procure Plus records accordingly. - Administer IT disposal service contract. -Property Records
Custodian (for FMS) -Manage Furniture using Procure Plus to Build, Relocate, Transfer and Remove records. -Upload Movers scanners to
Procure Plus database. -Develop SOPs for each position in PMICU. -Obtain quotes and submit for requisitions -Enter delivered furniture into
Procure Plus. -Recommend purchases to maintain stockroom counts. Accomplishments: -Granted Administrative rights to Procure Plus SQL.
Database, due to my expertise and responsibilities. -Assigned to be Property Records Custodian for FMS. -Developed Standard Operating
Procedures for unit, including "Furniture Disposal Process" , "Furniture Issuance Procedure", "Processing PO Orders Procedure", etc. -Developed
classification system for finiture used in Unit Operations, warehouse and physical inventories based on UNCCS item codes. -Organized multiple
new offsite stockrooms (45,000 sq ft). -Performed periodic stockroom counts for over 5,000 assets. -Organized relocation of approxinntely
10,000 assets between various stockrooms during vacate excercise of Secretariat buikding, -Handk deliveries of furniture averaging $200,000. -
