INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INTERN (TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER)
Ritanenstag

Over 3 yearsA of experience serving as a key contributor across all Ruch ece ey etan ae roar Biiscccsiea nine Wtrsl toe
architectural design, prototyping, development, and testing of applicationA using Java/J2EE technologies in various domains,

SN eae c eto deo) CaSO n CPE URL Ue LCR nan Omaen ILL CI eu SE LL @ DL Sulu cE ALCL
¢ Excellent working experience in backendA development using different Spring moduks like Spring Core ContainerA Module, AOP, MVC,

Security, Data, Transaction Management etc.

¢ Experienced in developing Microservices with Spring Boot, Spring REST, Spring Cloud, etc.

ee ee eT

NS lg

Extensive experience in developing Web interfaces using HTMLS, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS,
ReactJS and BackboneJS.

Experienced in working with SQL databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL, Orack and have some knowkdge of NoSQL databases like
MongoDB.

Expertise working in Agie methodology environments like Scrum

Experienced in working with Version Control Tools like SVN and Git.

Deora emt GNP eRO NEE Ce SMe a nUMme ti ecuareuimde ety en Cine cited sie Oat cad

Experienced in build tools like Ant, Maven, Grade and using them with continuous integration tools like Jenkins.

A proactive kamer with exceptional analytical, design and problenrsolving capabilities.

Excellent communication skills including formal presentations and technical documentation.

Productive in both team-based and sel&managed projects.

© Programming Languages: Java/J2EE, JavaScript, Android, HTML, CSS, SQL, C, C

Frameworks and Libraries: Spring, Restful Web Services, Hibermate, AngularJS, ReactJS, jQuery, Bootstrap,A Selenium WebDriver,
Cucumber

Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Orack, MongoDB, H2

Build Tools: Gradle, Maven, Ant

Practices: Agie/Scrum, Waterfall, TDD, Clean Coding, Continuous Delivery
Architectures: Microservices, Single Page Application, REST, Client/Server
Version Control: SVN, Git

Orr recllowalhenieANNiS)

Others: Bower, Grunt, Npm, Node, JSON, XML, Jenkins

IDE: Eclipse, Intell, Android Studio

Operating Systems: Linux, Windows

Experience
Information Technology Intern (Test Automation Engineer) 05/2017 to 08/2017 Company Name City , State

Created nicely baked 4€ Test Automation Framework to provide an execution environment for the autormtion test scripts. The framework
allowed automated regression testing of 8 WebTix, frontendAveb interface that ExtreneTr’s (Ticketing Solution Company) clients use to
access web services.

Extensively used Selenium WebDriver and Spring Boot combined to write automation scripts for dynamic pages of 8& WebTix' written on
AngularJS Framework. Modularized web components as Java objects following Page Object Model ic created Object repository for all
locators which can be easily autormted.

Leveraged the benefits of both data-driven and behavior-driven approaches and built the framework that is mintamabke and reusabk.
Integrated autormted tests with Cucumber (behavior-driven testing framework) to allow Quality Assurance team write high-level use cases
pee) ane nom

Leveraged Jenkins to buikl autommted tests project and use Selenium Grid to run paralkl tests across multiple browsers and phtfoms.
Automated reports generation and distribution.

Interpreted and converted manual test cases into automation smoke and regression suites.

© Trained and supported the QA team with automation framework and script issues.

°

e

Colkborated with the QA teamand went through an evolutionary approach in writing concise documentation to help configure the
Fist penue nen sero Brome Cem enpip coe ticwey
AN eye cce Roe W oe Eke reslcrlnemise etna te eat icib om

Java Full Stack Developer 05/2014 to 06/2016 Company Name City , State

© Worked on varied aspects of application development including requirement analysis, design, impkrrentation, and testing,

Coded and debugged multi-tiered Java-based applications to provide enterprise and embedded solutions using Java and Spring framework
APIs like MVC, AOP, DAO, JDBC, Transaction, Validation, Annotation, JSON, XML, Maven and JUnit Test.

MO Meme anuncluemoe hector mrondennantera tcyuberetecd iO eaear ennai Pacancaiio ny

Developed database access kryers using Spring Data JPA and Hibemate.

Developed REST web services for external application integration.

Developed a Java-based SDK and driver software for making the card reader, PUA-310V-0/M2U2/Y4 to work on Linux environment.
Did extensive research on smart card technology (NFC, Mifare, DESFire, etc.) for projects like VMS (Visitor Management System) and
