Christopher Townes
Summary

Knowledgeable Information Technology Specialist capable of setting up and optimizing workstations, training users and assisting with process
improverent implementation in diverse areas. Familiar with Cicso business practices and IT standards, Excellent skills in inffastructure, data
DCE ae eee eS aL eM ere MLC ore TC OLmailcutittanraceragrnce cae) AOR Sel
hardware, patch software and configure internal systems. Complex problem-solver with top-notch planning and communication Bircham shea
ofimiintaining equipment, updating software and handling network security with an organized and systematic focus. Strong mullitasker with
excelent communication and planning abilities. Effective at configuring user desktops, laptops, servers and connected devices to work within
company and security guidelines. Successful at coordinating file systerms, content filters and user accounts. Proficient Information Systems
‘Technician successfil at troubleshooting technical issues and training end-users. Skilled in probkem-solving and solution management. Comfortable
working in tears or individually to maintain and expand technology perfonmarce.

als
© Routers ¢ Excellent Interpersonal Skills
PERS HVa\Uiiynciung Pee CQ Ocom tots
¢ Hardware Troubkshooting © Repair
¢ Network Administration ¢ Advanced Computer Proficiency
Pa Oc) ¢ Industry Needs Awareness
Ces ee Bes acters ¢ Contract Review Proficiency
© Cisco Switching © Company Policy Adherence
CIO coed Nola ¢ Device Configuration
© Hardware Installations ¢ Hardware and Software Installation
Ca Cesta ou ay © Technical Support
* Software Updates ¢ Hardware Updates
¢ Repairing ¢ Hardware and Software Problem Diagnosis
© System Testing Software * Security Protocols
© Operation Monitoring Paconninge hontai
Pa gree) orice utes ally ¢ Speaking
ee cae
Information Technology Specialist

City , State Company Name / Feb 2015 to Feb 2021

Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users,

eee eB PPO ee teat mee NL Ene ened Ru Cac LOA OR arete eNO cr ret coe
Maintained records, logs and lifecycle documentation of work requests.

Mentored other technologists and support professionals to provide professional development and skill enhancement.

Increased overall company performance through improved IT uptime and cost reductions.

echoes was One ESS ce OE TEs el cen EU nn ae Das ured ccasae oe

Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy and identified needed process improverrents,

Me tuCnncm elo iagins edi me taney cnn al Aor anitortnesnanararl fence

Devised autormation, backup and recovery protocols to preserve and safeguard data.

AW Elelahnceb ine Ruano ce Rvcatis een mii ccCRratr ans Recerca nitration

Led working groups to develop mitigation strategies and prepare standard operating procedures.

Assessed customer bug reports and enhancement requests and prioritized development to streamline response.

Provided on-site technical support after project implementation and recommended product changes and upgrades to product pastes
Impkenented unit and integration testing protocols to consistently deliver high quality, fimctional features with minimal defects.
ele cbs Rel silence mcnaece ier lce om tatnelba eRe stone ne Rey ecomtcct eae

Provided onsite IT and AV technical support for 4000 staff members.

Pe emo x ectranclloeOmudiiibrecccoe ode eneneraceliein Rare ccce

oa ae erine Roo mC RUU CTE Cae aber lne Renewals fete

Directed account management and customer training on company technical software and tools for new accounts and new users.

Computer Repair Technician
City , State Company Name / Jun 2016 to Feb 2017

Checked in computers and performed diagnostics for repair.

eile Ts inl oko semis etokaietan simi arng

Backed up data each evening, helping alleviate lost information following malware incident.
Identified hardware issues caused by component fiilures using approved diagnostic tools.

DO yur tele B AT oie ao ami onuucevnautninebeas unin

Supported employees with advanced troubleshooting on helpdesk tickets,

Built and repaired Lenovo computers according to schedule.

Configured computers to network drivers and connected to printers and other peripheral equipment.
Installed appropriate security patches to eliminate security vulnerabilities.
