INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR
Professional Summary

Highly talented and accomplished Paralegal with extensive experience in investigative and online legal research. More than 5 years of experience
working in the legal field. Knowledgeable in all aspects of case preparation and representation, previous court experience, familiar with filings,
petitions, case management, and interviewing. Excellent research, documentation, reporting abilities, outstanding communication and presentation
skills. Predisposed to procedural and methodological approaches to problem solving and analysis. Detail oriented with a demonstrated

Coin aie Racdlalguntion wma acm

Core Qualifications
* LexisNexis, Westlw, Concordance, CaseMap © Results-oriented
© Knowledge of Local, State and Federal laws ® Client-focused
© Principks and Practices of Legal Commumication —*_ Interview Techniques and Methods
© Court Procedures/Processes * Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Project

schivor anes
Information Technology Coordinator , 01/2014 - Current Company Name - City, State

© Worked across all levels of the organization to support the Corporate Information Officer (CIO) and the Senior Leadership Team
© Enable the CIO and Senior Leadership Team to effectively and efficiently execute their duties by continuously managing, maintaining
appointrent calendars, and documentation of forecasted project plans/milestones, communications derived from their initiatives,
commitments, and ongoing management fictions.

Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for in-house Information Technology Operations Assessment.

Maintain client files, vendor files and deal sensitively with confidential material and general office management.

Support business resiliency management program (BRM) in developing key principles and scope documentation.

Support IT commumication and employee engagement by working cross-fimctionally to develop and organize IT Town halls and other
fimctions.

Gather and analyze data to understand and assist in improving IT business communication, and fimctions.

Collect, compile and interpret data as it relates to business critical vulnerabilities.

Self-directed, detail oriented, outstanding organizational skills coupled with excellent task and time management skilb.

Executive Assistant, Contractor , 01/2013 - 09/2013 Company Nam - City , State

© Key executive support person in the management, coordination, and implementation of the operations of the Quality department;
responsible for interacting on behalf of several Vice Presidents with all elements of the department and to foster productive relationships
Biren ON Gut lice

Organized, managed, and executed initial and follow-up communications, travel, facilities set-up, programs and program participants.
Oversaw the management of the Vice President's calendar and relieved him of managerial detail including, but not limited to, scheduling,
rescheduling, and prioritizing as needed.

Or-boarded and separate employees.

Governed computer hardware, software, computer peripheral equipment procurement and ensured set up of employee hardware.

Legal Administrative Supervisor , 10/2006 - 07/2012 Company Name - City , State

Coordinated the support fimction in the Law School Division, Chicago Office.

Supervised temporary staff, performed administrative personnel related activities, monitored workflow, supervised and oriented new
rehome RaiiincRsl Lana mel Rega oe eccecs

© Supported the Vice President of Sales, Director of Sales and several Attomeys within the law school organization and assisted with projects
Bip poodats

Established work priorities, supervised, motivated and evaluated the work of assigned staff

Prepared reports regarding workflow management and other business operations within the office.

Performed timekeeping, other administrative fimctions and coordimted the completion of timely performance appraisab.

Conducted research, organized data, generated reports, prepared correspondence, documents and presentations for attomeys and senior
Petesttonr ana

© Responsible for coordination of all client meetings: developed a tracking system to ensure timely and appropriate scheduling, created
meeting mterials including spreadsheets, handouts and executive summuries and ensured successfull follow-up on action items resulting from

fereahnucy

brairestbeny

2014 Colkege of Lake County - City , State CFTC - Computer Forensics Technician Certification Computer Forensics
2014 College of Lake County - City , State CFAC - Computer Forensics Amalyst Certification Computer Forensics
2013 College of Lake County - City , State Certificate of Completion, Paralegal Studies Legal

FNC M a LePAUeE nD Sclm accor siCelt|

2008 Strayer University - State Bachelor of Science Computer Information Systems InfoSec

eh tee tee aR moet RN
