CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

Astute and innovative attomey with strong ability to develop and implement effective litigation case strategies and write persuasive motions. Proven
SAR Cou eae ae eco a bce a LoL aC ean eS RO LOR ALLL
on rcenalcwaw ay

als
Court Procedures Due Diligence

I EovleDevesuneyrauciclee ty Deposition

Strong Researcher Motion Practice

Strong Negotiator Regultory Compliance
Organization aetna ee
Communication Sue ea Wirkow

Leadership Civil Litigation

Btconey seg Quality Assurance

Litigation Management Professional and Personable
I Pretlacm Ole cn ctw. Www We Writer

Work History

OMEN ene racan

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Serve as consultant attomey to major Virgin Islands’ law firm that represents individual, classes, and organizations in plaintif-side civil litigation,
DURE SD eC et EI ECOL ECL cE ES aE L eer e Leen hear ee Ueto go
sex, disability, and age.a€cA

Conduct legal research in complex litigation mutters.

Draft pleadings, oppositions to motion to dismiss, summary judgrent, daubert motions, and appellate bric&.

[Ovribagecenons

Interpret laws, rulings and regulations for individuals and businesses.

Special Assistant Corporation Counsel 03/201 1 to 05/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Served as Special Assistant Corporation Counsel in the Special Federal Litigation Division, a specialized division created to defend the City and its
officials in civil rights cases brought exclusively in federal courts pursuant to the United States Constitution and 42 U.S.C. Section 1983, in which
Hiceeriaccrasi etree lt saere em Dera NOLS MCOoUle ie liieveeinenincn icv me alLeOly Zug \ civ m nla

Made frequent appearances in federal courts and managed heavy caseload.
Gl Talecmesnecm rr emroeralccktat oer asie
Represented clients at settlement conferences and mediations.

Drafted pkadings, memoranda, settlement agreements, motions, interrogatories and requests for production of documents, initial disclosures, joint
pre-trial orders, and letters.

Developed and executed investigative strategies.

Conducted discovery, including taking and defending depositions, and prepared cases for trial.
Investigated alleged criminal and constitutional law violations.

Conducted legal research and analysis.

pia ace Rota nicrtne Ruyithoccen

Made presentations to division attomeys and supervisors regarding case developments and strategies.
