PROCESS CONSULTANT

Professional Summary

Experienced operations manager and entrepreneur who built 4.5 million dollar company without start up capital or outside investrent. Supremely
CAE MA On UCase ciceb UN UL Tcl annie e ied SU LOMA DE i neicB ITM eis cke Carsley

Visionary professional excels at recognition and anticipation, coupling ability to diagnose with skill to execute. Confident negotiator who
understands nuances of variabkes, timing, and leverage in negotiation.

Strength Finders: AnalyticaVContext/Command/Futuristic/Relator

CES lc)
Cee staue ss . ; ;
so thi lO tertbo ices) nis)
, ile aan Oi gee ccr oud weiiaigilne ca ccatioe
CP " Seer ye aiC nen year Eat att
¢ Project management

Ci ehciewesbincel) carbxeinincees alicy

Professional Experience
SU recec OIC tg
REA CH eR@ aaa cli an iti ch t/a OLN mmECT| Ce

¢ Develop processes that allow company use of business metrics to provide both macro and micro analysis of company performance. Provide
structure from which to scale operations, identifying productive and unproductive work activity.

* Determine then deploy management practices for small and medium sized business to operate with increased financial clarity and operational
efficiency. Process requires macro understanding of'a given business's primary economic driver. Once identified, modify processes to
Rint oilvalbece coat Lente ais laerniae

* Full conversion to objective business practices, eliminating management decisions made ina vacuum Objective is often met by defining strict
data entry process and schedule, retuming data faster and more accurately, then requiring all decision making be originated from the most
fatisonanonnisllene ic tle.

© Impkment and deploy procurement processes to optimize cost savings, ensuring proper leveraging of organizational buying power.

Director of Operations
January 2012 to January 2014 Company Name i City , State

Converted company culture from subjective management driven by opinion to objective management driven by data.

Streamlined accounting system to be deployed as managerrent tool, thereby changing organizational behavior to respond to financial goak.
Achieved 14% savings in operational costs by applying line item approach to attacking costs, starting from highest cost to lowest. High to
low formula proved cost effective as buying power leverage and ROI were optimized.

Recognized changing business climate required more nimble communications, researched available solutions, negotiated cost eflective
pricing, then deployed "cloud" management of company data and IT processes.

Authored and deployed best practices for hiring of employee and sub contracted labor resources, exposing corporate strength and
weakness points in human resource management.

Provided general and accurate understanding of company cash flow needs ina volatile revenue environment.

Founder, President and CEO
January 2002 to January 2011 Company Name i City , State

Founded company which provided corporate housing services to corporate clients and relocating individuals. Managed sales volume growth
from $52,000 in 2002 to sustained volume of 2,000,000 in 2004, with company revenues reaching $4,500,000 in fiscal 2011.

Managed temp housing procurement for Toyota Motor Manufacturing expansion into Blue Springs, Mississippi. Dermand for apartments far
exceeded local supply, requiring swift and creative negotiation to inspect and procure all available apartment space ina condensed time
period. Through complex acquisition of both apartment and hotel supply all team members were placed on the ground on time and in line
with cost budget. Project generated $2.3 million in revenue at targeted gross margin and doubled company apartrrent inventory.

© Expanded and managed operations in Cincinnati, OH and Lexington, KY. Provided service to customers in other area markets, including
Loussvile, KY, Columbus OH, and Dayton, OH.

Recognized that gross margins were damaged by ineffective leasing policies, and aggressively adjusted kase procurement practices to
decrease Ieasing costs without compromising sales volume or raising overhead. The results were dramatically improved margins and
company profitability. Maintained high margins by proactive management of apartirent inventory, strategically matching customer demand to
BY s\) ener

Twice negotiated deals to double company revenue by expanding to out of state markets.

© Provided daily operational support to out of market employees, directing activities by intelligent use of market performance data.

* Successfilly developed co-branding relationships with vendor partners to supply Vesta customers with no cost products in exchange for
