CONSULTANT
Professional Profile

Highly motivated and self driven Systems Analyst with vast experience in various environments and technologies in support of multiple departments
across the enterprise. Expertise in Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Computer Systems Validation (CSV). Looking for an
Opportunity to apply and develop strong analytical skills and problem solving techniques.

Qualifications
¢ Documentum DCM and Documentum D2, MS Access, VBA, C, CH,
some HTML, Assembly language programming. ss ,
* Project leadership, strong technical skills, analytical skills, problem-solving : ete aerers ie maleic ae a
skill, organizational skills and communication skills ene 1s and Documentatio
© Systems analyst, general application support, software development, data eal sailed
communications, System administration

schivor anes
Consultant
January 1999 to November 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

* Provides consultant expertise in various roles supporting McNeil Consumer Healthcare including but not limited to the following applications:
shop floor application, document management application, timekeeper application, business process applications.

Knowledgeable in the SDLC process and GxP, SOX compliant applications.

Most supported applications have been FDA validated applications requiring significant Computer System Validation experience.

Project Leadership roks in several projects including application upgrades.

Provides support to a GxP compliant document management application based on Docurnentum D2 as well as older Documentum DCM
onvicenieatGn

Support includes detailed analysis of issues including document transformation, printing issues, reporting and general user troubleshooting.
Providing Level 2 Production Application support, attend to user requests through ITSM and emails Monitoring the Support Mailbox during
the Support hours Generating Scheduled and Adhoc Reports for Users Daily Consistency Checks to ensure proper fimetioning of the
servers, services and Documentum jobs and other related activities Bug fixing in the application supported that may require Change
Requests Providing solutions to minor Enhancements in the Application that requires Change Requests Responsibk for Doing Root cause
analysis for recurring issues.

Escahting to Level 3 Support/ application Core Team where issue is out of scope of Level 2.

Follow up with different support groups like Windows Team, DBA Teamias and when needed Monitoring the Validation Environment to
Chance Neem EME syerincem

Monitoring the Training Environment to ensure User Training can run smoothly.

Provides support to SOX compliant payroll application which tracks the hourly wage employees times and reports into the J&J corporate
raed

Provides support to multiple Microsoft Access database and applications.

Prior support including designing, developing and testing VBA code in the databases and Excel spreadsheets.

Provided support to FDA-validated manufiicturing application that aided the shop floor in reporting activities involved in the manufacturing
pee CRW eRe reins iilrayuince ep ame cunceeen Leia meele relate ace

© Involved in various roles and projects to support IT rollouts and upgrades of the Windows operating system.

Consultant
January 1990 to January 1999 Company Name

* Provided consultant expertise to customers in various roles and expertise including but not limited to the following responsibilities: Provided
design, development, testing and support for Client/server messaging application to provide the communication between VAX and IBM
systems for a large steel company.

© Provided design, development, testing and support for and electronic batch record application within a large team consisting of consultants
Bibeln

* Provided relational database expertise on multiple projects for various applications and technologies.

© Provided training for several Digital products to customers.

© Provided system administration support to several customers.

Systems Programmer
January 1985 to January 1990 Company Name ¥% City , State

Designed, developed, tested and supported a real-time client/server application to provide messaging.
communications froma VAX/VMS application to an IBM application.

The application tracked the movernent if trains.

Eine eel ote

The application was originally written in assembly language and later converted to C.

Provided general system and network administration support.
