CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

Highly motivated fermale with over 3years management experience and exceptional people skil, looking to join a growing organization as part of
the executive team

Core Qualifications
Results-oriented

Operations management
Client-focused
Microsoft Office
Computer proficient
lea ernas

File/records maintenance

Account Management, Advertising, Budgeting, Business Development, Client Relations, Computer Literate,

Reports generation and [Ovi nnice ay Creative Probem ar ea ce Assessment, Customer Sy

Press Customer Service, Domestic and Intemational Experience, Expense Control, Intemal Auditing, Lead
Developrrent, Marketing, Mult+Task Managerrent, Product Developrrent, Project Management, Reporting,

Contract

Pos rabe iy enucliteed

Financial records and
ree

Training and development
Oraceprazenens

Ceo iirre est enti

schivor anes
OU ANE O hAEe CLA Ul miM ce Oke neiced

Conducted detailed site analysis to address project overlapping which led to timely project completion and cost savings.

Haven dee Re reat Lanne

Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory.

Prepared departmental contracts for attomey approval.

Completed all company insurance renewals including property, Workers' Compensation, general liability, cargo and aviation docurents.
Successfillly led key projects which resulted in [positive outcome].

Planned and executed [project].

Effectively controlled the release of proprietary and confidential information for general client lists.

Organized and coded all documents related to due diligence for acquisitions. .

Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.

Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial docurents for analysis.

Completed all company insurance renewals including property, Workers' Compensation, general liability, cargo, aviation and K & R
Cle sunrerlion

Prepared departmental contracts for attomey approval.

Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.

Prepared routine kegal correspondence and memoranda for attomey partners.

Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial docurents for analysis.

Company Name City , State PETROLOG 09/2012 to 01/2014

* Rok overview: This role involved proactive implementation of Health, Safety, Environment and Quality activities in support of company’s
objectives as described in the Corporate and HSEQ policy.

© Main Responsibilities: To provide specialist advice in environmental and HSE mutters so that Petrolog can demonstrate sound environmental
& HSE mamgennnt, ensure legal compliance and minimise the potential for litigation or danage to company’s reputation Ensure compliance

with wide range of environmental, safety and quality regulations Mamge Petrolog’s database for all regulatory permits and related
documents Assist in development of HSEQ improverrent plans for the office and offshore units Complete and review environmental
performance report each month for all Petrologs' assets Frequent site visits to provide environmental support, assist in ISO 14001
