CONSULTANT TO OWNER

brairestbeny

Florida International University 1984 Bachelors Degree : Hospitality Management City , State
cxcuti es oeercres

Company Name City , State

SOOM Nena a clase wos) DONE M EYER Real naa) te)

Skills

BANQUET & CATERING DIRECTOR A

* Put together the menus for different family finctions, business meetings, hincheon's and special fiinctions.

Pacem CeCe netctm leno meen klivom creme Near a08 O mech mean Lelics

Baked and Cooked all of our menu items on a regular basis and rotating schedule as needed to fill gaps in the schedule.

Instituted a program for the operation and maintenance ofall equipment used in daily production of food and beverages.

Impkmented an employee incentive program to improve the quality and timely service ofall customers on and off premises.

Ensured timely deliveries of hmches and platters for off premise catering and managed vehicle sanitation and safety for drivers and other
personnel,

GENERAL MANAGER A

© Responsible for overseeing Scheduling and traning of 35 to 40 part and full time employees, that made up the marina, motel and restaurant
ererluelice

© Always maintained the highest degree of Customer service to customers and ensure that all employees are following these most basic and
very important company standards.

© Ensure that we had adequate staff members, and supervisors for each shift and were prepared for any special events, fimctions and
arene

¢ Train mamgers to grow sales and profits by thorough and diligent attention to quality and implementation of accurate cost control for each
loosen ana

* Developed a timely response and follow up program for customer comphints, ensuring proper corrective actions were in phe to avoid
Pittman Tce

© Put together the required business plans and laid out the marketing and operating budget, for the construction loan of the restaurant.

VENDOR & PURCHASING SUPERVISOR A

© Research different vendors and process credit applications necessary to set up accounts with these vendors, to handle the purchases of
food, beverage and Equipment.

Prepare and document the paperwork, correspondence and payments, between the Purveyors and Vendors.

Monitor the performance of the different purveyor’s we purchase from to ensure we are getting the best price, quality and service, we
Close em

Set up and maintained the Food & Beverage inventory and placed the orders with each Purveyor ona daily and weekly basis.
Managed the physical inventory process on a biweekly basis, and computer input ofall relevant documentation, to monitor accurate food &
beverage costs.

Maintained the par levels set up for the different food, beverages and supplies utilized throughout the entire operation.

Checked all incoming shipments for accuracy of invoices, bill of aden and various shipping certificates.

Examined goods for quality, quantity and any damages or shortages that may be present with deliveries. Oversight and maintenance of
Ps ucmOeouMn nes esl lEuekeSevemine nate) Sou icee

INSURANCE, LICENSE & PERMIT SPECIALIST A

© Set up accounts with the different insurance agencies to procure and manage the Property, Liability, and Workers Comp & Health
Insurance for the company.

© Fikd the paperwork for the application and maintenance of the Business Licenses, ABC License and Health Department Permits required
to operate the restaurant and marina.

© Worked with the Bookkeeper, Accountant as well as the Local, State and Federal Tax authorities to process the required, weekly,
quarterly and annual, tax filings.

Accomplishments

© Was an Active member of the Eastem Shore of VA Chamber of Commerce & Tourism Commission for over 25 years.

© Committee member and Booth Captain of the Seafood Festival & Harvest Festivals, the two principal anmual fimdraiser’s, for the Chamber.
© Helped found the Eastem Shore Chapter of the Virginia Restaurant Association in 1984, which later became the Va. Hospitality & Travel
Association, VHTA.

Treasurer of the Eastem Shore Chapter, since it’s inception in 1986.

Helped found the Eastem Shore Chapter of the Recreational Fishing Alliance, RFA.

Wachapreague Town Planning Commission Member for eight years.

Helped design and build the 200 seat Island House Restaurant, which opened in the spring of 1979.

I was instrumental in building and maintaining the Island House's reputation, as one of the longest family owned and operated restaurant's, on
