IT CONSULTANT

Professional Summary

Support Engineer with Public Trust Clearance and 10 years of Information Technology experience in installing, maintaining, and repairing
hardware, software, and networks. Work well independently, or ina group setting providing all facets of server, computer and network support.
PO Penautsyecncie

Core Qualifications

Technical Hardware: Windows, Macintosh, IBM, Dell, Toshiba, Sony, HP, Cisco routers, switches, network printers Operating Systerns and
Networks: Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7, Vista, Windows XP, 2000, 98, Windows Server 2008, 2003, Linux, TCP/IP, DNS,
DHCP, FTP, VPN; OS X Lion and Mavericks Applications /Software Tools: Microsoft Office 2010, 2007 & 2003, Visio, Adobe Acrobat,
Photoshop, Lotus Notes, Symantec Ghost, Symantec PC Anywhere, Dameware, McAfee Antivirus, InageX, Trend, Putty, WebEX, Westlaw,
Parallels Desktop, Microsoft Virtual Server 2005, VM Infrastructure Client, Juniper & Cisco VPN Medical Applications: Casetrakker,
eClicalWorks Databases: Access and MySQL Ticketing Systems: Service Manager, Remedy, Heat, Altiris, Jira

schivor anes

September 2014

to

Novenber 2014

Oo ANE LO AEC MO cili cia

© Developed plan for network management platform for release software upgrades for SevOne customers, to include procedures and scripts
for backup, high availability continuity of polling during upgrade, and data stitching upon compktion.

© Backed up data, restored solutions and data migrations for hardware refresh, cluster migrations and cluster re-alignment projects with
OTN ie

* Actively contributed to the consistent improvement in processes and scripts/autormtion in delivery of services.

© Troubleshoot issues on Linux servers, Apache Web Server, MySQL, PHP and automation scripts for SevOne clients.

NO eomel

to

September 2014

OU INANE ON ABO CR aroste@onuinedg

ices ORME URLeNe Glog clo mcnclesRomitircieyes ore rmicete ie

© Provided tier 1-3 technical and application support for 60 headquarters staffand 900 remote medical staff users. 2,000 website users with
account creation, updating ofaccounts and issues with website.

Adrinistered and performed account creation, deletion, permissions and configuration for Medical Applications (Casetrakker and
eClnicalWorks) and also related network accounts in Active Directory.

* Tested Casetrakker medical software to identify root causes, verify reported problems or validate and verify resolved issues.

Setup user accounts, rights, security, systems and network groups with appropriate system and network privileges. Coordinated action with
local ITFO's to resolve issues that required escalated issues.

Performed peripheral and software installations and upgrades on Servers and Desktops including testing of peripheral integration with
eClinicalWorks and testing of new eClinicalWorks builds.

Traveled to field sites to as Lead Engineer for deployment, migration and desktop refreshes to new network.

Maintained IT hardware and peripheral inventory storage.

Developed and maintained test cases, create test data and gather results and/or statistics to allow for analysis of issues, leading to
satisfactory resolutions.

* Run 3rd party tools such as CDS admin to test workstations and Mid-Tier Diagnostics.

© Tested and provided technical support to local and Field Case Managers users for medical-related applications; eClinicalWorks,
appointment scheduling software, and various databases.

Maintained configuration management, IT procurement and maintenance renewal documentation. Created and updated network diagrams
PIS eave lca) AORN COLL UC Om eC eNTU OLIN

Installed, configured, and supported virtual machines in VMware Veenter.

PNT eb LOPAU sd

to

NO eomel

Oo ANE LO MAES CRSS crow Aerie ttclO)g

Provided tier 2 - 3 level support for 400 local end users and 150 remote users.

Performed computer and user account creation, deletion, and configuration in Active Directory.

SACHS CACO EINe rant ecko aN ee CcL Cae SK MIN PLC Me cineged strata

Innged computers and laptops using Ghost and ImageX.

Adninistered Symantec VERITAS Backup Exec to make sure backups are successfiil and change tapes.

Installed and configured Windows Server 2003 & 2008.

Adnminister Blackberry Exchange Servers; Reset passwords, wipe blackberry data.
GSnilceBs)aelNeommcoincloertnemcciueBsl ae teomaenrecriics WARS B omer hicane

Configured and troubleshoot network printers on a LAN. Performed LAN/WAN troubleshooting on any network.
Coordinated new desktop equipment deployment and mamge loaner hardware pool.
