CONSULTANT
Profile

Skilled professional with 15 years of experience in electrical and quality engineering for numerous engineering and quality control processes.
Expertise in creating detailed test plans and test cases for optimal quality control. Solid background in various testing methodologies for both client-
facing and non-client-facing procedures and products.

schivor anes
Customer Relations

SPA rns Rasem conte sd Ko Boot
CEP UCC usr eC caLa gy gee e CURR Re eee i bomie a oes scd
© A Improved employee-customer relations by providing social skills and managerial training to staff.

PAU eSLell Ay

© Oversaw quality assurance initiatives to design and implement products and processes for ongoing projects.

¢ Ensured optimal productivity and quality assurance initiatives by performing routine maintenance on electrical equipment.

© Review statistics and determine areas requiring enhancement, which includes inspecting sampkes and formulating improvement policies to
meet quality standards.

Leanne erm ere

BUCS ROC e SS an analysis,A failure Mode and Effect analysis, and forensic investigation of manufacturing and product
rod BSlinacw awa

* Wrote procedures and established practices to develop templates and docurrentation to improve forensic investigation for manufacturing
and product field failures. A

¢ Ensured proper documentation of phase deliverables in Products Design History and Technical Files.

Work History
Consultant 01/2009 to Current Company Name City , State

PUP Lacy ier ede ala UES eC ek La ce Retest LZ) loser WERT Cer ce
* ProvidedA failure analysis, engineering support, forensic investigation, and statistical data analysis.
© Provided training to staffin leadership, strategic planning, and organizational management.

Electrical Engineer 03/2007 to 11/2008 Company Name

© Provided Systems and Electrical Engineering Support for Government Programs Development.

© Supported vehicle hardware and integration, vehicle systems modeling and analysis, and systems requirements.

* Provided System Integration DesignA usining MIL-STD-1553 interface, ELA RS-422 interface design, USB and Ethernet interfitces.
© Performed Installation, Testing, and verification of Simulators’ Audio Visual Systems.

© Developed Vehick's Software Test Description (STD), Interface Design Description (IDD).

* Developed Interface Cable Systems for vehicles.

Principal Electrical Engineer 04/2005 to 11/2006 Company Name

Provided Engineering Support of Dialysis Instruments.

Planned and ke project fimctions.

Ure ecb el cUstitiLe lc mALU med ICMR Ode mua LOM at illcla nner gue ram@ Le) eB Ani cecm

Provided expert advise onA the Quality Improverent Team(QIT)

Performed products trend analysis, statistical data analysis calculations of raw data, DFMEAs, and design reviews.

Managed CAPA's and Risk assessment Analysis.

Ensured proper documentation of phase deliverables in Products Design History/Technical Files, Technical Summaries, Technical Manual.
Wrote Products Test Protocols and Procedures

Conducted Environmental Tests for product reliability.

Systems Engineer 08/2003 to 11/2004 Company Name

* Impkmented test plans, validation protocols, verified code changes, identified and investigated bugs.
© Performed stress tests and assessed product fimetionality and usability.

Electrical Engineer 10/2001 to 07/2003 Company Name City , State

¢ Designed power controls distribution and avionics wiring,
© Performed Analysis on Voltage Power Systemcontrol.
