CONSULTANT

bs hranianie
5 © Employee handbook development
* Employee relations A Pee onanseaane att
Ci corouidnecsisicaronasiciicd Ray eran tere rerrt
* Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills ae eater et ns
© Course Prep for SHRM-SCP (May 2017) . ria paver
schivor anes
Consultant Aug 2015 to Current

Company Name i City , State Create professional business presentations. Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific
servicesA could meet their needs. Developed innovative business plans and sales Se for customers. A Rese arched economic processing
factors to determine the best process and sales strategies. Coordinated and managed major proposal processes from initiation to implementation.
responses. Formukted a comprehensive business plan complete with clear and actionable sakes goals and targets. Analyzed client requirements,
created a business plan and drove strategy development. Planned and negotiated media buys, including TV, radio, print and digital.

Director Apr 2012 to Aug 2014

Company Name i City , State Carefillly selected, developed and retained qualified staff, as well as trained [murber] new staffannually. Created
annual goals, objectives and budget and nude recommendations to reduce costs. Assisted in the design and execution of programs that
contributed to a [%] growth of the organization in the [year] fiscal year. Administered, directed and coordinated the activities of the agency.
Served as liaison between managerment, clinical staffand the community. Expertly planned, coordinated, organized and directed all operations of
the agency. Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge of applicable state and Federal laws and regulations. Regularly evaluated employee
performance, provided feedback and assisted, coached and disciplined staff'as needed. Organized and Ied weekly personnel meetings with
[nurber] team members. Developed and managed budget and revenue expectations while actively seeking ways to eliminate or reduce expenses.
Revised policies and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal laws and regulations. Created and implemented the exit and
interview program process. Advised top management on appropriate employee corrective actions. Ran the bi-weekly payroll process.

Director Jul 2009 to Current

Company Name i City , State Created and implemented the exit and interview program process. Created and modified job descriptions within
all departments. Facilitated monthly meetings to develop strategies that would positively influence workphce relationships. Maximized company
revenue by [Action taken] . Identified key growth opportunities for the business through [Action taken] . Managed the day-to-day tactical and
long-term strategic activities within the business. Reduced and controlled expenses by improving resource allocation. Represented the agency to
goverment, finding and fickl sources at meetings and conferences. Addressed program and policy issues, developed best practices and improved
service delivery. Created executive analysis reports highlighting business issues, potential risks and profit opportunities. Negotiated and reviewed
business contracts and financial models with profitability and financial success in mind. Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce
company compliance. Addressed inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues.
Hurmn Resource Manager Jun 2007 to Sep 2009

Company Name i City , State Increased the employee base by [Number] % to meet changing staffing needs. Implemented an innovative
employee incentive program, which resulted ina [Number] % increase in staff productivity. Recruited and interviewed [Number] applicants per
[Time period] . Answered employee questions regarding [Topic] and [Topic] and resolved any issues. Advised managers on organizational policy
mmiters and recommend needed changes. Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. Served
as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related
probiens. Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants. Directed personnel, training and bor relations activities.
Hun Resource Assistant Jun 2003 to Sep 2007

Company Name i City , State Worked quickly and efficiently, with minimal oversight, to accomplish assigned duties. Improved accuracy of
payroll journal entries by developing and implementing a payroll reconciliation tool. Accurately processed data, validation and transmission for
weekly, semi-monthly and sale payrolls. Prepared and filed sales and use tax returns, tekecommumnications tax returns, gross receipts returns,
franchise tax returns, annual reports and other miscellaneous filings.

brairestbeny

Managerent Holmes Community College i City , State

Master of Science , Counseling Education and Education Psychology Psychology Mississippi State University Counseling Education and
Education Psychology Psychology

Bachelor of Science , Business Administration College of Business and Professional Studies, Mississippi University for Worren Business
Administration

Skills

as the orientation process for all new hires, which was impkemented company-wide. Sts lig decreased staff tumover by [Number] %
PAINE Dw W ara rersnncm nce nique tema kelsey Sonera We ctncct Ets centre aa nm Ue
Created [Number] -week virtual training sessions for a [Program type] ncn falveycctanl

Qualifications
