CONSULTANT
Summary

Versatike Management Professional trained in Insurance, Healthcare, Project Management, and Operational Leadership who thrives in dynamic,
challenging and fast-paced professional environments. Assertive and enthusiastic, with extensive knowledge of risk management and business
administration and an unsurpassed work ethic.

Highlights
¢ B2Bsaks and service
© Process improvement strategies
* Contract review & management © Lean, Agik, Six Sigma, and Project Management (PMP) Coursework
© Healthcare & Long-term care product expertise © Project development and Iife cycle management
© Indepth knowledge of markets and * Business mamgement methodology & procedure development
plsiLencni eg © Business and requirements analysis and workflow planning with quality assurance
© Chirs file management processes * Regubtory compliance; SOX and financial audits; HIPPA; Fair Credit Act
® Medical terminology and coding knowledge experience
© Insurance fraud expertise
© Mergers and acquisitions knowledge
schivor anes

Company Name City , State 07/2014 to 08/2015

Developed and managed annual budget in excess of S6 million while actively secking ways to eliminate or reduce expenses while exceeding
revenue expectations.

Drafied action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes of initiatives.

Monitored costs, timescales and resources used to achieve reserve accuracy and chins closure projects as well as stafling management and
retention projects running simultaneously.

Minimized staff tumover through appropriate selection, orientation, mentoring, training, staffeducation, communication, appreciation, and
Clave)

Delivered proactive account management by understanding client goals and objectives; implemented strategic relationship management
processes; developed and maintained client specific business plans; broadened relationships; managed fiduciary duties; identified
opportunities to increase assets and services.

Fully responsible for technical proficiency of the branch work product, to include compliance with client service instructions and
Faso OR GLETST Cee

Used various metric driven tools to evaluate performance and identify problem areas in advance of them becoming service issues.

Detailed knowledge of State and Federal Insurance laws; HIPPA; Privacy Act; OSHA; Operations regulations; Affordable Health Care
Act; ICD-10 changes; security management; and more.

Oversaw compliance and best practice reporting while demonstrating a thorough understanding of corporate policies and procedures.
Communicated with clients, carriers and brokers ina professional, positive and proactive manner.

Provided exceptional analytical and problem solving skills to all areas of business operations and management.
OiteRoocicreoculle eC olmcoa ee Laueel ice nemnareatilLeckulaicin aes

Provided the skill set and oversight to actively review work of others via file reviews; identified and acted on needed coaching opportunities
and positioned subordinates for successful development leading to advancement within the organization.

Revised policies and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal hws and regulations.

Company Name City , State Consultant 09/2011 to 07/2014

Transkted observational data from contextual investigations, interviews and natural observations into user needs and fimctional
fpeeniLc tO Ce

Wrote unique text for Retail and Service websites, including general and branded content.

Prooffead and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style.

Developed creative ideas and concepts in partnership with the art director.

Updated company website content including contact informtion, articles and services.

Reviewed and edited colleagues written work for grammar, tone, voice and creative quality.

Company Name City , State Director of Operations 02/1999 to 10/2013

Initiated programs that standardized employee training and Ied to increase in custorrer satisfaction by over 16%,

Regulttory management and compliance; HIPPA, Fair Credit Act, Privacy Act, State and Federal regulatory control for medical and
financial services - maintained up to date understanding of hws and regulations and oversaw staff in docurrentation and management of
Scuccdlnnece hem ieeeccccd

Provided Insurance and Risk Management services to individuals, businesses, and non-profit entities/govermments as well as loss contro!
and safety/prevention guidance.

Served as Consultant and Professional Expert to Clients for Medicare Part D; Med Supps; Affordable Care Act; Advantage Plans as well
as various other life, health, and annuity plans.

Managed agency budgets and accounts including payable/receivabk, invoicing, P&L, and account reconciliations and all accounting
