CONSULTANT
[Osheue Oona ang

Experienced self-starter who is highly customer service-oriented, organized and possesses strong time management skills. Qualified Customer
Service Rep with 13 years ina detaitoriented customer service and call center enviroments; offering a record of successfill job performance
through problem solving and experience developing and implementing innovative solutions.

Core Strengths
© Seasoned in conflict resolution
© Telephone inquiries specialist

Farananr ¢ Exceptional telephone etiquette
laden a ‘ © Patient and diligent
 Systemchecks and troubleshooting | Saree Tet
ue Sree
CME Z Oooo a Nth. y AACN
© Service solutions expert

Accomplishments

Customer Assistance A

© Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Customer Service A

© Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Customer Interface A

© Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
* Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.

Aug oanan at acs
Consultant 07/2013 to 08/2015 Company Name City , State

Accounting Skills Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
HOTA cco UIacee Oecd evecmia aes hrtLe seid ime GLa Ueceleed o iacsiicA WE RO Ceaniegecesle ie
Sales Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

Product Sales Cross-sokl services at a rate of 30%, upgrading customers to different products and product packages.
Market Research Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.
Customer Interface Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

FCO CCR Oe ERC LCR PO Les eT OR Ea riba MOUs COM LeeLee Lee ceake

Rental Agent 09/2014 to 07/2015 Company Name City , State

Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achieverrent of production goals.Opened and assigned new client
accounts.Researched and resolved billmg and invoice problers. Responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-buikding
expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers.

Cashier 11/2009 to 07/2014 Company Name City , State

Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.

Trained 37 new employees quarterly.

Developed highly empathetic client relationships and eamed reputation for exceeding sales goals.
Achieved high sales percentage with consullative, value-focused customer service approach.
Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.
Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.

Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning,

Expressed appreciation and invited customers to retum to the store.

Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each customer.
Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency cal-outs.
Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and customers via mail, e-mail and fax.
Assisted customers with store and product comphints.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphints.

Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.

Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.
Recommended, selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Regularly sought opportunities to up sell and add on additional merchandise.
