CONSULTANT
[Osheue Oona ang

More than 6 years of experience in Manufacturing & Distributions environments, including 4 years in Oracle manufacturing and Distributions
applications.

Impknented 5 fill cycle oracle implementation projects, Experienced in customizing, developing and configuring Oracle Applications in the
modules of Supply Chain and Manufacturing,

Impkmented Oracle EDI for the Sales Order entry and Warehouse Operations for the customer and Designed custom interfaces for PLM
tools to communicate with oracle Item master.

Experience in requirements gathering, gap analysis, business process redesign and mapping, testing and user training, documentation of
activities, processes, test scripts and client interaction.

Sound communication skills, result oriented, open to leaming new technologies, experience in working under pressure and in fast pace as a
team keader and as a team player.

Well - traveled and posses a clear and definitive understanding of the regional business ethics, culture and decorumso as to maintain a
harmonious balance.

alg

¢ Applications : R12 and Ili

© Modules : Inventory (INV), Bill of Materials (BOM), Work in Process (WIP), Engineering (ENG), Order Management (OM), Purchasing
(PO), Oracle EDI Gateway, Shipping Execution, System Administration, Material Requirement Planning (MRP), iProcurerent,
Quality(QA), Approval Management (AME), Oracle Endeca.

© Tools/Language : Toad, Data Load, Visio, SQL, SQL Developer, MS Office Suite.

Aug oanan at acs
Consultant , 02/2016 1% Current Company Name 14 City , State

Worked on solution design and setup of Inventory, Work in Process, QA, Purchasing & Order Managerrent as per the client requirements
and suggested business process changes. 7 .

Inpkemented Oracle EDI for Sales Order entry,A bookingA and acknowledgment for customer orders received through third party

ES nay

Impknented Oracle E-Signatures and E-records to maintain Quality data books of every manufactured assembly, reducing gaps and saving
(oN

Designed, documented and executed all SCM moduks for 3 implerrentations in North American region.

Resolved fimctional issues related to Oracle Manufacturing and distribution during implementation.

Prepared training documents and assisted in user training in WIP, OM & PO moduks.

Worked on data conversion strategy fiom legacy systems to Oracle E-business suite R12.

Consultant , 08/2013 1% 01/2016 Company Name if City , State

Impkrented oracle supply chain modules for a major Oil & Gas manufacturing company in Australia, Canada,A China, Romania and UK
as part of their global roll out to Orack.

© Simplified their overhaul and repair process by implementing a custom solution that reduces user’s time on the system as well as resulting a
more organized shop floor.

Impkmented Oracle EDI for Sales Order Pick release and shipping transactions based on information received from third party systems in
Warehouse.

Worked on data conversion issues from Legacy systems to Orack.

Developed custom reports for customer facing documents as well as intemal documentation.

Enhanced a custom interface between a PLM toolePIMS) and orack.

Peat ipuiKoeRsg It mats Lene eisuaince te sltlbalce

Trained users in different regions of the world on all supply chain moduks and cMRO.

i Loren teed Bordon een cet Cond Catered Om crete ate

Developed best business process blueprint that suits the client's multi industry business by studying their business process in each vertical.

Student Partner , 08/2010 1% 07/2013 Company Name 1 City , State

© Brought awareness on latest Microsoft's technologies to more than 5000 students and faculty.

© Increased the number of developers on Microsoft store by collaborating with various universities and developer groups.
© Designed Lazy chef A windows store app during the launch of Windows 8.

© Pitched a windows app idea that got me to meet and present it to Steve Balmer, CEO of Microsoft then.

Manager , 03/2011 i 08/2013 Company Name iA City , State

CRS Sinisa eeache Bene LccoMcle mn Lanne cance kel AU Cebu oaccwlen Voile
© Trained more than 10000 participants in the streams of Robotics, embedded systems and application development.
* Worked with Orient Backswan in making a textbook for students of various universities on presentation skills.
