ONION (Gl VAC OO OVS y
Executive Profile

Education and project management consultant with a career path that emphasizes strategy and development. Throughout my career, my passion
has been supporting high-level influencer’s in educational and youth-serving nor- profit organizations in both strategic and tactical decision-making, I
have worked in high-performance and high impact educational organizations for 15 years. I aman effective motivator and results oriented leader
with a passion for excellence and working with diverse individuab. I have superior cross-fimetional and remote team communication skills, and am
committed to follow through on all challenges for ultimate organization success.

Skill Highlights
* Project Management
* Social Entrepreneurship : Hie
© Service Quality Improvement . 5 .
aster © Business and Strategic Planning
a nny teen © Cultural Competency ; ;
© Facilitation, Training, and Instructional Design © Knowlkdge Mamgement Systems Design and Implementation

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
© US Amy Veteran. Logistics and Supply Specialist. Honorably Discharged.

© Scrum Agile Expert Certified. Understands Agile philosophy and practices including Scrum, Kanban, DSDM, Crystal, XP, and FDD;
Has a working knowledge of the various Agile and Lean project management methodologies; Has ability to compare and choose which
methodology would be appropriate ina given situation.

* PMP. Application in process.

Professional Experience
Owner/Principle Consultant May 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Manages a portfolio of higher education, youth and family-serving non-profit clients.

* Provides developrent, IT strategy and knowledge management systems consultation, advice and impkmentation.

© Provides operational workflow support, project planning, project management, management training, and technical writing of grant
proposals, reports, press kits and master economic development plans.

Continuing Education Instructor Jan 2013 to Jun 2015
Company Name i City , State

* Consistently receives high evaluation ratings by CT State Employees and professional students for personal leadership and productivity
Cooltnsecm

© Provides instruction in Traditional and Waterfall Project Management methods.

* Uses ADDIE instructional design method to roll out continuing education courses that meet the needs of adult lamers.

Project Manager Jum 2005 to Nov2011
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Developed and directed 6-year $1.225 million grant program designed to teach library and IT staffat 25 colleges and universities skills
consistent with meeting needs of 21st century leamers.

* Led team of project staffand a consultant to design a sustainable business model for grant partner organization. Conducted business
planning activities. Facilitated strategy sessions with high evel directors and influencer’s across multiple educational organizations.
Developed financial models.

© Managed both on location and remote grant project staff Developed communication plans. Oversaw project team tasks and schedule.
Managed vendors. Implemented dashboard task and resource management system,

© Administered, managed and successfilly closed grant program budget. Managed estimated versus actual budget. Reviewed and edited

budget reports in collaboration with Financial Specialist.

Submitted reports and final deliverables aligned with sponsor requirements.

Developed training program for IT and Library staff in digital preservation tools and techniques.

Traveled to partner institutions to provide workflow support and acquire resources in support of local institutional preservation program

Finn yenrennitees

© Designed quality management plan. Reviewed project quality based on plan requirerrents.

Assistant Librarian to Director of Distributed Leaming Aug 2001 to Jun 2005
Company Name i City , State

¢ Researched effective delivery models for consultation services, including marketing, production, intellectual property, and service quality
evaluation methods in support of DCAPS.
