CONSULTANT

Education and Training

Master of Health Administration 2015 University of Missouri i City , State

Master of Science , Health Informatics and Bioinformatics 2015 University of Missouri 4 City, State Health Informatics and Bioinformatics
Bachelor of Science , Business Administration - Marketing 2011 University of Missouri 14 City , State Business Administration - Marketing

alg

* Healthcare Analytics (4 years), Physician Engagerrent (2 years), Project Management (4 years), Consulting
© 2 years), Sales (5 years), Marketing Strategy (4 years), Tableau (2 years), Excel (5 years), Excel (5 years),
© Public Speaking (5 years), Machine Leaming (2 years), Financial Analysis (5 years), Databases (1 year),

* SQL(I year), Business Development (3 years), Business Intelligence (2 years), User Experience Design (2

BS)

schivor anes
Consultant Jun 2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Inception, design, sakes, and implementation of consulting services in over 15 hospitals across the US.

Produce and execute work plans to achieve clinical, operational, and financial improverrent initiatives.

Develop rapport with hospital executives, hospital staff, and physicians to foster hi-performance tears.

Analyze financial, patient experience, throughput, and quality data to develop clear strategic actions plans.

Presents clearly and concisely to physicians and executives to persuade and drive change.

Train new analyst and consultants in analytic tools such as MySQL, Excel, Tableau, and Weka.

Assist in the development, design, and sales of propitiatory mobile applications used for physician compliance and contracting.
The application is currently available on both (OS and Android.

Author white papers and web content which are used for client marketing and client education.

Health Plan Financial Analyst May 2014 to May 2015
Company Name i City , State

Created automated pricing tools based on contractual language and multiple drug lists.

Developed predictive models which accurately assessed member risk of year over year PMPM shift.
Queried and built client facing reports using Teradata, Excel, and PowerPoint.

Produced management dashboards with key performance indicators for senior leaders.

Investigated and analyzed Rx trend reports for clients, account teams, and other functional areas.
Compiled and analyzed multisource data to prepare contract adjustment reports.

Collaborated with competitive intelligence department to develop incurrbent responsive pricing strategies.
Built customized reports in collaboration with clients to investigate patient Rx utilization.

Business Analyst Aug 2013 to May 2014
Company Name i City , State

Developed interactive Business Intelligence dashboards for clients to measure return on investrrent.

Established new saks strategies and value propositions for the sales team

Created market impact maps in ArcGIS to assist the strategic expansion of MHC services.

Project owner for Office 365 and SharePoint implementation.

Results included eliminating costs for local file servers, optimizing file access & auditing capabilities, and promoting collaboration.
Led HIPAA audits that resulted in the implementation of numerous physical and technological safeguards improving compliance and
minimizing the risk of financial exposure.

Designed and distributed patient consent documentation in collaboration with Health Literacy Missouri.

Monitored and audit enterprise master patient index database using InterSystems' HealthShare platform

Marketing Manager Jim 2011 to Aug 2013
Company Name i City , State

Created and developed online marketing strategy with integrated website to improve lead generation and minimize response tine.
Measurable impact included an increase of new unit sales by 35% and being awarded first place in district growth in 2012,

Leveraged marketing analytics on existing customer database to better align departmental sales promotion with customer demographics and
seasonality demand.

© Directly sokd major units to customers and consistently awarded for performance in both volume and margin levels.

Project manager for implementation of customer reward systems software which included a proof of concept, fimding request, installation,
training, and post installation nm magement.
Troubleshoot hardware and software issues in multiple departrents.

Accomplishments

Project Management Professional (PMP) - Eligible GROUPS Health Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) 2013 to
Present HIMSS is a global, cause-based, not-for-profit organization focused on better health through information technology.
