ORO aR ONO My AN EY
Stn enatard
As you will see on my resume, I have the required experience, education, and training you seek in a candidate. In addition, I ama military spouse
and have a vast understanding of goverment regulations, policies, and procedures. I am very competent in managing an organizations financial
resources and feel I would be an excellent addition to your company. I would like to thank you for considering my application. I am very excited at
the prospect of working for your team I amavailbke to meet with you at your earliest convenience to discuss the position and my resume. You
Pica o we ea eked siee® Sau Geel ROM Mruiciclte mena LOM RCO n Mile hOce amy AUIS AO RNC ap ecd
CC hc Le nononeonlimemeree cctiny
Shean rane

© Microsoft Office Suite;ability to accurately type 40 WPM

¢ Experienced volunteer providing animal care at local shelters; bathed, groomed and temperament tested animals for adoptability

Experience
Jewelry Consultant
September 2014 to Jamary 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Greeted and provided front-line customer service to patrons; assisted with product selection, provided information and made
Premenn ape erie tm

Determined customer needs and prepared proposals/products to compkte sakes.

Marketed services and bundled packages; met and/or exceeded corporate saks.

Assembied displays and arranged merchandise/accessories as shown in sketches; maintained clean and orderly areas and displays.
WorerinckcedniN Oe eiaanle cece inecmi neve eniecm tli tae elec oka a am

Examined merchandise and ensured pricing/display accuracy and product fimctionality.

Receptionist and Data Entry Clerk
September 2012 to March 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Provided administrative support to internal and external customers; answered phones, took messages, provided information, and directed
individuals/calls to staff members.

Prioritized/scheduled daily work operations; effectively managed time and resources.

Sil ccd rameis Cnc bees eco ecmal ance B NUNN ce cerium onan mneeeheecaen yitrecmn kann ean lingy |
Ua MKC N erT ecm

Compketely and accurately documented forms and records in accordance with policies.

Maintained contact with clients until confirmed delivery of goods; effectively resolved customer concemss at the lowest managerial level.
Conducted inventories and ensured asset balance and accountability; labeled inventory and ensured appropriate stock levels were
mnintained to meet customer demand.

PO ucla mecoileen nab tees enmOb ra Dvn Hig ioe benemo CMC ome CRMs aleclir Mendes niae (am

Oe ROrha yon cay
July 2011 to January 2013 Company Name i City , State

Ce rl coc Kchen Rete Ora i cae yow rae ne hune yom aces oe italy mestemce ttiam

Planned and conducted effective child development programs to meet the physical, social, emotional, and intellectual needs of individual
oinelonn

Coordinated age-appropriate play/leaming activities aimed at fostering development.

Used appropriate child guidance and care giving techniques; detected early signs of distress and redirected behaviors.

Led and interacted with chiddren in song, games, finger play, and other activities; helped children develop self-help skills such as serving
food, zipping jackets, tying shoes, and hand washing,

Prepared snacks and meals using safe food handling procedures and dietary guidelines.

Maintained accountability and safety of chiddren at all tines; certified in pediatric, infant, and adult CPR.

Sitch Mame thominninlve toca aceon Mm ymene nce iii cna

Experienced working with a variety of personalities and ability levels; skilled at adjusting responses to suit individual needs.

Taught chikren how to redirect negative behavior through feelings identification, compromise, and communication.

Education

Diplo : General Studies , 2012 Byron P. Steele II High School 1% City , State General Studies

Interests

Otero County Animal Control Shelter, Volunteer, Alamogordo, NM 2014 - 2015 Schertz Animal Shelter, Vohnteer, Cibolo, TX 2006 - 2014
Future Farmers of America, Mermber/Vohmteer, Cibolo, TX 2009 - 2012 Thespian Club, Member, Cibolo, TX 2008 - 2011

Nails

POC eT Meat oO Doom r a mS IMC M ABT Lar Myla @O sien nmi cern Ontere
phone system, copiers, policies, pricing, proposals, safety, sales, scanner, phones, type 40 WPM

PcGreosspioniabeny

¢ COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT: Otero County Animal Control Shelter, Volunteer, Ahmogordo, NM 2014 - 2015 Schertz Animal
Shelter, Volunteer, Cibolo, TX 2006 - 2014 Future Fanrers of Amcrica, Mermber/Vohmnteer, Cibolo, TX 2009 - 2012 Thespian Club,
