CONSULTANT
Summary

[job tithe) with more than [number] years of experience planning, developing and impkerenting [program or process] .Experienced manager with
excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and
business audiences. high level of client interaction utilizing my extensive knowledge and experience in the retirement and compensation fields.

Resourcefil, Responsible, Results-oriented, Seasoned, Self-directed, Service-driven, Skilled, Strategic, Superior, Talented, Versatik, Well-
qualified, Adaptable, Ambitious, Analytical, Articulate, Award-winning, Business-sawvy, Client-focused, Committed, Conscientious, Consistent,
Creative, Customer-focused, Customer-service focused, Deadline-driven, Deadline-oriented, Dedicated, Dependabk, Detail-oriented,
Disciplined, Driven, Dynamic, Effective, Energetic, Experience, Expert, Flexible, Focused, Gifted, Hands-on, Hardworking, Highly motivated,
High-performing, Innovative, Mature, Meticulous, Motivated, Multi-task-oriented, Organized, Outstanding, Performance driven, Personable,
Positive, Pragmatic, Proactive, Productive, Proficient, Reliable, AccomplishedHighly qualified, detail-oriented and hardworking [Job Titk] with
more than [Number] years of experience. Proficient in research, writing, case management and client relations. Expert computing and technology
skills including competence in multiple software applications, website design (HTML), CMS and hosting, networking issues and social media.

Perentens
© Cost Benefit Analysis (CBAs)

Aan © Productivity improverrent
: eseeeaenaiamaaall CEB recexoA@libeeniiitoxeaus
© Unsurpassed work ethic : Naaaelas wn ig
© Results-oriented sana
are © Superb time management
schivor anes
Consultant

January 1997 to August 2015 Company Name - City , State

¢ Planned, designed and implemented retirement and compensation programs of varying size and scope.

© Provided technical and consulting services on qualified and non-qualified retirement, compensation and incentive plan issues to clients and
Cline mueln in altos

¢ Prepared plan documents, amendments, summary plan descriptions and employee meeting materials for retirement, incentive and

compensation programs.

Impkmented policies and procedures to administer executive compensation programs.

© Designed multiple costing, accounting and tax models to assist clients with selection of program alternatives.

© Performed various market analyses for clients to determine competitiveness to market in the areas of compensation and benefits.

Primary Administrative Consultant
January 1995 to January 1997 Company Name - City , State

« Administered multiple clients' defined contribution retirerent plans.

© Prepared and filed IRS Form 5500 series reporting Prepared all required plan compliance testing including ADP/ACP testing, top heavy
testing, annual additions testing, minimum coverage testing and other required discrimination testing.

* Impkmented systems to automate multiple job fimctions.

© Consistently exceeded target fee realization ratios on all client relationships.

Treasury Analyst
January 1993 to January 1995 Company Name - City , State

© Designed and maintained cash collection and disbursement systems.

Managed short-term cash/debt balances and daily bank relationships.

Managed execution of wire transfers and foreign exchange transactions.

Prepared financial reports and developed spreadsheets and programs for financial modeling and forecasting.
Provided information systems support to treasury department.

iors eval nte
January 1992 to January 1993 Company Name - City , State

Assisted with the selection and review of phan trustees, investment managers, record keepers and actuaries.

Monitored performance and activity of company's domestic defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans.

Acted as linison between phan trustee, record keeper, actuary and intemal benefits department.

Responded to participant questions on plan investrents Completed annual reporting with Internal Revenue Service, Departrrent of Labor,
Securities Exchange Commission and Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation.

¢ Prepared annual board reports on global pension plan performance.

piniorat]
January 1991 to January 1992 Company Name - City , State
