IT CONSULTANT
Professional Profile
Accomplished Senior IT Engineer with demonstrated ability to analyze business requirements and create effective technical solutions applicable to
diverse industries. Serves as strategic partner to senior management, identifying business requirements, aligning IT assets with company goals and
making key strategic contributions. An experienced Network Engineer with excellent troubleshooting skills.
renner

© Over 15 year experience in Design, instalation and managerment of data and voice network. © Academic background includes

Pe rasa ae PUM EneBMCHB ace MNT OE atenS eas id Doerr) Bachelor's degree in Electrical
controlkrs, Exchange, SQL Database and Web servers, Novell servers and Linux servers; Engineering and Master of
setup and configure virtual servers using VMWARE/ESXi and Hyper-V. Information Systens.

Areas of Expertise

aS crea Seer kee anaes Ese CRE EBL coed esi eee EEO On CMT CRE Tee Bien SIS Nek NCO
Meraki, Soniewall, HP, Dell and Juniper

Design, Install, configure, troubleshoot, and maintain routed LAN, routed WAN, Switched Network, Wireless Network, VPN and remote
access thru Citrix or Terminal services.

PEE aU Lae nas ON RSAC rehire PAUSE oa toma PtP SES o sere
Windows 2012 Server, Active Directory, WEB Server, Exchange 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, Office 365 and SQL 2000, 2005,
2008, 2012, 2014 server.

Se Suee mii nut oo Porab ronan RR OL eM cea isne nek ern \iscckscatan
Se uel Are ENC Maines sal ci CMR Loe ance Renindone caer eck a ESP eee D Sete ctal ry

Extensive knowledge of computer applications such as Spreadsheets, Accounting and E-mails (Exchange and GroupWise), Office 365,
Medical Programs (Practice Management, EHR/EMR, Medical Billing and Coding). Advanced knowkdge of MS-Office 2003, 2007,
PAU UU EB rocco om mulcmo tere relngeece ere CPi Ss tral Need

Advanced knowledge of regulatory and compliance obligations associated with HIM Operations including coding.

Experience
IT Consultant
Noverber 2011 to Current Company Nanr 1% City , State

Provides hardware and software specifications to users based on application and business needs and anticipated growth, installs new
servers, routers, firewall and maintains the entire infrastructure.

Recommends changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to
proposed changes.

Performs troubleshooting for complex hardware, software and network problens.

PTT reece Oe enone tn Ren ACCU sure M TSEC Sp eR Lay IRR ese mea ort ScT oe

Olea cut R ona e scum c Wom ee suceng cts ume skeen) scare ee liiree
Researches, evaluates and recommends new and more efficient software and hardware products.

OBIE een someon moet enna bergen stew iin tnt Ghee etter nee reel
configurations.

Manages major upgrades of systems and/or relocation offices and facilities including assessment of requirements through to implementation
BTR ee ese) LOW aN

WW Gretecninied macs ee MENT AlNli Sart Brosertirer eRe eBranecan ace ace

TT Consultant/Analysts/Network Engineer
Noverber 2009 to October 2011 Company Name

Pe Gon Etyebistis a seca e NON LAS oa hae lt NT Ob aN Reebcat am orn eeccetre Routes meetin cereal
UCC ICAU A OUEST Leb HEdunceona ecru arnt ccrm@e bod dete erecmnercde lca meer cer esc comity nena oe

monitoring, and performance tuning,

POO OR HGH MT eurtecenemeecclM VAMC i@ shook acca

Maintain and update company's websites, Server's firmware, patches and service packs

Manage backup, image ofservers and workstations and disaster recovery architecture.

AY ee a or ece ne ONO Omen i Cnromruncrns Rccate tae

Maintain SQL databases, create, modify and optimize as necessary to increase productivity.

fester untiecpraniouae lion one bLa Ane oeckn acre nite arrcne

le SEER eo cab Sone Aches UNE ra en ceecoe nel uenal nes ues er cadceM wor urtel ram nt ce ateccn
responsbility as assigned.

Provided annual savings through implementation of automated data system utilizing latest technologies

Responsibk for HIM operations involving continuous evaluation and re-engineering of applicable processes and organizational design based
Once Langelanencaccny

Ensures the efficient day-to-day operations of the HIMS departments within a cluster.A Establish procedures & practices within
organizational policies & service standards & ensure the prompt resolution of internal customer & member concems.

ete rl cmablba cele condo enmain Mca LL a SUNS ce ae ecc timer ome areas orop cen et te
medical information to client staff & providers.
