CONSULTANT

Professional Summary

Accomplished seller with marketing and entrepreneurial chops. Proven record of exceeding service standards and outpacing performance goals.
Solid technical background with a focus on B2B SAAS and programmntic advertising. Motivated, teanroriented and enthusiastic about helping

companies grow.
Skills
Cameos
© Interpersonal communication
Ce ey ors) CaO nicts
© Network development © Content creation
© Lead prospecting CaO) onic
© Interpersonal communication skills © Client
© Brand marketing Cab hicag
© Business development Cie yrecirame ane ee ieand
© Product development Cae rzeeriuva
CeO caneaiet en] ¢ Editorial
Cer areola OF ¢ Finance
Or seo rest ea (aes ce » Managing
Created Ca lecatii
Ce 2745) © Meetings
* Bilng © Enterprise
Da 5.800). Dacia
¢ Brand strategy CSc
Ce siheteacy Camco iheced
¢ Business development Cesietiness
me Castalia
Le ghee
Cs
Work History

Consultant , 01/2020 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Project manage drinkbumpcofite.com and sheau.com website launches.

© Oversee marketing, content creation, and 3rd party integrations for all three brands.

© Prospect and onboard 100+ traditional retailers and D2C e-commerce brands to Sheau within first 3 months through in person meetings,
cold emuils and phone calks.

© Sourced 30+ new rehtionships with VC's, like-minded brands and affiliates to partner with Sohuis on content and events.

Senior Account Executive , 03/2019 to 01/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Grew $500K book of business by 10% through cross-sell and up-sell opportunities while managing pipeline of 60+ enterprise brands.

PEG raat ciae)seoninke oa eet gl TORN Ra ce RUC a CULO SMe lubed Cuan OOM es Laumninerticiign a
Perna

© Created new process for documenting sales "wins" that was implemented company wide.

Senior Account Executive , 04/2018 to 03/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Achieved $224K in new business selling influencer marketing solutions to C-suite executives.
© Brought on company's first airline client, which was self-sourced and opened up new revenue channel
© Spearheaded cast coast agency business working internally with marketing and finance to develop new pitch and terms.

Xoo a Byice 0 mm IKI PAN Wm ORM Ts20) es)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Managed $1MM quarterly pipeline selling programmntic advertising solutions to agencies and brands.
Cs beim ep ler a amr Ric mB er enone coli ca eco am
© Exceeded quarterly quotas hitting 123% to goal in Q4 2017.

Account Manager , 06/2015 to 03/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CEH ecm eyiy Ee Merinene romney ee aipccninmuors nim neko iau orl broccoli buerlkcs nest niveleks ied
re rnccn
* Addressed problems with accounting, billing and service delivery to maintain and enhance client satisfaction.
