CONSULTANT

Summary

Resourcefitl Marketing Manager accomplished in all aspects of program and project management, content/collateral development, web/online
marketing, including web development and design, social media, and SEM. Self-starter skilled at analyzing market trends and

customer/stakehokler needs to develop and manage highly- effective programs and campaigns. Team phyer with strong ability to commumicate
effectively with technology, and business audiences.

Sharan
© Web Marketing
© Product Marketing © Web & Content Design
¢ Event Marketing * Creative/Collateral Design, Development & Management
© Marketing & Corporate Communications ¢ Japanese Localization

Accomplishnents

© Organized and co-produced Japan's first large-scale multimedia event Digital Be-In Tokyo 95 collaborating with Verbum Inc. and IDG
Japan, and delivered a short keynote at the event in Japan

© Translated i€ocLegal Care For Your Softwarea€ by Daniel Remer and a€o:JAWS MAUIZ€ by Charks Lyon which were successfilly
pba opoem ness) ors)

¢ Wrote and published articles in publications both in the US and Japan

© Increased company revenue by $3 million each through OEM marketing programs and account managerment at GO and 3Com

Experience
LOC RUPLI MO ROracan mur clin ahh Ol NmmS IIe)

¢ Consulted for firms including Customers Matter, Panasonic USA, VS Technologies, and Uniforce Sales & Engineering, My services
included; ProgranyProject Management, market research, event manage website design &development, Content/Collateral Development
and Management Event Managerment Public Relations, Japanese Localization and Management. Successfilly launched new company
website and raised the company's visibility in the market for Uniforce Sales & Engineering by developing architecture, UI, content, and
managing the back-end development with an agency.

Business Developnnt Director 03/2012 to 04/2013 Company Name City , State

Successfillly opened company’s first operation in the US. Identified, developed and evaluated business development and marketing strategies
based on company objectives and market trends. Successfitlly raised company visibility, increased sakes by 70% with marketing programs and
developing new English website, including architecture, content, UI, and PHP pages.

US Business Development Manager 10/2006 to 07/2008 Company Narre City , State

Developed and implemented business development and murketing strategies for Machine Vision products. Successfiilly established visibility in the
market through events, ads, and updating company website.

Director, North Asia Marketing 10/1999 to 06/2001 Company Name City , State

Developed, budgeted, and implemented marketing plans for China, Japan, and Korea. Managed Japanese localization of company website.
Successfully supported all country managers and channel partners in exceeding revenue goals through these marketing programs.

Consultant 01/1993 to 10/1999 Company Name City , State
Consulted for firms including Sybase (SAP), Claris (Apple), Fractal Design (Core), National Semiconductor J, Dun & Bradstreet J, PacBell (AT
&T), and Intelligard (EMC). My services included program/project development & management, account management, event management,
public relations and corporate communications, collateral design, development and production, and Japanese localization.

© Successfilly assisted PacBell in rolling out new DSL marketing campaign by setting up telemarketing infrastructure

© Successfilly hunched corporate identityat press events for National Semiconductor Japan

¢ Successfilly managed a product hunch event for Dun & Bradstreet Japan

CRe Gontirccbnensrenecs Nie eumiccer ea pentane oma cac pein)
© Successfully launched new products in Japan through a variety of events and programs including localization for Sybase

Japan OEM Program Mamager 01/1991 to 01/1992 Company Nanr City , State

Developed and managed marketing strategies and programs for each OEM prospect. Successfully sold OEM licenses to 3 prospects and
increased company revenue by $3 million . Assisted with Japanese localization of presentation and manual

Japan Marketing Manager, Product Manager 05/1988 to 08/1991 Company Narre City , State
Successfilly hunched 3+ Open for Macintosh by developing and implementing MRD and integrated marketing plans as Product Manager.
