BUSINESS CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

TT Business/Sales/Operations position where my experience and technical knowledge can contribute and positively impact strategic improvennnis.
Drive and support change for process improvement, implement technology solutions in fast paced evolving environments. I enjoy interacting with
peopk to solve problens creatively and appreciate working in a diverse environment.

A Technology / OPERATIONS 10+ years working in technical and operations environments supporting engineering, hurran resources, operations
and finance teams. Procure hardware and software, provide quotes, detailed reporting utilizing an Access and CRM/Salesforce databases.
Manage projects, timelines and teams to improve quality of methods and presentations to key stakeholders. IT Helpdesk response team - build
client and server systems to business specifications, install OS, applications based on department needs, utilize Active Directory to provide
updated information to management, deploy hardware, software, troubkeshoot and resolve issues on notebooks, desktop and servers. Supporting
Microsoft, MAC O$, Android and iPhones. MCSE and Currently enrolled in Appk Training. Track and analyze technical training, developed
curriculum, procured software and implemented courses for engineers and managerent. Prioritized organizational needs, attention to detail within
project timelines to exceed business requirements for technical training certifications. Microsoft Office Expert Support strategic initiatives by
mmintaining servers and systems, on site DR implementation. Utilizing MS Active Directory and OS MDM to monitor systems and applications,
support, troubleshoot and provide appropriate application access to cross fimctional teams whik maintaining system uptime. Management Led the
internal IT Team and team of IT consultants to successfillly rollout 22 branch Microsoft Exchange migration. Prepared the environment, managed
the train the trainer for the business teams and successfully completed the migration within the 6-month timeframe, exceeding the requirements in
preparation for the company acquisition. Offered a new position within the new company. Lead and built strong relationships with the business
units, program managers, engineering and management to identify technology needs, brain storm solutions, document and impkment new
processes which defined and exceeded management operational goals and KPIs. Direct Sales teams to position products and services which
would drive margin improvenrnis. Provide weekly cost/benefit analysis reports which ead to 94% increase in complete responses for
RFQ'S/RFP's and SOWs. Sales 6+ years Fickl Sales providing Mobility, Data Center, Networking, Cloud, Security, and Professional services
and solutions to Enterprise customers. Understand the customer needs, goals and KPI's and their IT environment to be abk to provide the
appropriate technology solution, or altemative solution to solve problems. Partner with subject matter experts to deliver web-based solutions to C-
kevel executives, IT tears and procurement. Build and establish solid relationships with customers to understand their current technical
environment, growth initiatives and end goals to better provide services and solutions which solve immediate challenges and a path to meeting their
end goals. Provide technical presentations, manage product life cycles, partner with OEMs and distribution channels to exceed customer
satisfaction from order to fulfillment. Consistently build pipeline to meet and exceed 3X goals, forecast monthly/quarterly revenues and margin.
Customer focused, oversee the technical team in execution of services and results, meeting and exceeding customers KPI's and business goak.
Power user with Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Salesforce. Utilizing research engines and web tools understand the competition, search for new
accounts with projects that align with our solutions and services to call. Document all activities within CRM/Saksforce. Communication
Interpersonal and cross-fimctional communication skills, effective presentations, ability to multi-task and prioritize, time management. Creative,
confident, alvays leaming and flexible in understanding needs and working with diverse teams. Ability to share technical information with non-
technical teams where they can relate and understand in a non-condescending, positive and leaming enviromrent.

Skills
* Complex data transformations © Project management
© Data operations abilities © Conflict resolution
© Ability to validate data © Efficient multitasker
* Exceptional interpersonal commumication ¢ Deadline-oriented
© Project development ¢ Relhtionship buiking
© Goal attainment © Coaching and mentoring
© Organized © Customer service
Ce Ovarltorpisscanasd © Verbal and written communication
Work History
01/2018 to Current
business Consultant

« Discuss customer requirements, analyze business practices, recommend appropriate business models, recommend process improverrent,
research and review financial systems, interview candidates, create business plan, implement business plans, assist customer in projects
needing improvement and resolve client issues.

USB e
Field Account Executive Company Name

Carns
Care aye
© oncall24 x 7) New Account Development.
