ITCONSULTANT

Professional Summary

Talented IT professional specializing in leading high-performing and multi-disciplinary teams ftom product development through successful product
launches. Accustomed to managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments.

cals
; e Adobe Photoshop
ai teh
Se cd ae aa ance ieee oa MailChimp
ao Bs he Ce oar ceniguccacliess
SME Sei Leni SMA otcencent
¢ Network maintenance ¢ HIMLandcss
Deeb seen atnacl| Oe Cnneaiibeer en
’ ier sok ed CS iecremionrlninemsoiteoniiievenkiclig
in p « AP, MLA and Chicago Manuals of Style
_ Scenics
¢ Excellent communication skills Panselsrriits
CME SO Keechneere tcl SMe esceriredslnenros:la
© Website mintenance Pa tran
Work History

IT CONSULTANT, 01/2001 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ IT, mamgennnt, and marketing consultant providing business solutions, training, and motivation along with design and production for print
and web certified with Sage Software and Intuit.

Designed, and customized databases and created software integration solutions.

© Developed web and ecommerce sites.

Designed and implemented motivation and training programs and workflow solutions Provided training for IBM, Continental Airlines,
Anrrican Airlines, Exxon Provided troubleshooting and help desk support Developed search engine marketing and keyword strategy for
ecommerce and lead generating websites Performed website analysis including performance metrics.

Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.

Developed and implemented complex Internet and Intranet applications on multiple platforms.

Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirerrents.

Ensured network, system and data availbility and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.

Streamlined and enhanced the corporate accounting and operations system

Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.

Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.

Peer ce Oran a ora ucv CH ECCUMUET Cs ened) iS Cmca mre AO PT OB OM Nichia ich tea

Designed and impkemented new server standards for core business services.

LEAD INSTRUCTOR, 01/1994 to 01/2001
Company Name a€“ City , State

Start-up software training firm attained Top-Ten ranking in the Dallas Business Journal Business servicing Fortune 500 and smaller clients.
Developed marketing strategy, training, and certification curricula.

Taught technical modules on programming, project management, graphics, and databases.

Organized and managed Microsoft Office User Specialist training for AT&T Alliance Developed and managed a consulting practice as a
strategic company initiative CTO Lead in strategic and operational planning to achieve business goals Achieved and exceeded revenue goals
ina changing technology environment Developed and maintained appropriate IT organizational structure to support business Identified
OU NLeS Om oecuun aan i Cree cencs edn meceiinome neat cMmna recent ue yaren@ scel isi)
department goals, objectives, and operating procedures Taught full curriculum offerings and trained and managed team of instructors
Developed training program for AT&T Project kad on development projects Provided consultation, help desk, and troubleshooting
Developed training and recruiting for instructors Produced career oriented kectures and presentations PHOTOGRAPHER/DESIGNER
Portrait - commercial photography and video for print, web, and broadcast Took ona losing business and dominated market in under three
years Offered full services including aerial, industrial, and color lab Built a market for commercial photography where none existed
Photoshop expert ENGINEER Analyzed and designed plant workflow to meet company quality and revenue needs Time motion studies to
assess mechanics and efficiencies of each operation Cakulated piece rate against revenue projections Illustrated manufacturing specification
catalog Trained employees on each operation.

AND MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTInstructor and Consultant , 09/1992 to 01/1994
Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ witha proven track record of probkem solving, training, and business services for small to Fortune 500 Corporations.

e RESULTS ORIENTED

© Used rok phying, simulations, team exercises, group discussions, videos and Kctures to instruct participants ina variety of ways.
¢ Assessed training needs through surveys, interviews with employees, focus groups and consultation with managers.
