CONSULTANT
Summary

Anaccomplished and results-driven MARKETING AND SALES MANAGER AND PROFESSIONAL with extensive experience in new
business development, branding, customer relations, account and people management, training and development, and new, emerging, and
traditional media. Leverages practical experience with strong communication skills, working well with all levels ofan organization. Possesses a
proven track record of tuming underperforming business units into profit centers. A creative thinker and reliable producer who drives strategic
initiatives from conceptualization through implementation.

Highlights

© Business tumarounds ¢ Excellent presentation skills

CMe SYtrniesyOronnatce © Project management

© Consistently executes against objectives © Analytical to ensure successfil strategy

© Account management © Social media

CEN siCuseiarazen and © Nimbk, highly creative and visionary capabilities
schivor anes

Consultant 09/2001 to Current Company Name City , State

Founded company and earned profits quickly through cold-calling, client following bringing new ideas and new and emerging media into the mix
(c.g. social media, online marketing campaigns). Handled coordination day-to-day company operations, people management, training, strategic
pknning, marketing strategy development, local, regional, and major account management, development and implementation of specialized
marketing programs and strategies, budgeting, vendor procurement, and client relations. Stayed abreast of marketing and advertising trends.
Notubrestoe ec Ul ncn ead eure hccn cul ae uanYAWIAe le inesiiancet sat kelcncminane a nvet bala

* Developed and implemented strong online strategies including social media mixed with traditional media for clients marketing efforts. Eamed
client loyalty and increased revenues by 213%

CREO eet PCO Une ces eCMee nt trees OM HUM CCS URC Lem sna. Line

* Developed series of national public service announcements gamering massive media attention.

PXcGheors|§ uuaeated

TIME WARNER CABLE MEDIA SALES, Chatsworth, Califomia, Television Advertising Account Manager, 1998-2001. Hired for new
Position to expand Jocal and regional business. Leamed and executed television media advertising logistics ftom scratch. Transformed from zero
billings to billmgs that exceeded the performance ofall other representatives in kess than one year. Generated all clients through cold-calling efforts
and educating prospects of value and ease of television advertising. Oversaw production; worked with and managed producers and clients. Eamed
confidence of clients by defining strategies to ensure proper budget management, setting expectations as well as researching and collecting
demographic information for ad campaigns.

LOS ANGELES DAILY NEWS, Los Angeks, California, Advertising Account Manager , 1996-1998. Sold newspaper advertisements to
local accounts through coll calling efforts. Tripled revenue of underperforming territory in first year. Promoted to second underperforming territory
and quadrupked revenue in local business. Handled 40 accounts daily, met hourly deadlines, made presentations to clients, and created special
sections to insert into paper through creative selling efforts. Participated in hyout ofad copy, reviewing proof with clients, and managing
production, art staff and training other sales reps. Planned advertising campaigns with clients.

DAILY PILOT, Costa Mesa, California, Advertising Account Manager , 1992-1995. Sold newspaper advertisements to local and regional
accounts through cold calling efforts. Increased billng by 619% in three months. Handled 30 accounts daily, met hourly deadlines, made
presentations to clients, and created special sections to insert into paper through creative selling efforts. Convinced agencies of national advertisers
to advertise in small, local newspaper. Recognized as consistent top performer and broke all sales records. Served as president of public speaking
organization, and as arrbassador for Costa Mesa Chamber of Commerce.

SOUTH COUNTY NEWS, Mission Viejo, California, Account Executive , 1991-1992. Entrusted with growing challenging accounts after
several months at company; tumed into profit center. Created sections to sell and generated new revenue.
Affiliations

WOMEN IN CABLE TELECOMMUNICATIONS (WICT), Los Angeks, California, President , Southem Califomia Chapter, 2003-2004.
Managed 20 senior-level entertainment executives on the local chapter’s Board of Directors by assigning and delegating responsibilities. Executed
several events aligned with organization's mission statement, "Develop Women Leaders Who Transform Our Industry". Raised money for the
