CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

Certified Nursing Assistant with experience serving chronically ill patients, including assisting with daily living activities and household tasks. Patient
and highly compassionate.

I Blond

New York State Department of Health Nursing Home
NRW OUI NTON MA LPN

Original Certification Date: 5/18/2005

COT anescecibe som ERIC!

Certification # 342285200505E

Skill Highlights
CO rancnecne ine cocnied ont MMe be iLcemibule imate Mime ccs nly ee
CREO sritinexen sari ¢ Calmand kevel-headed under duress
© Reliable transportation © Medical terminology knowledge

Professional Experience
Consultant
March 2015 Company Nanw - City , State

Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. Addressed customrr service inquiries in a timely and accurate
fashion. Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. Resolved product issues and shared benefits
of new technology. Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client. Answered customers’ questions
and addressed problems and complints in person and via phone. Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving
appropriate feedback.

CNA
August 2007 to July 2013 Company Name - City , State

¢ Observed and documented patient status, and reported patient comphints to the nurse. Completed and submitted clinical documentation in
accordance with agency guidelines. Collected urine and fecal sampkes. Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake. Provided
transportation, assistance and companionship to clients. Cleaned and organized patients! living quarters. Positioned residents for comfort and
OP CaS Ip CCC ell aPC ORM ICS rns OCS IPE aOR Led dine en Corian vetoes nena tone(ce RO srl cn ty
with chronic illnesses. Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility, activity, eating percentages, and daily
PTO Re TO oneunan ENG oe cer eeu CCH n Ome anceS PC LONCwreTMES NE OB IN eTCL mM Delian (cepres acd
eC O eRe BNE ccm ACS CCR VAD OM wie sce R Concern Baliriccmui earners Einsyseig

CNA
ATPASE ORI ALOE Our ec ANC ee OS MIE

Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake. Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or
artificial linbs.Cleaned and organized patients’ living quarters. Facilitated games and other activities to engage clients. Positioned residents
for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problens. Assisted with transferring residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment.
Assisted with ADLs. Administered simple range of motion exercises. Promoted continuity of care by accurately and compktely
communicating to other caregivers the status of patients for which care is provided. Promoted personal and co-worker safety.

feats
February 2004 to August 2005 Company Nan - City , State

¢ Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. Recorded customer orders and repeated them
back ina ckar, understandable manner. Promptly reported comphints to a member of the management team Correctly received orders,
processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concems. Served fresh, hot food witha smile ina timely manner. Resolved guest
comphints promptly and professionally. Quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change. Properly portioned and
packaged take-out foods for customers. Carefilly maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas. Cleaned food
preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils. Took initiative to find extra tasks when schedukd duties were compkted.

Cashier
July 2001 to March 2003 Company Narre - City, State

¢ Executed cash transactions quickly and accurately. Greeted all customers. Checked out customers and bagged items.
© Quickly Served shoppers in a prompt, courteous and friendly manner. Gave every customer immediate and undivided attention.
