LEASING CONSULTANT

Executive Summary

Dedicated leasing consultant, highly skilled in conflict resolution and customer relations. My main focus is satisfying tenants and maintaining high
occupancy ratesA all whik reporting any major issues to property owners and taking the initiative to find workable solutions. I ama q uality-
focused Leasing Consultant who genuinely cares about property conditions, resident satisfiction and fulfilling property owner needs.A
brairestbeny

High Schoo! Diplorm June 2010 Bethel High school City , State Member of the Drill team Member of Color guard with BHS marching band
Graduated with the second highest rank in the JROTC program

Bachelor of Arts : Psychology 2016 Virginia Wesleyan Colkge City , State Major in Psychology, Minor in business,A Introduction to Business
coursework,A Coursework in Business Managenent and Administration,A Coursework in Organizational Development ,A Coursework

Powe teed
Core Qualifications
© Skilled multitasker , aan
Peete )og . ane
¢ Microsoft Office Fair housing mandates
See cL ELL cd LL ae

pinay

Volmnteered with homeless shelter at Virginia Wesleyan College, Volunteered with neighborhood tutoring at Virginia Wesleyan College,
Community Service for CHKD with my class at Virginia Wesleyan College, Volunteered at my church in Hampton, VA (Sixth Mount Zion Baptist
Temple), PORTiolio Program

Skills

Penile siomeor om animes Lartetec eno nretanred om kool tsellckear ica om sieo cd sreneime ince bene) ciis
solving, great organizational skills, A quick leamer, Retail Saks, saks, team player, telephone, visual displays

Professional Experience

Leasing Consultant 03/2014 Company Name City , State

Greet prospects and qualify by covering all criteria (ask questions; utilize completed guest cards, etc.).

Inmediately record all telephone and in-person visits on appropriate reports.

Inspect models and available ‘imarket ready”, communicate related service needs to Property Manager.

Demonstrate community and apartment/model and apply product knowledge to clients needs by commumicating the features and benefits;
fecal nonce

* Have prospect complete application and secure deposit in accordance with the company procedures and Fair Housing requirements.

* Update availability report, process applications for approvals.A ic, credit check, rental history, etc.) Submit processed applications to the
Community Manager for approval.

Follow up with applicant regarding status.

Srtee yo lecwiehe Om Calan ewca Rene uae Resim

Inmediately follow-up on prospects that did not close and attermpt to close sale again.

Secure new resident's signature(s) on appropriate paperwork prior to move-in.

Orient new residents to community.

Gather information about market competition in the area and fil.

Filing resident paper work

Completed resident foklers and Move-Out Folders

Customer Service Representative (Summer Position) 05/2012 to 08/2012 Company Nanx City , State

© Family Dollar customer service representatives meet and greet customers, assist in sales, and answer questions about products and services.
OP Nona ckec tress

« Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.

© Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.

© Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concems, demonstrating empathy and resolving probkevs on the spot.

Third Shift Cashier (Summer Position) 05/2010 to 09/2010 Company Name City , State

Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed.

Using Point of Sale (POS) system, take customers order in either Drive-thru or at front counter.

Collect payment and give back change as needed.

Repeat customer order for accuracy, assemble customers order, hand order to Customer, thank customer.
Must be abke to communicate to production area, any Special requests by customer.

Re-stock condiments and dry products (cups, napkins, utensils) for customer and store use.

Operated a POS system to itemize and compkte an average of number customer purchases.

Saks Associate 04/2008 to 06/2010 Company Nanr City , State

* Provided prompt, accurate, and friendly service to our customers through the achievernent of customer service standards.
