CONSULTANT
Skills
race conans
© Project Management - Consult with clients to gain detailed information used to develop comprehensive
© project plans and tasks.
© Process Improvenents - The ability to devise and implement processes, procedures, systems and
* internal controls to strengthen operations and enhance customer satisfaction.
© Professional Training and Development - Extensive knowledge of electronic health care software and
© its clinical fimctionality as it relates to clinic workflow including documentation, orders and medications.

schivor anes
01/2014 to Current
CONSULTANT Conpany Name 1% City , State

© Currently contracted by Community Health Systems (CHS) of Frankl, TN to work with the training manager and coordinator to manage
Pichia cou coe tB rs ee CCee aT Ct U UB eco) oe CMSs NET HILeTLA Roel oe ne Bo eeecciecs

© Colhborate with the CHS project team to populate and establish traming enviroments for training activities.

Apply principles of adult leaming theory, group dynamics, group facilitation, needs analysis, program design and evaluation and change

Praeiea rena lleRech a emtnmenmatecebcouci kel aanie

Provide WebEx sessions as well as orrsite training classes where necessary.

Ensure training sessions are consistent with regulatory and clinical workflows.

Work with organizations to solve issues, create value, maximize growth and improve business performance.

Assist with follow up evaluations for recommendations on improving usage of the software systems in the various clinics and specialties.

Advise clients on how to use informtion technology to meet their business objectives and overcome probkrs.

Provide strategic guidance regarding technology, IT infrastructures and enabling major business processes through enhancements to IT.

OCU ROTANC!
PROJECT MANAGER Company Name it4 City , State

Provided strategic nmnagerent and operational oversight of support teams consisting of 6 direct reports and 55 technicians on Output
Device Service & Support, including budget control; production timetable, status reporting, client/project team coordination; and quality
assurance.

Designed and deployed several highly successfil projects from the ground up managing all aspects of the projects including customer
support, client services, operations and quality assurance.

Ensured monthly Service Level Agreements were met.

Worked to monitor, track and report progress against a project plan to Senior Management.

Accomplished project fielding and deployment on time and within budget.

Was responsible for comprehensive planning of systems fielding, deployment tasks and budget.

Created policies and procedures that incorporate day to day activities for all Output Device Teclmicians throughout the Army Corp of
Engineers.

Asset Manager and Configuration Item owner of over 12,000 output devices.

Led dedicated and non-dedicated resources to accomplish project fielding/deployment phase.

Promoted teamvork and cooperation to achieve objectives.

Interacted with Internal/External Senior Management Client side and Organization Side.

Conducted weekly Integrated Project Team meetings with Output Device Technicians & Support Team on Asset Managerent,
Configuration Management Database Processes & Procedures.

01/1999 to 01/2006
PROJECT LEAD Company Name 14 City , State

Provided technical support for Central office as well as all site offices, which included Windows 2000/XP, Windows 2000/2003 server
opera sTu easy cate

Served as Project Manager for 18-month private branch exchange (PBX) to voice over internet protocol (VoIP) conversion project.

© Served as the single point of contact for all data and network and communication design development, installation, documentation and
problem resolution.

Completed maintenance, troubleshooting and documentation of network architectures including: Cisco Switches, Routers, Virtual Private
Networks (VPNs) and firewalls.

© Monitored and administered print, file application and emuil servers.

Impkmented and maintained network security and policy.

Education and Training

PAT ul s@yAu 0)

Master of Science : Managerment Florida Institute of Technology 4 City , State Management

May 1992

Bachelor of Science : Computer and Information Sciences Albarn A&M University i State Computer and Information Sciences
Skills
