CONSULTANT

schivor anes

Consultant

January 2012 Company Name i City , State

* Provided programmntic and operational support for audit readiness engagement with the Defense Logistics Agency.
© Designed and implemented SOPs for on-boarding security process for 150 new hire contractors.

© Transformed difficult client relations into collaborative ones, facilitating smooth program management.

* Built resource management system to track and maintain contract requirements and sensitive personnel information.

Enterprise Sales Account Manager
Noverber 2014 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Work with Director of Enterprise Sales to develop innovative business plans and sales strategies to build the enterprise sakes unit from $0.
Peed ase nm Rerun con Um Hat Cole Meals Seneca en Ulmer ResliegUCOUCTtice

Collaborate with account executives to penetrate new accounts, identify potential customers and coordinate product demonstrations.
Actively manage the portfolio of all enterprise accounts totaling ~$40K of monthly reoccurring revenue.

Developed and implemented standard operating procedures for onboarding all new enterprise accounts.

Coordinate and manage major proposal processes from initiation to implementation.

Increased monthly sales by 20% by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base.

Deliver exceptional account service to strengthen customer loyalty.

Lrg
RE wAU CR em ole Pima Gen sclivaN ctr eRy/Orb mye

(re etRo om edu LCR HlCEon mile ooeormacos Oo mueiar Lene nee Ce Kean Mey cen Canby) eee etnies TR SL) G

ancibes om nR@ atta

© Planned and executed annual GI Technology Summit's programming, budgeting, agenda, faculty invitations, and logistics such as travel,
accommodations, and honorarium for faculty; led to generation of S350K in revenue.

© Prepared and managed all contracts, budgets, and invoices related to industry and physician expert relationships.

* Supported medical device registries and manage contracts, communications, and invoices with clients.

¢ Planned workshop on "How to Estimate and Reward True Patient-Centrie Value in Innovation" in conjunction with the FDA to bridge gap

between regulators, investigators, device companies, and payers and enhance collaboration kading to better understanding of roles and

expectations in support of high-value healthcare.

RUAP Cele
RE AU OAR nM eRe clan ct cel ON ECT

¢ Prepared will, living trusts, and other estate documents for clients with $1M+ net worth; generated $250K in revenue.
© Managed client accounts on My Personal DataSafe software; advised CEO on best practices, issue resolution and user experience to
bit Hines ose urde nsdn eb cdl Mb me lees chee cu secec Eloi (celtics

Eo ca PACS NE
January 2005 to January 2011 Company Name i City , State

© Collborated ona Maryland-Ukraine Business Accelerator proposal designed to facilitate commercialization of innovative ideas from
Ukrainian entrepreneurs and act as catalyst for new product development.

* Researched, planned and recruited for a serrinar involving Russian education organizations around the nation to discuss value of Russian
language and education; consequently Mayor Katz granted the days of June 5-12 as the "Days of Russian Culture" in city of Gaithersburg,
MD.

Advised new business owners and facilitated process of registering their companies with their respective states.

Performed bookkeeping and tax retum preparation for domestic and international businesses.

Provided customer support for clients with account issues and resolved discrepancies in their accounting records.

Managed accounts receivable for 1,200 tax clients and collected over $50K in overdue payments,

Collaborated with other administrative team members, human resources and the finance department on special projects and events.Served
as a professional representative of the CEO to executive clients, investors and board members.

Served as a liaison between company president and clients regarding client accounts and new business.

OM SSHU CCS IS UR Ow Chat Ree CSL Ae Tec crnumGhee ic sim] Ser east Cia lcMeEusiies Ran erem atielecid
financing and insider trading.

© Created and maintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports and documents.

brairestbeny

Master of Science : Technology Commercialization , May 2015 THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS AT AUSTIN, McCombs School of Business
% City , State Technology Commercialization

Bachelor of Arts : Anthropology Biology , May 2011 UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND 1 City , State Anthropology Biology

Teaching Assistant for upper Ievel Anthropology courses

Bate
