CONSULTANT
Summary
Taman experienced Program Manager, delivering enterprise-grade on-premises and SaaS products at Microsoft whik being customer obsessed.
I was previously an Enterprise Desktop Architect at multiple large companies, both as an employee and ina consulting capacity. I have a proven
track record of positive impact in enterprise desktop mamgerrent, infrastructure, systems administration, programming and automation, enterprise
Placa Meme) nUmerslestcaty eta
Highlights
Ce ince Os)
MU Nichentoatar ae otd
ls
Leadership
System Center Configuration Manager
Enterprise Inaging/OSD/MDT
Ny eh
Comins
WAM Toeotcs aria
BitLocker Full Disk Encryption
Server 2K8/2k12
Project management
Girish wet SNA Le)
VDI
ASP.NET/VB.NET/C#/VBScript
Microsoft BitLocker Administration and Monitoring
MS SQL Server
App Compat
Seer
UE-V

Accomplishments
* MCTS: Windows 7, Configuration and MCTS: Windows 7 MCTS: Office 2010, Deployment.

schivor anes
Consultant Jul 2011 to Current
Company Name i City , State

* responsible for architecting and implementing client solutions for large enterprises.

* Won four awards for efforts with enterprises and well as intemal work done to promote knowledge sharing (Great People/Great

Performance, Knowkdge Management Sharing, Community Star, and a Key Talent award) and received the top ranking availabk.

Drove not only Windows 7 adoption at an 85,000 seat Fortune 100 international financial institution, but the purchase of the Enterprise

edition with MDOP and continued to fight for Microsoft share with Bitlocker, ConfigMgr 2012, and App-V.

Founded the Americas Client Solutions Birds ofa Feather community initiative, a biweekly call with 40+ consultants providing an open

forum for knowledge sharing, instant support, and networking opportunities.

© Expanded commumity to include new college hires and other international communities.

© Won multiple awards for knowledge sharing.

© Effort included a separate call for Windows 8 First Wave consultants resulting in many successful engagements and a living lessons keamed
(lett nana hates om carlM Peco ncn eeeistlinuleccie nes

¢ Expanded to include Readiness Groups, a unique and effective way to prepare 90+ consultants internationally for a lange new wave of
technology, increasing billable utilization amongst all client solutions focused consultants.

¢ Architected and led Windows 7 deployment at a large international financial institution for 85,000 machines.

© Programmed a website in VB.NET to aid rapid application rationalization.

® Created three global Windows 7 images, including an x86 and x64 version, with multiple languages in MDT 2010/2012 and building a ZTI

image using MDT and Configuration Manager 2007 to allow rapid OS uplift.

Packaged 20+ applications as part of image engineering,

© Drove application packaging efforts utilizing App-V and MSI (where appropriate), moving towards zero touch.

© Developed and managed a virtual UAT test environment to allow remote access for testers to validate their applications which was utilized
for thousands of applications.

© Architected and implemented MBAM and began migrating from PGP to Bitlocker.

¢ Assisted with image requirements and partnered with other teams to define hardware standards, better define licensing management,

improve application and workstation self service systems and processes.

Drove a security settings review and implementation on both XP and Windows 7 to set security baselines for machines to decrease attack

Sowloexe selbst orerecm

Created a 3 year Workstation Transformation Roadmap for a large client to streamline processes, improve end to end user experiences,

implement Windows 8/Windows to Go/ConfigMer 2012/App- V/profile mamagement/data backup, and cut costs.

Weedless ecu CoRR ere me Ello bncstim name
