IT CONSULTANT

Professional Summary

Selfmotivated, detail oriented Senior Computer/Network Technician with 20 years experience in Oiland Gas corporate network and service
environments. Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008 R2, Cisco, Active directory Administrator and network Administrator with proven
troubleshooting and problem resolution skills. Independent worker and valued team contributor with excellent communication, interpersonal and
customer service skills. Willing to relocate.

Core Qualifications

GIS, Kingdom, Petra, MS Office 97-2013 Citrix, Market Data. Mitel 3000 & 5000, Cisco CME, Exchange 2010 Networking: Active
Directory,Cisco LAN/WAN, DHCP, TCP/IP, ODBC, VPN, Isilon

Accomplishments

* NEW HORIZONS COMPUTER LEARNING CENTER, Houston, Texas.
© Impkmenting Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional Server.

© Impkmenting Microsoft Windows 2000 Network Infrastructure.

« Administering Microsoft SQL 2000 Server Database.

schivor anes
January 2014 to February 2016 Company Name

Technical Anayist Network Anaylst for Tl and VSAT network.

Support of applications for pipeline technicians.

Cisco Unified Communicator Manage Cisco VOIP phones.

Work with Datto, Acronis and Symantec backup applications.

Managed licensing and FlexLM for Petra.

Supported user installation and maintenance of Petra database.

Restoration of cormupted projects from SQL database.

Managed all Installation and configuration for network, workstations and laptops.
ACTON eerie ectomaeeat ate

Managing applications on 2008R2 server for Accounting and Gas flow.

Active Directory management creation of users and groups and permissions for all corporate users.
Sein Ele ce Om eIC ene rerueicmemeicys) weline

Office 365 Administrator to create user mailboxes and distribution groups.

Des Gest nos Or mrsormekeey eerie im

Support for SCADA plitfonns insuring data connection.

sO nics
June 2013 to December 2013 Company Name

for acquisition of Apache shelf properties.

Cordinated network and application replication with Apache Oil & Gas.

Worked with Apache and other 3rd part vendors and contractors to replicate Apache infrastructure for transition to FieklWood Energy.
This was replicating all Apache network, databases applications and voice for offices and Gulf Platforms for a seemless transition.
Worked to replace Cisco phone system

Wored with vendors to replace application and software license.

SPN Rescources/Dynamic Offshore LLC/SandRidge Energy 4-2007 S&ndash; 5-2013 Network Administrator Managed all Installation and
configuration of hardware and software for all workstations and laptops on shore and handled all equipment and communications for
offshore platforms.

Boerne Rraatamlelnianstc om

Worked with Citrix applications for corporate and external users.

Managed Ision server for G&G applications users for Kingdom software.

Administrator of Dell and HP Servers.

Managed and maintained Osilon server nodes for Geophysical engineers.

Managed AD and created accounts for all users and groups needed for corporation access, email and all network drives.

Managed and was administrator for Mitel 3000 VOIP phones for company.

Managed all 2003 and 200812 servers for corporation.

Managed the installation of P&A and Workover jobs and communications offshore.

Built configured and was Administrator for Exchange 2010 on Windows 2008r2 server.

Managed all network communication for offShore platforms with microwave and VSAT connectivity. Managed licensing of all prioritary
software and applications for company.

Managed and supported Bez server and Blackberry8arsquo;s and smartphone, IPhone, Samsung,

Support of VPN cisco client.

Superior Energy, HoustonTexas 12-2005 Sandash; 4-2007 System Support Specialist Install and configure hardware and software for XP
workstations and laptops and server 2003 on network.

Managenent of active directory on Server 2003 and remote desktop to support all users throughout region.

Eins Ral CeRoa ae eee ce ciUeltn

Adninistrator of Exchange creating users and troubleshooting server issues Administror AD for corporation.
