Pavithra Shetty
Summary

Customer-oriented Principal Consultant knowledgeable about developing and implementing successfiil business solutions that drive productivity
and growth. Offering expertise in SQL, Data Visualization, Scripting language and more than 6 years of experience in the software industry.

schivor anes
Principal Consultant Company Nar | City , State ] June 2018 - Current

Design, Develop, Test and Document Business Intelligence reports:

* Gather Business needs to develop interactive dashboards and BI reports.

Work with Data warehouse and other data sources to get data for Data Visualization Using Business Intelligence Tool.

Write SQL Queries and Stored procedures to pull data to Visualization Tool.

Modeling the data to efficiently pull the data for visualization

Design Dashboard and Provide insights to management and departrrents to make Data driven decisions.

Embed BI reports to Customer Application using .NET Framework, JavaScript. Which uses Web APIs to access BI reports.
Create and Peer review SQL queries for ad hoc data reporting.

Managed junior developer by delivering consistent coaching and constructive feedback.

Design, Develop, Test and Document SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, .NET Codes in order to maintain and add features to Student
Information System

© Communicate with clients to gather requirement for new data collection or for change request.

© Design a data model and web interface for collecting new data and improve existing system

© Peer review codes to validate correctness and integrity of the system

* Perform Unit test, Integration test and Regression test in Development and QA environment for Build Release.

¢ Follow Agile Methodology for software development using Azure DevOps for better utilization of time and resources.
© Create SQL queries for ad hoc data reporting,
* Support end users resolving technical issues.

Business Intelligence Developer Company Nam ] City , State | September 2015 - May 2018

Designing, developing, validating, and documenting SQL queries, graphical reports, dashboards, and data warehouse applications that support the
strategic initiatives.

© Reviewed project requirements to identify customer expectations and resources needed to meet goak.

Conceived, developed and implemented wide range of BI solutions.

Optimized data gathering processes, analysis procedures and visualization strategies.

Created and oversaw dashboards with QlikView.

Create and maintain SSIS packages using Microsoft Visual Studio. Extract the data from fiks received through SFTP and upload the data-
to-data warehouse in a required form

Using given technical specs create flat files and send data fiks to clients using SSIS package. Ako, automate maintenance of SQL Server
databases and updates.

FN sles kessertuskennion(atkanewe Oke sure sexes ta

Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.

Wrote user manuals and other docurentation for roll-out in customer training sessions.

Established and maintained key relationships with business stakeholders to promote fiture opportunities.

Managed 2 junior developers by delivering consistent coaching and constructive feedback.

College Student Company Nam | City , State | January 2015 - May 2016
Most accomplished College Projects:
SWrectatuea si enka enthsar

© Create machine leaming model to predict malignant tumors.

© Used Python - "Random Forest Chssifier to predict malignant tumors in breast tissue.

© Here, main idea is building multiple models with different sampke and different initial variables from train data set.

© Goal is to determine what attributes provide the most information that can be used to predict malignancy.

© My model was tested against d€cctest data set€ for accuracy and it is 96% successful in predicting whether the tumor is malignant or
breriual

Data Mining- Image Chasification:
 Itis the process to categorize images into one of several categories. Classification requires training for each image category.

© Constructed Training and Test data for given innge data using Java programming,
POU iguiaGtRisiMcomige acces nececeicuucenemrsneneeec sei em
