CONSULTANT
Qualifications
© Tama senior IT infrastructure specialist and have 7 years of OEM administration and 6 years of DBA administration. I have Masters in
Computer Applications (MCA) and a seasoned technical specialist providing business infrastructure solutions, services and support,
according to defined processes. With an overall experience spanning 12 years and having worked for Oracle for a period of 11 years, I
have a tremendous track record in IT support area for multiple products and applications with a great level of consistency and excellence.
My expertise includes,
His expertise includes,
Project Management
Ole Bonaa ooo
Impknentation Specialist *WebLogic Server Administration
Incident Management
Database administration *Oracle Cloud operations
People Managerent
WIE e con Elorale
Operations Management
Change Management *AWS
Process capability
Technical support for 24X7 systems

Technical Skills

RIK Experience Total Years Last Used
Operating System: Linux, HP-Unix, Solaris, Windows 9 12 2016
Aug oanan at acs
RIN AO) Ce)
Company Name Consultant

© Colkborate with Clients, customers to ensure successfil implementations which includes.

* Impkment OEM 12c setup, Apply BP, Plugins, performance monitoring, notification set up.
© Install/upgrade/patch Oracle Database, performance tuning.

© Install/upgrade/patch Oracle WebLogic servers, deploy applications.

December 2014

to

June 2016

Company Name City Manager

© Managed a team for Enterprise manager cloud controKCloudem! 2c) for Oracle Public Cloud that supports and facilitates end to end
monitoring solutions for Oracle cloud services.

© Manage a global team for Cloudem administration (OEM 11g,12c) Create plans, work with team to execute the project plan in building
AN DAY ERO MOL orCantatcorene hen ene iam naty

© Recruit, work with new team members to bring them on board in quick time Writing technical docurrents to help team members in executing
new projects Provide technical guidance throughout the project life cycle Process development in a continual manner and provide trouble
Reus CCOH eae

February 2005

to

Crome

Principal systerrs Consultant

Part of Oracle Public Cloud's Monitoring Solution team - CloudEM Operation's team.

Monitoring included 20000 Database + double the number of Fusion Middleware targets + ZFS targets and making Enterprise Manager
the source of truth for any monitoring and inventory storage solution in Orack Public Cloud.

The CLOUDEM Operations team supports multiple EM sites across all of the oracle fleet.

This is an ever growing portfolio as Oracle is constantly adding new data centers.

When a new site is added it is the job of our team to build out the new EM environments.

Operations team provides the physically installed servers both exadata and exalogic and we go on to buikd out the Enterprise Manager site.
This includes building grid and database, installing OMS & agents, configuring EM for SSL and SSO and working to set up TAS and SDI
provisioning services.

Each of our sites monitor SAAS (Software as a Service) and/or PAAS (Platformas a Service) environments.

Projects varying from buikding new environments in different data centers, building disaster recovery environments, Orack management
server upgrades (new Releases), database upgrades applying critical bundle patches and updates, ensuring high availability for the customers
Installation of Oracle software/databases Upgrade grid, database from 10g to 11203/11204 & 11g to 12¢ Apply database PSU patches,
and one off patches to the environment for every possible database bugs Responsible for Tuning the Oracle Applications Database that run
on the UNIX server to achieve optimal performance.
