CONSULTANT

Education and Training

Pants)

MPH, George Washington University Bangladesh Medical College, University of Dhaka City MBBS
2003

Community Medicine, Microbiology, Pathology, Internal Medicine & Psychiatry
Skill Highlights

Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point

Professional Experience

October 2015

to

Noverber 2015

Company Name Consultant

© Identified Growth Monitoring and Promotion (GMP) program implementation deficits and suggested recommendations for improverent
Reviewed available project documentation to locate potential program gaps Conducted multiple field visits to four districts in southwest to
observe and provide technical input to ongoing child nutrition activities with specific focus on GMP sessions Located gaps in program
participation, and data reporting and monitoring Presented research findings at multiple points in time to relevant stakeholders and program
(ohinera) oe

January 2002

to

May 2003
Company Name

© Helped organize an initiative to prevent arsenicosis in Jal, district of Brahminbaria.

Ld .

¢ Rahman helped create public awareness of arsenic poisoning, encouraged people to drink arsenic free water to prevent arsenicosis, and
helped organize an arsenic-free water delivery system to meet the community needs in collaboration with community stakeholders.
Helped provide poor residents of Jalla free medical resources.

D3

Rahman gathered and distributed medical supplies, and provided physical examinations and consultations in collaboration with another

salem

¢ Public Health Campaign Vohmteer, September 1998- May 2003 UNICEF & WHO in Bangladesh Participated in a campaign for creating
awareness of ante-natal check-up and educating mothers to be about the importance of breastfeeding after child birth in rural Dhaka.

Cepia

Rahman conducted physical examinations, provided treatment and follow-up services, and disseminated information.

Worked for the Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI), a program aimed at reducing mortality and morbidity from preventable diseases

through vaccinations in many rural areas of Bangladesh.

Cepia

Rahman volunteered for five years during her medical studies and adrinistered DPT, MMR, & BCG vaccinations, while speaking to

residents and creating awareness.

June 1996

to

September 2003
Company Name

Actively participated in community teaching programs about Eclampsia in rural Bangladesh.

Eckampsia is a common problem due to lack of health awareness, health education, poverty, and superstitious belief.

Asa result of this campaign, Eclampsia was significantly reduced throughout Bangladesh,

Ba

Rahman helped educate women about maternal health, provided treatment and follow-up services, and disseminated information.
Worked for a campaign on the use of ORS (Oral Rehydration Solution) to reduce the death rate due to diarrhea followed by severe
dehydration in rural Bangladesh.

This campaign resulted in a reduction in the child mortality rate duc to diarrhea and severe dehydration significantly.

D3

Rahman helped create awareness among the local communities through community engagement, provided educational resources, and helped
distribute ORS kits.

Red Crescent Society of Bangladesh Worked on multiple blood donation campaigns in Dhaka.

e Dr.

Rahman helped collect blood that was donated, gathered and documented medical history of donors, and provided medical information as
iresieccoen

Physician (Family Medicine), with Dr.

Shahina Motalib, Dhaka, Bangladesh, September 2003- May 2005 Dr.

Rahman treated patients, provided physical examinations, consultations, and follow-up services.
