CONSULTANT
Summary
Position in Accounting/Regulatory or banking operations

Highlights

Microsoft Office, Lotus Notes, QuickBooks, ACBS, BCS, OTG, AP, RECON+, FMS (G/L System), REVAL (evaluation of hedged fimding)
Eine@ 5) eet eyed

Accomplishments

T was awarded Certificate of Recognition for the year 1998 that helped in lifting of the agreement with Federal Reserve Bank of New York. I was
Sor cles RMaciel Leet orer steno poi bass

schivor anes

Consultant 01/2013 to 09/2016 Company Name City , State

© Working as consultant and engaged with Transworld Ine, a insurance brokerage and accounting services company.
Cedi eae iene OMAN SCM ncial Lambe @r eGR NUM KC eta oer acc ne@Nb Mere able ecm
© Preparation of sales tax monthly, quarterly and yearly tax returns for clients.

© Preparation of accounts, reports and financial statements for their clients.

® Provide all accounting services to their customers.

Senior Accountant/Accounting Officer 01/2000 to 01/2013 Company Name City , State

‘The New York Branch of Bank Hapoalim represents the banking andA

Reviewed Bank's General Ledger and pass necessary entries to correct the G/L.

The main purpose to review the G/L to make ensure bank's books is accurate and reconciled with sub-system

I was responsible to process month end, quarterly and yearly closing.

OM ed eR vanecibeunamsi tly

Prepared month end accruals and closing/adjusting entries.

Processed and prepared sales and use tax retum and commercial rent tax.

Responsible for the preparation of call report.

Process and responsible for tax payment to IRS for tax form 1042, tax form 945(1099) and prepared annual returns for both tax forms.
Assist in special project as directed by the Controller and CFO.

Supervise the bank reconciliation and accounts payable process.

Supervise and ensure accuracy in the prepaid and Fixed Assets records and comply with the Fixed Assets policy.

Balance Sheet reconciliation and Custody reconciliation.

Ensure general ledger booking is in the line with bank accounting policy and principles (GAAP) standards and abides by with regulatory
laws.

Obtain securities prices and prepare monthly FAS115 valuation worksheets and accounting entries.

Performed accounting and prepare monthly reports for two of the Bank's subsidiaries using QuickBooks.

Responsible for preparation of Amortization of Premium and Discount reconciliation for Callable CDs Prepared aging analysis of suspense
FonP gee O Rte ice iictve seco H ecm Cmca O mii hat ct

Responsible for Assets Swaps accounting, Government bonds/securities, securities available for sale, trading and Non-Trading securities.
Prepared written accounting policies and procedures.

Responsible for maintenance of Chart of Accounts /adding and modifying.

And open new G/L account.

Processed payments/expenditure for vendors, employee expenses, contractors, state and federal government taxes payments.

01/1988 to 01/2000 Company Nar City , State

© Iwas responsible for preparation of reguhtory reports, ie. FR 2900, FR2951, BL 1, BC, BQ, BL (SA), BC (SA), and FFIEC 002 (Call
Report by using DPSC Software, Inc. Package).

I was responsible for preparation of monthly financial statements, and various financial reports for Head Office.

Ako responsibk for statistical reports, and quarterly reports to Department of Commerce.

Prepared and responsible for month end closing,

Prepared and developed the Compliance procedure and Compliance Manual, detail task checklist use to comply the BSA, FRB
Regulations, and US Sanctions in order to satisfy the compliance requirements of the Branch.

Evaluation of existing accounting procedures and implemented changes in order to simplify the accounting procedures.

Prepared and presented monthly variance analysis reports to Senior Management.

Prepared monthly, quarterly written report regarding the BSA, OFAC, US Sanctions and FRB regulation compliance.
arsine acs earn teemuoie ei] Glace se

Handling NYS Banking and FRB examiners.

brairestbeny

BS : Accounting 1994 YORK COLLEGE CITY UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK Accounting and 124 credits competed. Major subjects are
Advance Accounting, Auditing, Business Finance, Business Law and Taxation.

BS : Accounting 1979 UNIVERSIT OF SIND HYDERABAD PAKISTAN Accounting Major subjects are Accounting, Auditing, Business
