CONSULTANT
Profile
Around 5 years of experience in Gathering Requirements, design, developrrent, testing and implementing solutions in SAP and mobile. Worked as
business analyst in telecom, Utility Industry. Good knowledge of Operations & Maintenance business process. Experienced in SAP EAM using
Compatible units, Design and integration of Design with Work orders. Experience in end-to-end process using computable units for GAS and
Electric line of business. Experienced in planning and executing scenarios for End-to-End Testing, Documentation and End User Training
Performed Configuration for Plant Maintenance module for End to End process in integration with Material Management Module Knowledgeable
in Sales and Distribution module. Extensive experience in documenting reporting requirerrents to development of the same in SAP ECC and BW.
Possess the ability to grasp quickly new concepts and apply the sarre, the skill, which are typical requirements for working in large SAP R/3
impkrentations. An excelent team player with a deep sense of commitment and strong desire to eam and grow. Strengths include Intellectual
Ability, Ability to work under pressure. Excellent Communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills. Good understanding of Software
Developrent Life Cycles and its different phases. Deans Excellence Scholarship and Distinguish Scholar Award at UT Dallas. EXPERTISE 5
years of experience in Information Technology with specialization in Gathering Business Requirements and Quality Assurance and Testing,
Configuration for Organizational Units and Master Data in Plant Maintenance. It includes Plants, Work Centers, Functional Locations, Equipment,
Tnstallation/Dismmantling at Functional Locations, Equipment Hierarchy, Material, Serial Numbers and Serial Nuvber Profile, Maintenance Plans,
Measuring Points and Counters, Document Link, Maintenance Processing, Corrective and Preventive Maintenance Notification Types, Objects
and Object Information, Catalogs and Catalog Profiles, Integration of Notification to Order, Order Types, Operation List and Activity Types,
BOM’, Costing Sheets. Proficient in Testing and Change Managerrent tools like HPQC, QTP, SMC. Planning and Developrrent of Test cases,
Test plains, Test scenarios to meet the products business requirements. Experience in ERP applications. Excellent Communication and
Docureniation skills and End User Training Testing including GUI Testing, Functional Testing, Performance Testing, Positive and Negative
Testing, Security Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Load Testing, Interface Testing and Regression Testing. Design documents, As-Is &
To-Be process and Function Specifications
als

© Requirements Gathering

Cae Banw avr sls Pam @o niu ony

© Business Analysis © Design

Ce Cette’ * Functional specification

¢ Documentation

Accomplishments
edna rreaice@s(ly ae tebe

ener crneg ue neceee) HOMO Mmeuiuuitalianeccs

WATT EM cen Ee Lae

© Mastered engineering scureare ess.equirements and propose solution which align with the businessprograns, including [Program Name] and
Ly urnenGirdmietkoenionena@ekatstivcteere sistem
« Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.

Received the "Deans Excellence Scholarship "G€aand "Distinguish Scholar Awardd€ at UT Dallas. A

Professional Experience
Consultant 07/2014 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

Projects: ETGIS, Leak Repair, Cathodic Protection.

Requirements gathering and Data analysis.

Perform Mapping of GIS to SAP.

Working with Developers on creating Dashboard for Reporting and Asset Management Perform Interface Testing using SOAPGUI,
Functional Testing and UAT.

Data cleansing involving creating, dismantling and reconfiguring Equipment, Function Locations, Maintenance items in critical environment.
© Identifying data discrepancies comparing GIS and SAP Data by working with SME's Acting as a single point of contact between business
cee he clo

Identified and autormted different processes to significantly bring down the time and resources.

© Providing technical and fimetional support in migration of GIS data to SAP.

Working on Conversion requirements specifications and definition of data elements including clarification of the meaning and purpose of
SAP fields.

Working closely with Asset Strategists, Mappers, and GIS Engineers to identify the issues and resolving them.

Using LSMW, IBIP to create and update the Equipment's, and Functional Locations.

Responsible for preparing training manuals for End Users.

Using the PAR (Probkem Action Resolution), Quality Center tool for defect tracking.

Responsible for preparing Requirements Document and Testing for Enhancements for GAS and Compliance Team.
