CONSULTANT

Si

Tend
7 years of professional IT experience with Masters degree in computer applications; worked mainly with Java (JEE) programming languages.

Passionate about Clean code programming skills and Emergent design techniques. Hands on experience with Test-driven development (TDD) and
Behavior-driven development (BDD) with test autormtion scripts to deliver high quality product. Good java performance improverrent and
reliability experience. Good knowledge to achieve high-availability and Continuous Integration. Good understanding of Relational and NoSQL
databases. Experienced with development processes using Agile, Scrum Well versed with Deutsch culture and traditions, worked with Deutsch
clients and colleagues for more than five years and stayed in client location (Berl, Germany) around for two years. Passed German Al language
certification exam and currently pursuing A2.

Highlights

Java, JEE (Web Services, JSP, Serviet, Struts, JDBC, JMS, MDB, JM&X) Spring Ioc, Spring MVC (REST), Spring Security, Spring
Remoting, Spring AMQP.

Hibernate,MyBatis, Maven, Mockito, WireMock. JMeter, Gatling, JUnit
RabbitMQ, IBM MoSeries.

Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)

Enterprise Service Bus (OSB), Business Process Execution Language, SoapUI
BPEL), Web services, XML, XSD, XSLT, XPATH, Xquery, SOAP.

Spring MVC - RESTFul services with JSON and XML

Web Servers/Tools

Tomcat - Eclipse/Spring tool suite (STS), Maven Jetty Plugin

Oracle Weblogic 11g - SOA Server - Jdevelopper 11.x

Oracle Weblogic! 1g - Oracle Service Bus (OSB) (OEPE)

Websphere Application Server - WAS 7.0/WAS 6.0 - RSA(IBM)

Rational Application Developer RAD 6.0(IBM)

Database:

Oracle 11g, JAVADB - DERBY, HSQLDB, MySql

Sle ite sei

JavaScript, HTML.

Version control

CaN EC Meas Oh AND]

Oliroariives

UML- Enterprise Architect 7.5 (EA) LDAP - Jexplorer, MQExplorer, Athssian stack- JIRA, Bamboo and Confluence, Puppet
Datos smunemstoits

O}artunebsyaartsy

Mac OS, Windows 2000/XP/Avindows7, Linux

Quality Assurance and Robustness

Sonar, performance improvement using JProfiler and VisualVM.

ELK stack and Java melody for API monitoring.

schivor anes
Company Name January 2013 to March 2015 Consultant

oN

Project - Identity and access management (IAM) ADP Deaker services provide services to Automotive dealers with the help of various web
based application.

Identity and access management provides Authentication, Authorization, user management,user provisioning, Single Sign On (SSO),
Federation Services and OAuth to these applications.

Designed & developed RESTFul APIs using Spring framework.

Secured APIs with Oauth2.0 and Basic Authentication protocol.

Impkmented RabbitMQ for API Integration thru Spring AMQP and Spring Integration.

Impknented pivotal GemFire (In-Memory database) to achieve high-performance and to handk high load on Authorization service.
Impkmented MyBatis as persistence framework for Identity service.

Used Oracle RDBMS as user store, implemented Liquibase for identity and authorization.

Improved meaningful unit test coverage till 90+ %.

Organized QA and Wrote integration test cases and performance test cases using JMeter and Gatling (Scala) respectively.

Used Mockito and WireMock as a mocking framework.

Improved API performance by 200%.

Worked metrics/monitoring tool like ELK (elsticsearch Jogstash kibana) stack for API Dashboard.

Used CA Siteminder for Authentication and as SSO provider.

Impkmented several Java Utilities as a part of innovation which helped team

Many tines Showcased working software to Product management and stack holders.

Enthusiastic about leaning new web technologies and train team on it.

Company Name October 2010 to December 2012 Senior Associate Software developer

oN
