CONSULTANT

Professional Summary

Over 15 years of experience in the Non-profit social services sector. Specific target populations: underserved Native American, Latino, youth,
adults and families. Passionate about helping others become empowered and self-sufficient through community resources and wrap-around
Roe com CCT A WEST RO Mr CMU Se rILei Ea Le i Uiaecen ii Lot CU AUET IAW AUOM sleueltiKe cand yeni et im ieliseo bana
PUISUR MOLEC ES melicc Mme Reneoa mel nase aece

als

Microsoft Word, Power-point, Excel & Office Project Evaluation Media Relations Employee and Volunteer Training Grant Certification Project
Leer cetest on]

Work History

CONSULTANT

¢ Assist individuals with ESL (English as a second language) tutoring and preparation for citizenship exam.

* Provide event coordination for Goklen Boy Promotions (GBP), marketing and outreach in the community and serve as personal assistant for
Mma brary Ven cctrey WN a

© Scott Tetreault (E: Scott@goklenboypromotions).

Lead Employment Specialist Company Name - City , State 02/2015 - 03/2016

Ce Palo es ruemraiclibe teem iter iiieid denlcnimambe oe Rasciiee nena Kobsl lini ven (DO mien qcerieckecn (ann

Anrrica's Job Exchange and others.

Maintain close contact with clients during job training and placements to resolve problems and evaluate placerrent adequacy.

Locate barriers to client employment, such as inaccessible work sites, inflexible schedules, and transportation problems, and work with

clients to develop strategies for overcoming these barriers.

¢ Participate in job development and placement programs, contacting prospective employers, placing clients in jobs, and evaluating the
Riese ge acetates

* Colkborate with community agencies to establish facilities and programs for persons with disabilities.

CRE Avo cimich aa iiirenenems eat armel Mista OUCH BITE oes TICe

© Provide intake, job placement and retention for clients with disabilities including Veterans in the greater Los Angeles area.

Interim Director/ Program Manager / Grant Writer Company Name - City , State 06/2004 - 01/2015

© Assure AIC and its mission (to empower the Albuquerque Urban Native American community and others beans provisions of wrap-
Bit nesaaL acs) eet) to promote wellness, education, self-sufficiency and tradition), programs and services are consistently presented in
a strong positive imagery to relevant stakehoklers and throughout the community.

Oversees fimdraising, planning and implementation, including identifying resource requirements, researching finding sources, establishing
strategies to approach fimders, submitting proposals and administrating findraising records and documentation.

1 Oversee, monitor and apply for fimding yearly with contracts awarded from the following NM Indian Affairs Department, NM
Department of Health, City of Albuquerque, Navajo Nations and various foundations (Otten, Kellogg, First Nations, etc).

Plan, organize and implement yearly events for the community such as: Summer Solstice, Back to School, Feed the Children, Halloween,
Thanksgiving, Christms and yearly Job/Health Fairs.

Evaluate the work of staffand volunteers to ensure that programs are of appropriate quality and that resources are used eflectively.

* Recruit, interview, and hire or sign up volunteers and staff.

Serve on Community Committees to promote healthy families and children to reduce poverty, unemployment, substance abuse and
dorrestic violence.

Maintain and seck new relations with state Senators, Representatives and other state officials to promote informmation/ education on AIC and
the impact of services upon the Urban Native American community.

Current status in regards to grant finding obtained - approximately $300,000 + in finding awarded by state, city, foundations and the
Navajo Nations.

eed

Bilingual in Spanish

Education

MA : Counseling WEBSTER UNIVERSITY - June 2004

© Emphasis in Mental HealtlySubstance Abuse Dual Diagnosis

© Emphasis in School Counseling (Elementary Education)

© Participated in2 Clinical Practicumns for a total of 700 hours eared with supervision
© Completed 48 hours of coursework

Bachelors of Art : Psychology & Family Studies The University of New Mexico - City , State May 2001

© Obtained a double major in completed coursework for Psychology & Family Studies

© Inducted into "Psi Chi," the National Honor Society in Psychology for scholastic achievernents

* Actively participated as a student intem (Family Studies coursework requirements) at two different nonprofit organizations
¢ Dean's List (Spring & Fall 2003 - 2004)
