STAFF CONSULTANT

Summary
Experienced professional with project management skills and experience in marketing, supply, and financial performance reporting, Experience
ako includes analyzing data/problems and communicating findings or solutions. Oil and gas and consulting industry experience. Praised by
mmnagerent for alvays keeping a positive attitude and meeting deadlines. Originally from Oklshomn, and looking to move back ifoffered the
Reine Mesmerecances
Skills

© Project Management

© Financial Planning, Reporting, and Performance

CR Oana etree

Cees walucwlechi carts

© Business Analysis and Research Microsoft PowerPoint, Word, and Excel
schivor anes
Staff Consultant 09/2016 to 09/2017 Company Narre City , State

Me ccbu sl custiiimiionentoa ion Ore aiitenuicanetLel erCerck wa CBee ues neBiiiceslBig ee itnoe

Analyzed project performance and communicated updates to key players.

Were rinecRocr boca ecis igo lal eLantcn

Provided project management support for the implementation ofa new shared services center for a logistics client; resulting in the client's
employees were able to more efficiently access and compkte HR requests.

© Assisted in the development ofa multiple location labor market study for an oil and gas industry client.

© Provided the client with pros and cons of opening new business in various locations, which allowed the client to nmke the best location
lous oem

Supported a payroll implementation for a distribution client operating in the U.S.

and Canada, resulting in easier payroll processing for the client.

Supported the development of HR processes, policies, templates, and a high-level process map for a foreign oil and gas client.
Provided client witha U.S.

based HR employee handbook.

Financial Analyst Intern 05/2015 to 08/2015 Company Name City , State

Analyzed financial spreadsheets and communicated findings to upper management.

Generated oil well tax spreadsheets and analyzed for refiind opportunities.

Focused on sales and severance tax fields.

Worked on refimd projects for clients.

Provided clients refinds discovered during the review process.

Cairo bal CORN avo tne LCR aclaleeke nec e

Inserted this information in to the spreadsheets to be used in the review process.

Developed and reviewed summary spreadsheets containing well locations and payments.
Spreadsheets were used to track company well location performance and client payments.

This analysis allowed decision makers to better manage well location performance and payments.
Brady E.

Biggs | 918.344.3202 | Bradybiggs9 1 8@gmmil.com] Page 2 www.linkedin.con/nvbrady-biggs-32999993.

VP Philanthropy 01/2015 to 05/2015 Company Name City , State

* Manufactured a product, confirmed the supply was consistently accurate, marketed and sold the product, and donated the earnings to a
local charity.

© Applied academic preparation with real world business experiences.

© Secured a business loan, developed and sold a product, generated revenue, and repaid the loan.

© Identified potential philanthropies to donate the company's time and profits.

* Volmnteered time and profits to selected philanthropies.

Volunteer Leader 08/2014 to 08/2015 Company Name City , State

© Developed key kadership skills and qualities through mentoring middle school aged children.
© Donated 150+ hours of service, striving to improve confidence and leadership.
© Taught daily to groups of children by applying games, music, and everyday life to help drive the lessons.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Business and Administrative Management (BBA) The University of Oklahomm City , State

Activities and Honors

American Management Association *Independent Petroleum Association of America *International Federation of Accountants *National
Poe seek esr eB Meese

als
