CONSULTANT

Profile

Results driven and team oriented reservoir engineer with extensive experience in reservoir management, enhanced oil recovery, reserve evaluation,
integrated reservoir modeling, compositional simulation, economic analysis, geonrchanics, and project management, looking to utilize his diverse
analytical and research skilss ina challenging role. Fluent in English and French. Has ee ecem er ananlinniocr ime tei lana carey |
and cultural backgrounds,

Sil
See gee ntrst anette)
: niente ind Gcumieiat Se nee e econ a rk OOn eee pee eh
‘i Hipeeanes Se eel aeons nectar ener inet ya ictal
¢ Economic analysis (ARIES) penn
° aid Na * Good understanding of reservoir geology and depositional system fimdamentals
concep! * Geochemical modeling
i" ical desi sundial ¢ Reservoir geomechanics
© Reservoir mnagement .
© History-matching and production forecast * Good understanding oflog and core analyses
¢ Conpositional and bck oil simulation
Accomplishments
Strategic development

Seibel Loi duce kncc oe ne kQeee cae kat aes cored etre Ree e vability of CO2 enhanced
recovery in three Illinois Basin oil fields. This will resutt to potential increase in profit oil by about halfa million barre’.

eocua\anaconung

* Bybeing the Principal investigator for a US Department of Energy project my employer gained an award of $1,000,900.

¢ Demonstrated technical and managerial leadership by putting together a team of geoscientisis and engineers to compkete projects on time
and within budget thus saving client about $2 million in capital and operational cost.

Sea E Bree Eno Rubee anaisoonidcngcrece Ce econ tyg PAS in

© Trained engineering staffon how to use and troubleshoot Landmark Nexus and Bol oteeon ares este een orem nares
efficiency of the group by 15%.

Project coordination and outreach

Pe CEM Cried cdc erat Ob coe hascece Ol crea ORs te computers and provide training in ArcGIS, MS Excel and MS
atte OP Loose cpanel CRs ane eRe RY eles WAI Ce

Neeser e

SE Me Ae ROI ne Le RCAC CR Cana anne tat graduate council at the University of South Florida ftom
PU EPR OE cal ce ouRtcraci adenine bess tuntn tee graduate education and research.

See SE Bon uC MO as Cociuelcone ce oral Pomenteccit erent en Program (EU- GRASP) post-doctoral research
scholarship from 2009 to 2010.

eiliccyeapinar ans
Consultant
REMAN b Reon slant Sy ALON BESTTC)

FMA Ay CAOPR acne Monn age onlin Te eaten eLearn ETD Ye)! (OOD ely eht

* Develop a semi-analytical equations to estimate CO2 storage efficiency and pressure changes at the wellbore.
Cass eri costae Naraeocaeyain irra ce injection.
Pe DCMcreconensireikaicuctesineeioatemiehlres eel S ore eel

Reservoir Engineer
January 2011 to November 2014 Company Name i City, State

02/201 14€” 09/2012 Investigator

Miscibic and immiscible CO2 EOR pilots Fields: Mumford Hills (Clore SOLO ENR Leena enn coc so Meare Galintired
Drilling Inc, Evansville Indiana

* Work diligently with geoscience and engineering staff to develop models that reflect geology and reservoir features.
* Colkct and synthesize input data for compositional simulations,

Ber costa eason So tkaesaanirercet einem

¢ Estimate reserves and forecast production using both analytical techniques and compositional simulation.
