CONSULTANT

Summary

Master's degree in Computer Science with twenty-five years of experience designing, implementing, and maintaining computer prograrrs,
architectures, and operating systems. Expert inC, C++, Java, SQL and with web based applications. Over ten years’ experience teaching as
adjunct or fill time faculty while running a consulting firm

Highlights

Cee eclie cia 6s 00) Pen ariiog

© SQLexpert CR asketncs

* Analytical On Gonos
Accomplishments

CEP ROKR nice CCN NC Com MALAI NYA UNM CSE O MOO Ea Vitara ibeResee Quet rane surunecen

¢ Awarded United States Patent Nurber 5,491,791 in February 1996 for System and Method for Remote Workstation Monitoring Within a
Distributed Computing Environment

¢ Deans Scholarship at the University of Pittsburgh towards Ph.D, degree, May 1989 - May 1990

© Teaching Assistant at the University of Pittsburgh, Operating Systems, August 1989

schivor anes

Consultant

RE MAURO T ac aGQo ance AOE AOC mne Me eectlelnrLoranlgsieunlin ieee wcerad yeier amend
nyjority of the work is server side programming using either ASP or PHP with SQL. Recent contracts included a PHP project using MySQL for a
ticket broker with 1500 websites. Another was doing business analysis programming using SQL Server, C#, NET, AJAX, and HTML fora

Fu eee B Late

Name arltene gucci ies

January 2001 to January 2002 Company Name i City , State Operations progranirer responsibk for programming card access systems. The
programming included enhancerents to the Casi-Rusco Picture Perfect system Responsibilities were to write C and SQL code to enhance the
capabilities of Picture Perfect. Maintained a Red Hat Linux 7.1 server for development purposes. Wrote PHP code to generate reports froma
MySQL database.

Yee Uri NU Gl nama N ACT ow Aes Nel

November 1999 to January 2001 Company Name 1% City , State Programming manager for a distance karning web based business.
Responsibilities included managing the programming department and the programming for a virtual classroom. The classroom was created using
Director with parts including ASP, HTML, Flash, Quicktime and VB.

TS Manager

July 1999 to Noverrber 1999 Company Name 1% City , State Programming manager for a web based business. Responsibilities included
mmnaging programmers and IT professionals and maintaining the front and back ends ofan Intemet based business. Programming was done in VB,
Delphi and JavaScript.

Systems Analyst - Department Manager

November 1998 to July 1999 Company Name 1% City , State Systems Analyst for a large Internet based automated time clock project.
Responsibilities included troubleshooting, interface set-ups with other vendors and new account set-ups. Managed the whole departrent while the
director was not available. Languages used in this position were Java, C++, VB, SQL, FoxPro and HTML. Databases used were Orack and
inate

Senior Systerrs Developer

October 1997 to October 1998 Company Name it City , State Software engineer for an inventory control group ina lange project. Product was
developed ina Windows and a UNIX environment, with the final product to be delivered under UNIX. Code was developed in C using dynamic
SQL onan Oracke database. Duties included coordinating with off-shore programmers, unit testing, sub-system testing, development and
performance tuning. Tool were written in VB on a Windows system

Computer Consultant

April 1994 to Septerrber 1997 Company Name i City , State Developed a Lotus 123 project to manage resources for the project management
team GE Capital Stamford, CT Maintained and enhanced C programs supporting a client/server collections application. Provided 24 hour
customer support for the application as well. IBM Corporation Fishkill, NY Maintained previously existing code written in Lotus 123. Oversaw
the delivery of code using TCP/IP and worked on IBM's Financial Data Warehouse's Internet pages. Provided general PC customer support to
IBM mangement. IBM Corporation Southbury, CT Designed and implemented an OS/2 DB2/2 interface for all SQL ina VX-REXX
application. IBM Corporation Fishkill, NY Designed and implemented an OS/2 Presentation Manager program in C to capture real-time scientific
data ftom an IBM mainframe assembly line producing computer wafers. The data was captured from the serial port of'a piece of equipment
monitoring wafer qualify. Graphs were then drawn using the OS/2 PM GPI commands. Spent some time eaming GPF as a tool for code
development. Self Employed New Hyde Park, NY Designed and implemented modifications to a dBase program to customize it for a client.
Senior Associate Programmer

January 1990 to March 1994 Company Name 1% City , State and Poughkeepsie, NY Systems Test Lead and OS/2 developer for a large OS/2
project written in C to manage the TPF operating system This included extensive Presentation Manager and Database Manager knowledge. This
was a LAN based system and some communications programming was included. Also did some 370 Assembkr programming for the TPF
operating system. Additional Programming January 1979 - July 1984 Defense Industry Programmed for defense contractors in Virginia, Maryland
and New York mostly using the UNIX operating system, with C, Extended Basic and Fortran. This work was mostly chssified; some was reat
time analysis for subrmarine warfare. One 2-year project was mapping for the Defense Mapping Agency.
