CONSULTANT

Executive Profile

As a professional in health care for over 40 years, I have had numerous experiences, clinical and nonclinical, that would be an asset to any
organization. I have authored numerous policies and procedures and technical advisor for several books. Working as Paramedic, Nurse, Travel
Nurse (ED and Hore Health), Manager, Educator, Consultant, Director, Regulator, and serving on two Board(s) of Directors, I ama people
person, and have developed and managed teams of peopke and achieved many goals.

Core Accomplishments

a)

e

e

Readylink Healthcare, Travel Nurse, (2003 and 2005), ED contract- Sarah Bush Lincoln Healthcare, Mattoon, Illinois.

ED nurse for a busy central Illinois ED, with significant rural trauma and medical services.

Agostini and Associates, Travel Nurse (2004)-ED contract-Mercy Merced Medical Center, Merced, California ED Nurse for a facility
serving a highly noncompliant populttion, resulting in a very high acuity and census.

Provena Covenant Medical Center, Resource/ED Nurse, and (2002-2004) - Resource Nurse for the hospital included: Support services to
all hospital departments Performed difficult procedures and skills throughout the facility, including specialized intravenous lines, such as
PICCs, etc.

Specializing in the ED ED Staff Nurse.

Caria

e

Margaret Mercy Hospitals), Nursing Director (2001-2002) -oversight of operations between two hospitals, Hospital operations, rotated
between a 400 and 200 bed hospital, both with a high census and acuity EDs, ICUs, CCUs, NICUs, PICUs, and a compkte Psychiatric
facility.

Encountered numerous unique challenges, including the necessity of closing the hospital (bypass) at times due to census and\or acuity,
resolving conflicts, and adequate staffing.

ED Nurse, Supervisor, ED Registry, (1976 - 1998) Daky's Ambulance\Co*Med Transport, Director of EMS/Educatiow/Human
Resources and National Affairs, (1975 -2001) EMT\Paramedic, then, Director.

Developed respected personnel, education, public relations, and employee health departrents.

Established prestigious Specialized Critical Care Transport and Nurse Teams.

Grew company from 150 employees to 1000, and at its peak, 1000 transports per day.

Authored numerous policy and procedures for company.

Established infection control, including the new OSHA reguhtions.

Developed several customer service initiatives through various CQI programs using a team approach.

Board of Directors (15 years) for the American Ambulance Association (AAA) Board of Directors for the National Registry of EMTs.
Porter Memorial Hospital, EMS Director\Instructor, (1982 - 1985) Oversight of EMS system(s) operations, education (ED and EMS),
Paramedic and EMT prograns, including Popular and unique continung education programs.

CMON aes cencs
Co ames uci neo eAeerou soe Romi ce O mcm elon mn ESennoan eon aCm (lor ond

between 1974 and 2005), Firefighter/Paramedic/Diver Career Achieverrents ED\EMS Consultant Technical Advisor for several books by
Byes

Petit and Diane Petit Authored numerous policies and procedures, including regulations Anrrican Ambulance Association (AAA) Board of
Directors National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians (NREMT) Board of Directors Excellence Award - Walter Schaefer Award,
(AAA), 1999.

© Appointed to the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) Regional EMS and Traum Advisory Committee(s).

Impknented very successful Special Critical Care Transport and Nurse Tears.

Pilot project - evaluating the eflectiveness of prehospital personnel providing HBV/PPD vaccinations, with IDPH and the University of
Chicago - demonstrated effectiveness.

Designed and implemented numerous policies and procedures, including, Drug Free Workplace (challenged successfilly several times), and
a respected credentialing process for hiring EMS personnel, even respected by other providers and hospitals.

Negotiated Rule Making for Medicare (AAA) - resulting ina fair fee schedule with increased retrbursenents for ambulance providers
throughout the nation.

iecrenpomaratecd
Company Name January 1999 to Current Consultant

ry
e
e
cy
e

Oarlbo EEN Tul een ala
OSHA and reguhtory issues.

Startup EMS providers.

HBWTB vaccinations.

Staffing, and patient care.

Company Name Jamary 2010 to Current Assistant Director

Tse

Provided Home Health to patients, specializing in infusion therapy.
Treva ke minesieni ctl l

lentes stra nonnana

Company Name April 2014 to July 2014 Travel Nurse
