SENIOR CONSULTANT

schivor anes

Senior Consultant , 09/2015 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Manage the relationship between CVS Health Med D enrolment operations and EGS (Expert Global Solutions), a.

vendor contracted to process member centric requests and operational processes with 230+ employees.

Engage.

with site directors, operations managers, HR, trainers, workforce consultants, and supervisors to strategically.

resolve workflow and deliverable issues.

Ensure continued service delivery and quality satisfaction from EGS and a successful working relationship between CVS and EGS.
Travel to two main sites bi: monthly durmg Med D's annual enrollment period to ensure successfil training execution.

Set service expectations for each Ine of business.

Successfilly brought up a vendor site with 100+ employees with a 2-month period, including access to all systems, training and escalations.
Raised quality from 70% to an average of 98% by hokling the CVS business process owner accountable for providing job aids, updating
old work instructions and hosting level 3 meetings between with the CVS BPO, vendor trainers, supervisors and Ieads to review errors.

Corsultant/Systems Consultant , 05/2012 to 09/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Produced MedForce Navigation, workflow work instructions, and management reporting capacities via.

Microsoft presentation.

Hosted live meeting trainings (Level 3) with various user groups.

ilineceke occa lem

CVS Caremurk trainers and new hires with system manuak, by building and maintainng MedForce bins,.

workflow, and scheduled jobs.

Produced cabinets, bins and workflow methods for claims corrected errors with documents routed incorrectly within MedForce.
Developed training materials for one of the major systems used at CVS Health enrollment operations departrent.

Trained 300+ employees on the system in-person and via kvel 3, while creating forms and workflow components within the same system.
Installed and maintained the system on all new and existing employee workstations.

Assisted in resolving all escalated requests coming into the MedForce administrative team's mailbox.

Created and helped maintain outgoing member services daily reports.

Assisted in all escalated issues within the Member services scanning team.

Built MedForce forms for chims with workflow bins, while documenting codes.

Conducted data reconciliation of reports and workflow discrepancies.

Pato es rcemmliiencenncrebrrddecice noel bea clesiceicentilectice

Consulted with internal business partners on best-in-class strategies for workflow development and metrics reporting.

Assisted with the enrollment recon project, while managing the credit card recon and removal MedForce project.

Managed the submission of change control tickets and UAT testing for MedForce enhancements.

Developed document imaging templates for successfill OCR scanning.

Ceererctieal orm IPN lnncticsl Merce PAU) CORO Rt E740) 04
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Provided assistance to managers and supervisors with any administrative requests.

Organized all innging system

Fiseeecc eR Ae

Monitored out-of compliance tasks.

Maintained outgoing member services daily reports for.

kadership.

Built MedForce Forms for member services with workflow bins and document codes.

Created new hire profiles and views in MedForce quality control of scanning inputs.

Trained all new hires and assumed responsibility for daily Recon spreadsheet processing imports.

Devised daily new member roster loads and manually installed MedForce icons into member services and new hire desktops.
Managed the daily reinstatement processing of imports, the BEQ TRR code processing imports, and the ICE TRR code processing
imports.

Maintained 10-day letter and QC reports for corrective action.

(eer claim ECS neP aco am UPAR OR UDEPAI Ct)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

MedForce Technology Supported the Medicare D Operations incoming member correspondence.

Identified the type of request.

and scanning mail into imging system for various providers and there corresponding workflow, task type and.
hel

Preece RCCL ANB RCL eI Canine cme contlccsyenn sme hems h i Kences ni Uneete
