CONSULTANT

Professional Summary
Substance Abuse Counselor specializing in assessments.A Responsibk self-starter who communicates well and is dedicated to improving the
Wo ldvenetey gel atice
Skill Highlights
© Superior communication skills CES neva edboceRee bacon
* Therapeutic expertise * Exceptional probkm soher
© Medicaid familiarity © Quality management care team member
© Psychiatric population familiarity = « Community resources specialist
Accomplishments

Effectively mamaged caseloads of more than 30 clients at any given time. A Developed and managed hospital based medical detox program
Developed and managed 2 outpatient 822 OASAS licensed programs.

I ean Teltrpee RoI HECR Tie hee ONE CS IRE GOH Tene La eck eee ch ec em Rm

Professional Experience

Consultant

January 2016 to Current Company Name i City , State

* Provide clinical assessment for substance abusing patients entering treatment. A

© Efficiently gathered information from families and social services agencies to inform development of treatment plans.

© Utilzing clmical guidelines, place patients at an appropriate level of care. Manage patients treatment with insurance companies and unions.
Developing a resource referral center model to identify at risk patients at initial point of medical contact. Incorporated HEDIS measures to
monitor patients for | year post discharge.

Clmical Case Managerrent Specialist
January 2015 to February 2016 Company Name i’ City , State

© Colkborated closely with treatment team to appropriately coordinate client care services.

* Provide case management between manage care organizations, unions and referral sources for patient admission and appropriate levels of
care Commumicate regularly with criminal justice referral sources, clients and family members to maintain egal mandates.

Obtain insurance authorizations and monitor Level Of Care for all commercially insured patients within the clinic.

Correspond with MCO's to support appeal request and denial of services.

Work with fiscal department to insure compliance with corporate goals.

Facilitate DWI Chemical Dependency Awareness Group to assist patients with abstinence.

Treatment Consultant
June 2013 to June 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

© Territory Management for Long Island and New York City.

© Responsible for developing referral relationships with established area detoxes, outpatient clinics, hospitals and psychiatric facilities.
© Marketed residential treatment programs throughout the United States.

* Coordinated assessment, verification of patient benefits, transportation and aftercare planning upon discharge.

© Supported fanilies through referrals to local treatment programs, kegal supportive services and private therapists.

© Worked as lnison between the treating facility and all stakeholders.

Regional Service Coordinator
Tone e Ronee MAU REG nani at LOIN mECIE(c

* Developed a New York based clinical Assessment Resource Center in Mid-Town Manhattan.

© The ARC provided a first point of contact for patients seeking access to treatrent.

© Identified potential referral sources; establish referral relationships to facilitate assessments and admissions throughout the CRC Health
Group/White Deer Run Northeast network.

© Responsible for developing and maintaining referral relationships in New York City and Long Island.

© Became a resource for insurance companies, EAP's, Unions, Outpatient Clinics and private therapists.

© Clients Served: 514 patients engaged for assessments since 2011.

© 208 Conmrercially Insured patients admitted for inpatient levels of care, 254 referred to a lower level of care and 52 lost to contact.

PINE eRSSU na aree)g

Septerrber 2009 to February 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

© Restructured Intake/Assessment department increasing assessment s by 86%.

¢ Increased retention of clients engaged in treatment by 230% YTD 2010.

© Second annual increase of face to face interviews with clients and families from 196 in 2009 to 365 in 2010.
Increased Intensive Outpatient Admission census from 94 in 2009 to 208 in 2010.

Education and Training
B.S : Commumity and Human Services , 2005 SUNY Empire State College 1% City , State Commumity and Human Services
