MARKETING CONSULTANT

Summary

Value Creator, Marketing Executive: A Versatile strategic leader with over 15 years in corporate marketing, business development, and
account management for Fortune 1000, niche, and start-up companies. Success in healthcare, technology, automotive, retail, and consumer-
packaged goods. Proven ability to grow revenues and brand loyalty in B2C and B2B markets with innovative campaigns and targeted marketing
programs.A Contributor to team keader with experience over million-dollar budgets. Entrepreneur mindset creative and analytical skills for
mvasurabk impact. BBA in Marketing and MBA in Management.

cals
CMa STees resem ta sate * Business Competitive Analysis
¢ Forecasting, Budgets, & P&L = © Market Research
¢ Brand & Product Mamgenent © New Product Development
¢ Channel Strategies ¢ Packaging
Ce Seek Ccrariten PAG estou)
Par tocehis\elsenrars ¢ Content & Communications
© Conpkx Selling © Social Media & Digital
¢ Software & Technology Pa ancy
CB etaniatatiyiled « Project Management, Vendor Management
© Sourcing PaO Eau ouellonpayyesy
© Sales Enablement © Call Center & Telemarketing
Experience
Marketing Consultant

May 2011 to Current Company Nanw 1% City , State

© Marketing services and consulting working with diverse companies in healthcare and technology.

¢ Clint roles vary as Consultant, Contractor, and Employee in marketing leadership and managing all areas of the marketing finction and
resources.

© Experience focuses in corporate, startups and individuals secking to thrive including.

Marketing Director/Consultant
April2015 to December 2016 Company Name 1% City , State

Increased profits by 60% in one year through restructure of business line. A B2B technology & healthcare solutions provider and VAR for GE
Trmaging reporting to matrix executive leadership Oversaw marketing for three divisions to support revenue pipeline across diverse vertical markets,

© Key focus in targeting independent hospitals, clinics, physicians with bundled impkrrentation, software, and managed IT.

© Develop marketing finction and oversee telemarketing team campaigns.

¢ Lead facilitator of GE Inaging IT marketing plan including dermnd generation, brand developrrent, and marketing communication initiatives;
ETN rsneesr) es COPA ARN Ce PCRs wre) eUsiisTTEat eng rated

© Developed content for digital and traditional including presentations, customer stories, video, blog, emails, and website.

Managed multiple events across vertical markets in business and healthcare supporting reseller channel strategies and new brand and

product packaging, establishing launch programs, brand standards, calendar, and action plans.

Sr. Director, Marketing
June 2014 to Decerrber 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

A B2B healthcare informatics solutions for Employers and Payers; reporting to President/Cofounder (company sold) Developed brand and UX
crores Om en a cdibe og eros acer Acs umn Becibeninom Oy EAlsLom

Oversee communications, brand standards, and proposals for consulting services, and diagnostic reports coordinating team,

Created weekly blog strategy: establish calendar, targets, and authors to drive leads, SEO, and content.

Manage public relations including media, press releases, and distribution to target industry contacts.

Initiated enmil campaigns, webinars, and social media entry to buikl brand via targeted campaigns for lead generation and other content
including whitepapers.

Initiated CRM evaluation and sekction to build-out system for contacts, leads tracking, and emmnil integration.

td ecbouclulnee ORHAN ED Rcononciegerinece omatucnerebrngucestarsne ernecaene solucoet ial ice
positioning, market research, testing, naming, product roadmap, segmentation, and identity creation.

Developed 2015 marketing plan, calendar & budget to generate $1M in organic growth across the largest 750 plan sporsors.

Manage more than 45 branded events including sponsorship and exhibits working with the national and regional industry groups, AHIP,
AMCP, World at Work, SALGBA and other national industry organizations reaching health plans and sponsors.

Developed new brand website strategy w/ engagement tools, content, and rebranding launching in 6 weeks.

Marketing Director/Consultant
January 2013 to May 2014 Company Name i City , State

National keader in hospital revenue cycle solutions; reported to President (company-wide cost reductions).
