MEDIA CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

FILM &MEDIA |PUBLIC SPEAKING & COMMUNICATIONS [PRODUCTION |EDITING |STAFF MANAGEMENT SUMMARY OF
QUALIFICATIONS Award-winning multi-media professional with 14+ years of wide-ranging experience in film, television and video production.
Selfmotivated and highly reliable; work well both independently and as part ofa team Proven ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines.
Tactfiil and diplomatic, able to buikd and develop simul and large creative and technical teams. Sophisticated communication skills with strong
troubleshooting capabilities; collaborate well with managers and external partners to effectively develop teams and organize workflows from pre-
to post-production. Seeking an opportunity to leverage my diverse skills and contribute to the success of creative tears.

alg

MS Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Internet
And social media sawy
Editing: Final Cut Seven, Avid, Adobe Premiere

WOM ony ale a

Administrative, Scheduling
Adobe Premiere, Script
Arabic, Staffing

rN CME CS}

seireeatinome hinee)

Content, Management
Clients, Video

Delivery, Video Production
Peat UNHIvOMmy coeucie) iva

Work History
01/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Production scheduling, budgeting, script review & breakdowns:

Ce ee ee

prelim eel olay
iO aeuponaiy
Fim

French
bdepetcah chiar

IS loerawg
Tnvoicing
Director

Magic
Welaceted

Wi octsmenecthelt ot)
Exel

Outlook
PowerPoint
MS Word
Negotiations
Communicator
Camera
Photography
MWiectanelbetcs
Syeoees
Processes
Public relations
Public speaking
Speaking

Read

¢ Asa Partner ina videography and photography production service focused on lifestyle presentations, pitch a range of services to potential

erence

sae ZUR ce

Create and maintain production schedules and optimize staffing

MEDIA CONSULTANT, 01/2010 to 07/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Negotiate pricing, responsible for product delivery and invoicing.

Maintain efléctive professional relationships with people from diverse backgrounds: meet with industry representatives and media partners,

Manage day-to-day workflow including video and photography production.

Define and ensure guidelines, best practices and processes are followed by the team whik providing support and expertise.
Obtain necessary licenses and documentation for location shoots.

Identify production-related problems and implement appropriate solutions.

© Directed public relations campaigns and developed media plans with the director ofa well-known grassroots media production and

distribution organization.
Organized fimdraisng and public speaking tours.

Managed production staff
Filmed and translated interviews.

07/2006 to 07/2009
Company Name 4€“ City , State

rod Cr oe 2 St Ch a

.

Directed and Line Produced feature-length film: coordimted staff on set, created and adhered to shooting timetable.

QO slnoco Mieco cules edreankeocne acon ticuc ence fecchoncree mend ca biem
Set up engagements in the US and Europe and did speaking tour to promote film
