IT CONSULTANT

Career Overview

Network administration veteran with extensive experience building, improving, supporting and architecting ASP-type infrastructures.
Qualifications

Windows Server 2000-2012, Active Directory, Windows Desktop O.S. 7 - 10, Exchange Server 2010-2013/VMWare vSphere (ESXD,
Amnzon Web Services, EC2, $3, CloudFront, Glacier, RDS, MySQL, MS SQL, Linux Centos 6, Appke 10S, SonicWall, Office365 Software:
MS Office, RDP, Putty, SuccessWare21

Accomplishments

¢ CERTIFICATIONS:.

Aug oanan at acs
01/2001 to 01/2015
TT Consultant Company Nane

© Impkmented and managed IT infrastructure Designed and managed Windows Active Directory Network (Windows NT 4.0, Windows
2000 - 2012 servers); Managed MS Exchange, MS SQL, SuccessWare21, Symantec Backup Exec, Kaspersky Virus Protection servers,
and Sonic Firewalls; Managed and supported Tadiran PBX, AEONIX Contact Center, and CSI (VO) Call Accounting servers; Developed
and implemented secure remote access solution for sales consultants and field service technicians; Provided hardware and application
support for house and field service personnel; Installed, and troubleshoot applications and services on Windows and IOS devices;
Network Design and Installation (Windows Networking, Active Directory) Hardware/Software Installation and Configuration Remote
Access Solutions, including secure Wireless technologies Enmail A$ Database Development Services Performance Monitoring and Tuning
Server Sizing and Capacity Planning Disaster Recovery and Business Contingency Planning Vendor liaison and product selection 24x7
Pete atone orb onee Akan scdrerwere eres yeu ce

01/1998 to 01/2001

Sr. Systems Engincer/Project Manager Company Name
OTR R ag

Neel ears Bien my de nocinnik@l vain

Menber of global systems integration team

Provided field service fimetions in the nnintenance, installation, and deployment of networking and document management solutions for hw

fins and various other clients in the South Eastem United States.

* Responsibilities include project management of server and network installations, upgrades, and conversions, daily monitoring and
troubleshooting of servers and networks, Citrix Metaframe 1.8, Citrix Metaffame XP, Citrix Nfise, and 24 hour on call support.

© Researched and defined client/server security architecture and provided technical leadership and coordination for the planning and
Clo) eran ae a tanece Le ice

© Techmatics, In., Next Century Integration Develop and provide WAN and LAN solutions for various clients in Windows NT 3.51, NT 4.0,
WFW, and Windows 95 environments.

* Including, Install and configure Intemet access, remote access, system redundancy solutions that included all levels of RAID, and server
mirroring technologies.

© Promoted to Director of Operations in December 1996, Washington Region: Supervised five employees: Successfilly managed various

projects in implementing client/server and Internet solutions for various clients.

01/1992 to 01/1996
Technical Analyst Company Name

© Responsible for the installation, maintenance and operation ofall computer related hardware and software.

© Work with Technology Supervisor and Personnel Supervisor to maintain consistency with regard to word processing procedures among

secretarial and word processing personnel and assist with ongoing training in new procedures.

Support all inter-office telecommunications, electronic muil and Internet services.

Serve as the System Administrator to Windows NT LAN supporting 150 users.

Administer SQL Server and PCDocs databases.

Coordinate with other firm offices regarding telecommumications procedures, and implementation of new technologies.

Interact with vendors in acquisition of new software and hardware.

Member of Morrison & Foerster Networking Taskforce: Provided feasibility study that preceded implementing client/server technology into

the Morrison & Foerster environment.

© This included costs analysis as well as operation, and management evaluations of NetWare, Banyon Vines, Pathworks and Windows NT;
Assisted in the implementation of client/server technology in nationwide offices: System integration and conversion ftom VAX/VMS,
Decnet, S6KB to Windows NT, TCP/IP, Frame Relay Network.

Education and Training

AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Level. January, 2016 UNITEK MCSE BOOTCAMP City , State

February 2000

Microsoft Certified Professional, Microsoft Certified System Administrator. November, 2003 Interwoven Technologies, Inc. (formally iManage)
Chicago, Illinois - iManage Certified System Engineer Computer Learning Center 1% City , State
