CONSULTANT

Summary

Hurmn Resource Professional A highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. Directs projects that
improve efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements. Human Resource ProfessionalA highly effective at incorporating creative
kadership skills to achieve business objectives. Directs projects that improve efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements.
Highlights

Budgeting and forecasting

* Enployee rehtions

© Compensation administration
© Affinmative Action compliance
* OSHA inspections

¢ Employment hw knowkdge
© Process improvement

CE eriaraleeny att

Accomplishments

Developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging.
Developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging.
schivor anes

AU RE @tacans

LO Hio rae cla Nts Cea ON BESTT] Ce

Reviews federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.

Wrote ISO 9000-level HR instructions for employee in and out processing.

Works with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.

ManagesA all salary changes stemming from mertt increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.

Career Development Program Director, Community Outreach Volunteer Works closely with members in all aspects of their job search,
Fee Legis LOSI CM NRT OM Celie Demin Clu Eee Mice LCM eM els Rcec Meio u oe

* Identifies and connects clients to potential jobs, schook, military or other traning programs for participants.

¢ Performs mock interviewing, professional online image consulting and general business competency training,

PER OR 0G)
Compensation and Benefits Specialist Company Name 1 City , State

© Designed, and introduced the organization's first formal workplace accommodation process and procedure.

* Impkmented the organization's first results- based wellness incentive campaign produced over 35% ROI within first year, reduction in
absentecs, tumover and overall health of the employee population.

© Responsible for $3.5 million departmental budget with multiple vendor relationships keading employee resources groups of up to 15 staff
eee

© Re-engineered multi-faceted HR communication channels and strategy including: web- based solutions; total rewards statements, and on-

Siemericelapeea

Incorporated diversity focus in benefits programs and policies.

Created extensive health management programs to increase engagement and drive down cost with evolution toward outcome based

ucts

* Developed and implemented overall benefits strategy by adding several employee wellness activities and events at no cost.

© Consolidated several medical plans resulting in improved benefit levels, reporting, satisfaction, and a 10.3% reduction in annual expenses.

07/2010 to 10/2013
Commercial Relationship Manager Company Name i City , State

© Responsible for retention, im group growth, and the sale of new products and services into existing accounts.

Researched departmental systems to improve business process improvement resulting in $300k yearly saving.

Led team in overall sakes efforts including small business calls, outbound sales, hosts’ sales events and other networking seminars.

Created team -building activities to strengthen and enhance interpersonal communication.

Utilized multiple kaming methods and technologies to deliver client training sessions, including in person classroom, virtual chssroom, self
Rleartuspoenelneiiiawet ees

Ler /PAUTU RCM e201
Benefits Specialist Company Name i City , State

* Counseled employees and managerment on leave of absence policies and procedures to ensure employees had all appropriate information
including interpretation of mult state and federal hws, COBRA, FMLA, HIPPA, ADA, etc.

Liaison between the policyholder and The Standard.

Responded to chimand coverage inquires, including verifying appropriate premium administration.

Developed effective relationships with Human Resources, benefits and payroll staff throughout the policyholder’s business units to ensure a
