CONSULTANT
Summary

Over 20 years experience working with IFC on many sectors - oil and gas, mining, renewable energy and

Sail
Eas cc IZOA Co hg eel eu Om Le Ee cue eae
* Experience with several IFC Portfolio Databases.A

schivor anes
CO SNC ae Pe POMC cna Gen aN TnL L@ NG

© Conducted risk and impairment analyses of IFC's portfolio of loan and equity investments and recommended to senior management the
specific loss reserves to cover impaired individual investrents.

Analyzed financial statements of client companies and coordinated with Investment Officers to validate information from IFC files.
Participated in the development ofa new loan loss reserve forecasting tool based on Joan migration analysis.

Took part in the preparation of the FY97 Loss Reserve Review Paper.

Participated in discussions on the status of investee companies with the Investrent Departments.

ursirlens Bice hquaacliecs neice ORent eral Eel erie

Policy Analyst , 03/1991 to 07/1994 Company Narne 1% City

© Managed a team of seven professionals to establish and operate one of the Company's first joint ventures with the Austrian partner Berthold
& Stempel.

¢ Worked on the introduction of easing in the hotel and catering divisions of the company.

© Worked with Senior Management on the introduction ofa new accounting system.

Lecturer , 01/1987 to 03/1991 Company Nane

© Taught a course in Microeconomics.
* Participated ina mavber of projects on companies’ restructuring and regional development issues with local enterprises and government
Bieaeeece

etic

Bulgarian and Russian (fluent); German (working knowledge).

Education and Training

MBA : Finance , Noverrber 1996 GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY 1% City , State Finance 3.67 Finance Club, Consulting Club. * SEED
(Cinerce Wein olcucnesaLa eet aecloas

MS : Economics , February 1987 Varna University School of Economics Varna Bulgaria Economics 3.85/4.00 Graduated in the top 5%. * Gold
Medal from the Bulgarian Ministry of Education awarded for academic excellence.

als

accounting system, Bulgarian, Consulting, client, Database, equity, Senior Managerrent, Finance, financial statements, forecasting, German,
goverment, investrents, migration, Russian (fluent, spread sheet, word processing
