CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

© Health care Administrative Assistant with 3 years of experience

© Experience in the health field for 5+ years

© Allocated monthly budget of $1000 for Muslim Students Association's planned activities

CMO eiaocbiipinicneanc CR ast esenc toa Lem cn@aeelelesemsM eee Meera]

als
© Skilled in Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Premier Suite, SQL Database, and SAS = «- Data Managerrent
© Planning and development * Excellent communication skills
© Strategic decision mking Ce Brreberdesicanaria
CP rerauponuc Ge lm@onedt era Riese cncnt * Conflict resolution

Work History
Health Revenue Specialist , 02/2019 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Developed work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines.

Devised strategies to improve organization efficiency and optimize group management.
Kept detailed records of project progress, discrepancies and other finding.

BO slonteeiB cekva pec nn chanics om Keer HCR\e bene Lac eenseen ees
Verifies drugs and services are properly authorized and proper documentation is on fik.
COOMm TMP aacCHUT Gl anene Beco tice ee emt yen cciey

Communication with team members, intake, pharmacy, insurances, and management.

« Analyzing trends to solve complex issues.

Administrative Assistant , 10/2017 to 12/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Performckrical tasks such as answering phone calls, filing paperwork, delivering films, and faxing documents to insurers and other
healthcare providers.

(Ar uleio Rp Lan S em ic a ekseibadl sae Prentce canes cetaa

Worked extensively with electronic medical records.

Provided logistical support for programs, meetings and events, including room reservations, agenda preparation and calendar maintenance.
Created PowerPoint presentations for business development purposes.

Monitored premises, screened visitors, updated logs and issued passes to maintain security.

Intemship , 06/2016 to 08/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Work extensively with organization's electronic medical records to schedule patients, coordinate shifts, provide service to the under insured.

* Performed general office duties, including answering multi-line phones, routing telephone calls or messages to appropriate staff, greeting the
public, typing, proofreading, filing, sorting and handling incoming and outgoing mail.

© Shadow physicians and nutritionists regularly.

© Organize annual fimdraising dinner to sustain fiee clinic's daily operations.

¢ Answered telephone inquiries from clients, vendors and the public.

© Performed tasks such as taking vitals, primary and secondary assessirents.

Administrative Assistant , 05/2015 to 08/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Performed general office duties, including answering multi-line phones, routing telephone calls or messages to appropriate staff, greeting the
public, typing, proofreading, filing, sorting and handling incoming and outgoing mail.

CPP Cooa cane avon eee mulitesciiesieecicpeeatatcenennen slab ulearitoeigece <ace meet Keeneie

© Participated in marketing and outreach and other vishility efforts, as requested.

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Science : Community Health , 2017
University Of Illmois At Urbana-Champaign - City , State

© Ekcted to Vice President for Pakistani Students Association in 2016

¢ Ekcted to Fundraising Chair for Muslim Students Association in 2016

© Coursework in Health Planning, Health Administration and Health Finances, Health Data Analysis, Macroeconomic Principles, and
Healthcare Systems

yak)
