LEASING CONSULTANT

Summary

To attain a position with a client and team oriented business that promotes my customer service aptitude whik expanding company-wide
Perey cuuem OB recaellackonacemseni cy

Experience

Leasing Consultant Jan 2016 to Current

Company Name 1% City , State

IW or Ra cone anien mre aero masters rece mag Ecccinr kercnre rca caer
resident retention of current residents.

Process rental applications and compkte related fons, verify all information in rental applications. Obtain and review applicants credit
Keema vaste Bin lec Kalbe es eone VU yatLa

A A Record traffic sheets, guest cards, and/or daily reports updated of leasing activity such as inquiries, appointments, rentals, intent to
vacate notices, move-ins, and move-outs.

as

A Assist in maintaining required inventories for community supplies and equipment.

A A Assist in maintaining up-to-date and accurate reports and completing all reports as requested by Resident Manager and/or Corporate
Office.

A A Colkct and handle rents and deposits. Prepares rent receipts.
A A Handk resident concems in the absence of Resident Manager or Assistant Manager.

Leasing Specialist Jan 2014 to Jan 2016
Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Interviews prospective tenants and records information to ascertain needs and qualifications.

Tours prospects to vacan/model apartients, discusses size and layout of rooms, availabk arrenities, such as swimming pool and saunas,
Pees ec he y eeoon MMR Mece NN Zio) mem antics cae

eo rerolicta Pr ccuneke Peat mechice pal memecuntcso MM nip ese neeat CMs OME Re bambi nesceR Uy LTen Loe eco) Etter y
Enters all traffic (walk-ins, ermils, phone calls, leads) into Yardi as well as follow up on all inquiries regarding current and fiture unit
availbility,

Conplketes lease form or agreement and collects rental deposit.

Inspects condition of units prior to move-in to ensure they are clean of debris and meet company standards.

DR NOnge one Reason ecm ec hee obilarnadnawenna some lavanerire keen aces

Conpikes listings of available rental property.

Composes and posts vacancy advertisements on Craigslist at least 4 daily.

Leasing Specialist Jan 2011 to Jan 2014
Company Name 1% City , State

Greet prospects and qualify by covering all criteria (Ask questions; utilize compkted guest cards, etc.).
Sieredsamemo eno onnerenin Sia rane RuSICEO Ee sienna se ice

File own guest cards and maintain according to established procedures.

Inspect models and availble "tmuarket ready” communicate related service needs to Property Manager.
Pens coi nia nens eco mney guia haem ceed Oko rancproaecme\ Zann rn tiles tiem
Have prospect compkte application and secure deposit in accordance with the company procedures and Fair Housing,
Update avaihbility report, process applications for approvals.

ie., credit check, rental history, etc.) Submit application for final approval

Follow up with applicant regarding status.

Dict ana H cel em icd Cone Oni ces Re eyuced kel (cm

Immediately follow-up on prospects that did not close and attempt to close sale again.

Secure new resident signature(s) on appropriate paperwork prior to move-in.

Assist in monitoring renewal.

Distribute and follow-up on renewal notices.

AW onto huautsnega feat ha necon

Gather information about market competition in the area and file.

Assist in the implementation of company marketing plans as needed.

Represent the company in a professional manner at all the times.
