CONSULTANT
Summary
Media Planner and Media Buyer roles handled in the adverstising industry with a total work experience of 4+ years. Excellent knowledge in the
Media agency analytical tools like TAM (Television Audience Measurement), IRS (Indian Readership Survey), TGI (Target Group Index), and
Google Analytics. Excellent knowledge in Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, Project, and Visio. Have used the tools at work place and
academic front prudently. Basic and working knowledge in SQL (Structured Query Language), Core Java, HTML, SAP MM module Worked on
operating systems like Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, and Appke OS X. Strong Interpersonal skill, keadership skills, listening skills,
quick leamer, and team player. Have a delightful and enlightening experience in working with top clients in FMCG, Autonnbik, Retail, e-
commerce ete. Attended several conferences, and training programs with seniors. Highest qualification is MBA in International Business with dual
specialization in Marketing and Finance. Currently pursuing Masters in Managerrent Information Systems in the US. Looking forward to switch
industry from Marketing to Technological field focused on Database side preferebly.
BS ania}

CUAL
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS
Databases
MYSQL
Database Tools
Kie)e
Analytical and data Retrieving Tools
Google Analytics, TAM, TGI, RAM, IRS
O}artunebsyaartsy
Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, and Appke OS X.

Accomplishments

Project Title Hospital Database Management System Course Database Design and Implementation Problem Lack of Centralized Database
System, paper records management and lack of communication between functional Department Solution To design a Hospital management
system and build the database in SQL Summary The project was related to Relational Database System and after identifying the
departments and hospital unit as a whole.

At the designing stage ER and Scherm was formulated and in the implementing stage database was built in the most popular RDBMS calked
MySQL.

Tools used MySQL Project Title Accounts Receivable Application (ARA) Course System Analysis and Design Problem The Company
was working on an old kegacy IBM mainframe system, which was costly ad inefficient.

Solution Mainframe to distributed Enviroment Setup Summary new project proposed is to build an Accounts Receivable Application
GAT V BU eb crercirloecoe MMi bebe emstee Reecitim Shy Mivcheicstin meh ila tel

The Distributed ARA would be using the J2EE Platform, which is platform independent Java environment a Java platform for building, and
implementing web based enterprise and application.

© Likewise, a disseminated framework will give Flexibility and scalability and cost efficiency.

* Methodology Generating System Request, Feasibility analysis, Use cases, Sequence, class, package diagrams, GUI Sampks Tool
Suggested/Used Ms Visio, Ms Project 2010, Java JDK, Business Objects, MySQL, Red Hat Linux, Web Logic Project Title ERP
Impknentation for a Regional electrical Utility company Course Enterprise Resourse Planning (ERP) Problem The company fictional units
are not communicating effectively and hence the overall efficieny is falling down Solution ERP system to make the company integrated
across finctions Summary Regional electric utility company is planning to implement ERP systems into their organization to make it more
robust and integrated.

Methodology In each fimctional units of organization which is Marketing, HR, Finance, and supply chain, the organizational structure needs
to be identified, fimcational and inter business processes needed to be identified and database needs to be integrated accordingly.

Tools Suggested SAP S&D, MM, FI, and HR Moduks.

schivor anes
03/2014 to 07/2014
Consultant Company Name

© The company was an event mamgement company focused in the sports and fitness field based out of Bangalore.

© Their main client was Google and my role was to plan the events and consult the company on Marketing related processes.

¢ Job Responsibilities Managing Clients event planning budget Design and Implement Event Plans Monitor and control Event plans Consult on
Advertising and Marketing activities Manage Reports and presentations Send Weekly and monthly updates Attend Pitch Meetings and
Free alt o bcm

eT eR mee)
Account Manager Company Name

© To manage Clients Advertisng Budget, Presenting the competition scenario in media perspective, suggesting an appropriate media mix and
successfully implementing the plan, doing a post evaluation for the Media plan implemented.

* Job Responsibilities Division of work among the team member according to the brief Prepare a Work flow report and assigning
responsibilties witn deadline Competition Analysis and Target audience profiling according to the campaign need Seeking approval for first
