CONSULTANT
Career Focus

Business Professional acutely focused on customer service and network building. Promptly develops vital relationships needed to operate and
succeed ina sales field. Manager with expertise in delivering support services and resolving customer complaints. Over seven years of experience
in Real estate development. Also a quick study, with an ability to easily grasp and put into application new ideas, concepts, and technologies.
Exceptional organizational, communication, interpersonal, analytical, and problem resolution skils. Thrive in both independent and collaborative
work environments. Proficient in the use of computer applications including MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access, as well as AutoCAD and
Fos 0

Sumnnry of Skils
: Hiahhauial ment © Homrowners insurance knowledge
st vee ¢ Excellent communicator
© Compensation administration ae ee eee ee
© Performance management strategies rer ener
© Human resources audits nan 5
oe sys ¢ New program and promotion implementation
: pee confidentiality © Procedure development
ENT Resources ae Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS)

Accomplishments
Experience includes over 1,000 physical property mspections.
Promoted to City Counsel laison after fifieen months.

Professional Experience

Consultant May 2011 to Current

Company Name i City , State

Maintain in-house clients, obtain customer referrals and continuously build relationships.

Recruited and interviewed 30-60 applicants per 30 days.

Customize Benefit plans for individuals and company employees based on their current health and financial needs, family history and budget.
Administer the following benefit programs: Medical, Dental, Life, Accident, Short and Long-Term Disability. Serve clients with supportive service.
SYroeo rico rmM trace Once aneieeae letra cebeecriec Bim yre litle

chi Tree LC EE ee ccRON Le Lay be temmLence inane nun an

Advised on Implerentation of payroll and tax systems

Recruited and hired international contract workers

PC Cotmar ss aERe Re Reiicleregee amis anmebcoaetitertbrastceursinccce

lOesmniomnecoranl (keno mel atic

Conducted benefits administration for benefit-cligible employees.

Identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and performing an average of 25 calls per day.

PCOS eB ecorcuo ke mane mnen ice Omen «Rat selie

Responded to all customer inquiries in a timely manner.

PC Cotmar ss aERe Re Reiicleregee amis anmebcoaetitertbrastceursinccce

pelea management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related
po iele atts

Loan Consultant / Developer Feb 2009 to Oct 2014
Company Name i City , State

Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to retail mortgage lending,
