eee ay Nee
ei eSy oral Rin rita

Highly qualified Electronics Engineering Technician with training and experience in electrical and mechanical systems. Demonstrated ability to read
eC Luce uci sens Rte arene tk ete equipment to troubleshoot equipment and manufactured products. Excellent at contributing to team
ce Dw coaibonccd masiatnnetcaetiacel LE En acai dicate Cereal ee encourage high-level performance,

ee cis nrcrnrm iret get calibrating, configuring and troubleshooting, A stellar work ethic with the ability to excel ina fast-paced
environment.

Skills
See erator inminsbronlcltins rationed

. lees tecterta)
Pane corer ° ,
oor ae
© Testing © Proj
cd a News olatcanrund
Basie saniiegsine Rayne
ca en es BaSclisniclictuenrars

ecu mcenasbes Elina cate

© Hardware diagnostics Saree

Pe Sitresrisitecnan’

Work History
EMO SNicnamie NCAR Ot ncn
Company Name a€“ City , State

See cr ccebe Wlcug sicOR UT Lars ol nee Mel aa ek eee te een different stages and directly addressed concems.
Seti m Oram kal rr bre dsdaes ister sD alee cteee rer steel

* Documented all software development methodologies in technical manuals to be used LOAD In RCt so coR Br TiN coe
¢ Inspected equipment and assessed functionality and optimized controk.

Sue oh@ eae nacre ei ceatIN Cl ce ari torl bitin lee

SMe sce Roi tecm eslcline cek Obs eve ONO sInee Brees neri Chr etgeTTtee itd Pr carecen em cin

* Responded to customer requests via telephone and ermail and effectively answered questions and inquiries,

Master Technician , 11/2017 to 03/2019
Company Name a€“ City , State

Perform Maintenance and Operating System Checks on Mac and PC Phtfons.

ee tle Sele io icliacoar ad Norlneiice| by maintaining accurate and detailed records using Lightspeed POS System

Effect repairs to assigned equipment by following established Electrostatic Discharge (ESD) and safety standards and procedures while
conducting quality assurance checks on ekctronic devices.

ee Saosin cam rent tite ceo nual ely Coe

eer ten snes i si rend ayant eR CTL NCEE Ra trT msec tree

Maintain software by installing, configuring and troubleshooting various applications,

Maintain and Diagnose component kvel ORD Alea ee cnerit ocak Os itlaa PO IM EL Cm LO oT MMI leo Ont e (Ooi e) oy
ee EO culos renin! (cela pana

Tested various types of Cellular Devices, Bel CMU ee Gein orm ack Ost re) Consoks, PC's, Laptops and other related peripheral
eT SPUN RTS S La Leie Oo oscilloscopes, multi-reters, voltage calibrators, spectrum analyzers and other emcee
uate Rountacucutacti arensirincitr ee ttt repair.

eT LOLS Lauaa oa teeare Rect streat a

oor Bleccucnaa titan brretancren ete ts arene ee ULC SE Len Saino coon wang careers) trem 7

Reviewed and interpreted technical documents, peacoat Mead ent eee ete e nD tor ee

Used diagnostic and testing processes in collaboration with technicians to identify, define and solve development issues.

Monitored installation and operations to ees Taninaacse neces ened requirements,

Coordinated with vendors to identify and procure Appropriate equipment necessary for the project.

Monitored the manufacture of electrical devices and eer ne eran sredaerr yitecca rN safety protocols.

Initiated a project management cel aanengiins Ranocce(ani smarter ter aee| eu snliatuon ane Nel T ee

Continually improved methods and procedures for ae ee Luminance RL a Na Coa tired

a SOREN Lc cao ein eee pl eRe eine ee cat com

Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and Ae Stiles CEs e RI Cno nraecreod

Provided Tier 1 IT support to non-technical internal users Pee Sen ORLCON UIE Cos ar CRTT oot acral Soe

TEI Lclcabel tea entratmtt eee hl SUR s tina lacarecet abel ten ee knowkdge base.

Keesha omicmnb cca tools ects heen applicable to company products in order to aia coast nea kart atc
Evaluated and responded to incoming sales Ieads and requests for technical support assistance.

eT ete Purayacedirky tare mised Dee Sheet Rel ramen ee musa Rye Sonics

Nee ecm eibunmonseanlt en tator teat technology finctionality in order to provide Pot tatoo ar ct od

Provided excellent customer service eT Toren ontledEtay nonce alee

Exercised creativity and flexbility to respond ee Seb ee NOAM tc eea lorry tight deadlines and simultaneous ete eliitege aie tiie)
detailed tasks.

i es
