CONSULTANT

Ss

Building Design and Construction Manager Extensive management leadership in successful operations, devising strategies to measurably improve
corporate profit. Adept at acquiring, developing and managing building construction projects across a wide range of project types. Expertise in
executing the Work while mamging staffand accounting. Key skills include Business Developrrent, Building Construction, Estimating, Scheduling,
Contracts and Negotiations, Building Design and Project Management.

schivor anes

Tea kettie vans

LO Hio rae cla Nts Cea ON BESTT] Ce

© Expanded new business opportunities in Texas for Program Mangement firm.

* Developed contacts with Owners and Architects to develop relationships and solicit project possibilities.

© Provided Project Management and Cost Consulting Services to Owners and Architects on major Higher Education, K-12, and Healthcare
Projects.

Worked with Contractors and Construction Managers to reconcile Estimates, Schedules and Scope Changes.

© Advised Owners, Developers, and Lending Institutions in contracting with Architects, Engineers, Constructors and Subcontractors.
Project involvement includes design and construction of educational, healthcare, apartent complexes, retail, hotels, office, and religious
facilities.

Range of project construction costs to $250 million.

Identified numerous oversights and construction error on major Austin hotel project.

Asa fast-tracked scheduled project, a firm opening date of the hotel was necessary for convention bookings.

Advised Owner on needed corrective measures, realistic costs/ schedules and worked with developer to implement solutions.

Secured design/build projects for Clients with a satisfaction and being hired for their next projects without any competition.

This was affected by thorough cost estimating, scheduling, great project management staff involvement providing up-front information to the
ferenmananalpems accom

Worked with State of Texas Emergency Management on Disaster Reliefto coordinate Applicants’ efforts with FEMA.

¢ Developed matrix to manage information regarding status ofall Non-Profit Organizations.

© Advised Applicants on solutions for corrective measures and how to implement them

01/1986 to 01/2001
Principal Company Name i City , State

Dato eceBhaCanic Teco

Procured Design/Build, Competitive Bid, and Negotiated projects.

I cemiet el Roitecrneg sce) (aaacrli®

Managed all estimating, scheduling and operations of projects including healthcare, educational, retail, offices, religious, and technology
facilities.

Formuhted proposal presentation, contracted with architecturaVengineering firm to desigw/build major project and developed a joint venture
partnership to perform the Construction.

Client subsequently had firm build two additional facilities in State.

01/1986 to 01/2006
Principal Company Nanr i City , State

© Founded a new Architectural firm to address projects for Clients.

* Performed numerous projects as design/build contracts.

© Designed, documented and developed new projects.

© Contracted Engineering support for documentation.

* Projects included educational, healthcare, retail, offices, research and technology, and religious facilities.
© Designed and documented multiple industry projects for repeat Clients.

01/1984 to 01/1986
Branch Office Manager / Business Development Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Launched branch office of major Construction Firm
© Developed new business contacts, and in working with existing clients, expanded additional work on several projects as scope changed in
business process.

brairestbeny

1965

Architecture University of Houston 1% City , State , United States Architecture

Post-graduate studies in City Planning, University of Houston (Houston, TX) Architect, State of Texas License #6624 Texas Residential
Construction Commission Registration #41143

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Anrrican Institute of Architects City of Rollingwood, Texas - Planning & Zoning Commission 1986-1989, Utility Commission 2009-2012,
Chairman 2012 Tarrytown UMC, Co-Chair Buiking Committee 2001-2004, Board of Trustees 2004, Chairman. 2005 Volunteer Healthcare
Clinic, Board of Directors, 2012-Present
