CONSULTANT

Si

Tend
Business focused professional with a passion for healthcare and patients. Leverage experience and expertise to help businesses execute on their

strategic initiatives. Experience in managing experience design and human-centered focused projects, strategy planning, logistical planning and
execution, strategic change management, corporate communications, project management, and leaming design. Known for an inmate ability to
diagnose problems and develop creative solutions tailored for each organization. Extensive experience kading tears and developing team
members at varying kvels in their career, as well as being able to work in complex organizations.

schivor anes

09/2015 to Current

LO Hio rae cla Nts Cea ON BESTT] Ce

Most significant projects A§ National Audit Firm - Led an experience design initiative to understand what peopk do, how they work and
eR Aan SR A roe

Showed keadership where gaps existed and how to close those gaps to increase productivity and foster positive working relationships
across the organization.

Managed an innovative and creative team as we used a user-centric design approach to gain a greater understanding of the major audiences
represented, and developed a phan to effectively roll out a new service desk to the organization.

Managed client relationship and responsible for final deliverable delivery.

National Healthcare Insurer - Led the corporate commumications workstream

Executed strategic communications activities to support of awareness and adoption of the upcoming implementation.

Created dynamic communications, thinking outside the box to promote the benefits of the new system in addition to the impact to the
organization and its customers.

Conducted pulse checks and executive interviews to understand level of involvement and stakeholder engagerrent, making adjustments
Beal Pentchm Cer eatce

National Healthcare Insurer - Led an organizational change management assessment.

Met with executives and managers to understand organizational impacts of the upcoming change.

Provided a research-based analysis with recommended activities to support the upcoming multi-year roadmap.

Global Pharmaceutical Organization - Led the change management, communications, and project management work streams.

Developed a strategic change strategy coupled with a dynamic communications plan to target global audiences at various levels of maturity,
including the executive team.

Applied key messaging and organizational sponsorship to create awareness of the change and provide employees with resources to
understand why it was happening and the impact to them and the organization.

Leveraged surveys and in person interviews to take a pulse of the change, and made changes based on feedback.

02/2013 to 08/2015
Senior Consultant Company Name 1'/ City , State

Most significant projects.

National Healthcare Provider - PM for Time and Capability Assessment.

Created and executed an activity survey for 60+ employees.

Palo ect tocul Pn cioncucene cme renneReasiqneicy

Managed the project work plan and supporting activities.

Provided an analytical based recommendation for a business partner model transition.

Regional Healthcare Provider - Managed the development and impkerentation ofa strategic change management, communications, staffing,
and recruitment strategy for a re-organization under the CFO.

Supported the implementation for a Finance Business Partner Model throughout the organization with an aggressive transition timeline.
National Phanmecy - Change Managerrent and Communications Site Lead for the Mid-Atlantic States during a Pharmacy transformtion.
Planning, development, and managerent ofa comprehensive national communications strategy across the organization.

Supported the internal commumications team with ideas C.

Melnick Page 1 and execution for patient communications.

Quantified training impact and tracked completion for 5k+ employees.

Supported go-live activities including daily communications to company c-suite, executive leadership, and impacted users.

Regional Healthcare Provider - Change Management and Communications lead during an Epic implementation spanning 5 locations across
a regional health system

Supported executives, clinical staff, and physicians.

Created dynamic communications to promote engagement, awareness, and adoption.

Utilized metrics to understand readiness, impact, and adoption rates.

Organized unique training simulations to ensure everyone was ready and prepared for the new system on Day 1.

Global Pharmaceutical Organization - Training lead for global Workday implementation.

Created a training strategy capturing the needs of different cultures and maturity within the org.

Partnered with the global leaming team to transhte all mterials into 9 languages and created a global train the trainer program that was self

RrSpiaiies

03/2010 to 01/2013
HR Developrent Associate Company Name 1% City , State

BS Uy in wen 5 Snes Onn CONDOR OO ROOD ENOT ERT ae
