CONSULTANT

Summary

PC Technician, Security Analyst, and Security Services - Identity Management

Solutions-oriented with notable success in a broad range of corporate IT initiatives, while participating in planning and the implementation of policy
Pie inoat omc asenamuce ome lor sein enrcr ee

ercrinerictvoncees ota Roatine krone eieebrosces ie Pannven tenn usiiminkartalcaw{y

INOS OU ee OMS ae ecoiMace Tore eM entrolaN

Works with IT departrent staffand management to inform of processes and procedures and training as needed.A

Clearly understands the importance of SLA agreements and standards for all incidents and cases.

alg

Norra Tet Oa COR a Tue cR Tre aN SMALE. ORS C METER SiTR
iSeries IFS, iSeries Navigator, IBM Tivoli

Fruicirve theo Omi Onna wml iceeau ts)

Networking TCP/IP, SMS, WSUS, Ethemet, VPN, SecureID

Active Directory Users and Computers

Soke

Lotus Notes, LAN Manager, Sophos Virus Protection Utilities, WebSense, Norton
Lawson

Surveillix Central Station RSA

Authentication Manager, Citrix, Remedy, GWI Help Desk

Solutions, Unix Reflection Manager, Putty, Kana IQ Resource Manager, PC
Anywhere, NetOp, Telnet.

schivor anes
TOV nin am PU VALU UKE Gon science AON mci

Responsible for upgrading and replacing Windows XP PC's to Win7 OS for a +3000 employee company.

Creating and updating asset management for new and to be disposed of equipment.

Working with network team to ensure port closure and security.

Contacting and working with vendors and Project Managerent for best practices on upgrading machines and hospital equipment.

Senior contact person for Service Desk personnel on procedures and training Inventory and audits of clinics surrounding and hospital for
hardware and software and machines to be replaced Creating new procedures for company Service Desk employees and end users to
FO) AVE Combo Laece she eat cbeice animes Rese ullnneee NM INCRE ee) luis OSM ONB aterm ecinecce Rice ry
on software hardware changes Creating and editing user accounts in Active Directory Working with network group to ensure port closure
for security Contact/support person for Service Desk employees.

Faehosp ecm teunia ne MEU PEO BAU RGu enacts LOI

Front line support for 10,000 Wal-mart Stores and Sams Clubs worldwide.

Provide technical support for usability and critical site issues.

Front line support for down store situations working with development and specialty teams to restore connectivity to down ISP and
networking equipment.

Sora lnertr eee Omnia elena etn iaect eee ee ect aanee beam

PC Technician Il/Security Analyst , 08/1998 to 01/2010 Company Name i% City , State

Front line phone support for US and Mexico terminals, connecting remotely to correct PC software issues, installation of software.
Support and monitor the security log management environment and user account administration.

Monitor records and control changes in order to maintain network security.

Collaborate with system engineers and infrastructure team on solutions to mitigate risks and enhance system security.

Develop procedures and facilitate awareness training for management and employees.

Participate defining and implementing overall security strategy, policies and procedures.

Documenting security projects, task planning, research, testing and implementation.

Create and maintain company wide iSeries IFS authorization lists on files and or directories.

Create and maintain user accounts within the company including iSeries IFS authorization lists on files and directories.

Key member of creation and maintenance of 800 Active Directory accounts; iSeries profiles.

Help Desk and PC Technician , 08/1990 to 03/1998 Company Name it4 City , State

Involved in the setup and delivery of leased PC's in the Commodity area.

Provided consultation to users, by solving problems over the telephone or by generating Help Requests.

Provided customer support for Win95 and WNT 4.0.

Ability to identify and troubleshoot hardware and software.

Install and support hardware and software, including Lotus products, Microsoft products, Client Access and NetSoft , Internet, and
AutoCadLT.
