CONSULTANT
Summary

Friendly and enthusiastic [Job Title] with [Number] years of specialization in [Type of Restaurant]. Able to karn new tasks quickly and proficient
in growing key customer relationships. Represent establishment with friendly, professional demeanor at all tines.

Highlights
© Detai-oriented team player with strong Ieadership, advising, © Maintain excellent interpersonal communication, strategic and tactical
consulting and problem resolution skills. probkm solving skils.
© Offer valuable experience in sales and customer service, along *_ Excellence in Saksforce CRM, Microsoft Dynamics CRM and
Sil sneseeulnurtusmenelnnm calcHn ete Microsoft Office suite. Proficient in Adobe suite.
Accomplishments
PPecip Remco es ne nem Bb Ee nci msi raw AU ed
schivor anes

01/2015 - Current
Company Name i City , State Consultant

© to transform business operations and to achieve business goals through use of DNB tools and CRM integration.

© Planned and kd meetings with executives, delivered a variety of presentations for numerous initiatives ensuring program alignment with
(Or vealeRGlyLace

Transformed business operations and contributed over $8M in revenue by FY13Q2 to achieve business goals. Consultant to transform
business operations and to achieve business goals.

© Design, manage, and deploy complex, high-risk technical customer solutions from conception to production.

01/2011 - 012014
Company Name 14 City , State Senior Business Consultation Acquisitions

© New Business Acquisition and Consulting

Led 24 x7 operations amongst cross-finctional teams. Resolved more than 2,000 network disruptions during our 2012 contract, resulting
in decreased impact on customer revenues.

Presented weekly reports to client executives, supported and managed the client relationship across a dynamic, high intensity environment
with stringent SLAs while achieving timely implementation, adhering to budget constraints, and generating new business opportunities.
Acquisition of new customers through inbound calls and chats, probing questions and value add of product suite.

© Knowledgeable of full product suite from sales and marketing tools to financial services and custom API integration.

Hoover's, DNBi, FR,

01/2010 - 012011
Company Name i City , State Independent Agent

© Streamlined team operations and facilitated issue resolution to meet contract compliance metrics.

© Marketing AFLAC supplemental imsurance products through outside sales and networking to generate accounts.
* Accountable for servicing new and existing payroll accounts and policyholders, along with nominating recruits.

© Consistently meet new business goals for individual direct accounts, group payroll and employee direct accounts.

01/2009 - 01/2010
Company Name i City , State Account Executive

© Presented over 300 test cases to the State of Connecticut, which established realistic expectations of project deliverables thereby
strengthening the customer relationship while also achieving deadlines and exceeding targets.

© Sokl Search Engine Marketing and Optimization services to businesses through face to face or phone presentations.

© Responsible for generating leads, maintaining CRM data, acquiring and servicing new business accounts.

© Repeatedly exceeded monthly goals by generating high levels of new clients along with excellent retention rates.

01/2008 - 01/2009
Company Name i City , State Owner / Publisher

© Concurrently planned, executed and deployed 27 critical client projects within a 6-month period whik ako actively managing 100+ pipeline
feren gee) eace

© Developed and successfilly implemented a Concept to Production Life Cycle management enhancement solution.

© Oversee all facets of the publication including client relations, ad design, layout, distribution and pay processing.

* Took over entire business and turned around for print within two weeks by preserving and increasing advertisers.

¢ Created awareness in community and grew client base and relationships with thorough account management.

01/2007 - 01/2008
Company Name i City , State Sales and Marketing Director

© Exceeded customer expectations by clarifying project outcomes, summarizing HP's service performance data, and emphasizing benefits of
