CONSULTANT

Siena

A dynamic public relations professional with 15 years of experience in developing integrated communications and media relations programs that

drive executive eminence, thought leadership and brand awareness.

Shannan

© Superior media relations skills and a track record of generating
eesinwekeower Les Cac Ce

© Experience in providing counsel to senior executives.

© Strong background in integrated, multi-channel communications.
¢ Focus on buikding thought Ieadership programs that kad to

executive and brand eminence. o A A
Excellent writing skils; Brcad
¢ Background in developing social content and strategies that lead ' a i Ne a , at hor of ghost articles, executive speeches,
to stakehokder engagement. ylincs, blogs, video scripts.
PPA lin amen as cece conic eB Laeur coe
Technical Skills and Qualifications

Executive Positioning & Communications, Media Relations, Thought Leadership and Content Development, Executive Platform Developnent,
Ghostwriting, Social Strategy, Speakers’ Bureau.

Experience

eran MOU ALOT cco eng N LO EST

¢ Provide counsel on content strategy, product positioning and messaging, d evelop thought leadership content, co nduct media and message
training,
Senior Vice President 10/2015 to 01/2016 Company Name City , State

¢ Managed a team of 10 peopk, was responsible for evaluating, managing and optimizing team performance to drive top-quality client
aac

Group Vice President 05/2013 to 10/2015 Company Name City , State

© Led executive eminence and influencer/media relations programs for Deloitte Tax and Audit CEOs, Deloitte LLP Chairman and the Leader
(Sade RO UPON eccRS NL Cen

© Developed strategic thought leadership campaigns that reinforced executives' platforms and business goals.

© Developed a brand communications campaign for Deloitte Consulting and led media relations for Deloitte Human Capital and Deloitte

Strategy & Operations service lines.

Conceptualized and oversaw all aspects of the development and execution of Deloitte Consulting's inaugural "Deloitte Business Confidence"

Report, which received coverage in top-tier outlets, including CNBC and Forbes.

Developed a media strategy around Deloitte Consulting's acquisition of Banyan Branch, secured coverage in Ad Age, Ad Exchanger, and

the Financial Tines.

Successfitlly sold into the client, Deloitte Growth Enterprise Services, Deloitte's first-ever live-stream broadcast program, which was

nominated for SABRE’ B2B Professional Services Award in 2015.

Developed bylines, blog posts and social content for executives; secured byline placements in Huffington Post, Forbes, Fast Company,

among others.

Provided counsel to clients on social strategy and leveraged social channels to drive deeper engagement with stakchoMers; developed

Twitter chat strategy and managed chats with Deloitte Human Capital leaders.

Conducted media trainings with senior executives, provided counsel on handling print and broadcast interviews.

Vice President 07/2012 to 05/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Led the day-to-day managerrent of the Chase Cards and TIAA-CREF Institute accounts.
¢ Fomned strategic sponsored content and thought keadership partnerships.
© Managed junior members of the team to ensure timely and high-quality compktion of projects.

Global PR Manager 11/2009 to 07/2012 Company Name City , State

Developed executive eminence phitforms for top global executives, including the Global CEO, Global Chief Innovation Officer, Global
Financial Advisory Leader, as well as various industry leaders.

Handkd media relations efforts for Deloitte's Center for Cross-Border Investment, securing numerous top-tier broadcast interviews with
Fox Business News and CNBC for the Center's then-Chainman Robert Kimmitt (Fonmer Deputy Secretary of the Treasury).

¢ Managed external communications for various Deloitte's Global Industry programs; conducted proactive media outreach around Deloitte's
Global Economic Outlook, securing coverage in Reuters, The Financial Tires, The Intemational New York Times.

Developed executive briefing packages prior to media engagements and participated in executive briefings.

Worked with the regulatory group to develop a global external communications strategy in response to the Audit reform proposals in the
European Union.
