CONSULTANT

schivor anes

07/2011 - Current

Company Name i City , State Consultant

Developed new business for PARS in the govenmrental retirement plan marketplace whik buikling long-term relationships with school
district superintendents and chief business officials.

Exceeded revenue and gross profit goals at IKON as a Major Account Executive, selling over $1 million annually to the University of
acres

Executed the highest level of customer interaction specializing in strategic relationship building & solution selling.

MANAGEMENT / As part of the Managerrent teamat PARS, assisted in the development of company marketing strategies and future
products including national expansion.

As the only Major Account Executive and most experienced sales rep on the local IKON team, I coached and developed incoming sales
reps and lead our six person sales team

Engaged in leadership opportunities for the region including the Six Sigra program, the Business Development Manager apprenticeship, and
facilitating Developed new client relationships through fice-to-face meetings, conférence attendance, telephone calls, and other necessary
methods.

Management of the implementation of new plans ensuring that the consulting and administration staff have sufficient information to
successfully implerent the new plans.

© This process includes oversight and review of analysis, marketing materials, presentations, communication material, plan documentation and
Py aub hese

Consulted with clients to design appropriate and successful retirement plans based on the needs of the client and developed clear plan
summary knguage that commumicates the agreed upon phan to the client and PARS staff.

Made presentations to schoo! boards and commumity college boards to help clearly communicate the benefits of approving moving forward
with the PARS program.

Maintained ongoing client relationships to ensure the highest quality of service and determine current and future needs.

Collaborated with marketing staff to provide suggestions and help create updated PARS marketing materials.

Worked closely with senior managerment to assist in the development of the overall company-wide and focused marketing strategy based on
current economic, legislative and demographic developments of the target market and governmental retirement plan field.

01/2007 - 12/2009
Company Name i City , State Major Account Executive

© Dedicated to selected major accounts with the responsibility to increase market share.

Proactively developed new customer contacts, reviewed leads, participated in customers’ business communication planning, and successfully
worked with or ead diverse teams to formulate account strategy.

« Arranged for business analyses of customer's business communication requirements and developed benchmark demonstrations, proposals
and value propositions that exceeded customers’ requirements resulting in the development of new customers and retention of existing
accounts by applying a consultative approach to Fortune 1000 contacts/customers.

Organized and impkmented post-sale delivery and implementation of IKON solutions at custorrer locations.

Acted as primary point of contact for all sales paperwork.

Scheduled, coordinated, and conducted equipment demonstrations.

Maintained working knowledge of applications and features ofall lines and models of equipment and products sold.

Promoted products and represented company at off-site customer meetings and trade shows.

Demonstrated leadership with Business Development Manager apprenticeship and Mentorship program.

10/2005 - 122013
Company Name i City , State Chief Financial Officer/Owner

Impkmented strategic business objectives to grow startup to a profitable business.

Directed and advised Project Managers on all proposals and contracts including those regarding strategic relationships.

Designed and implemented an annual budget process that supported a 5-year business plan.

Responsibilities included all aspects of financial reporting and accounting, human resources & payroll, taxes, cash management, banking
relations, accounts payable, accounts receivable & billing, risk management & insurance.

Exceeded financial objectives by maximizing profits through achievements in finance managerent, cost reductions, and
productivity/efliciency improverments.

Collborated with managers to hire an effective staffand developed outside partnerships consisting of designers, photographers, engineers,
and legal counsel.

CREA iuntos Rebeca ucluem

PEE TPA
Company Name i City , State Account Executive

* Established and maintained relationships with prospective customers to improve document management.
¢ Analyzed and evaluated existing document process.
© Developed, presented, and implemented customized integrated solutions in a list managed territory.
