CONSTRUCTION CONSULTANT

Summary

To secure a project management position with a dynamic organization where I can be contribute to a teamand utilize my extensive leadership
orc Rona En Su LLMs COR eaneneciLOmuiiucesccnicaltomnelhlicmeenarl prams ey ||
corporate trainer, front of the house manager, kitchen manager, and bar manager. Experience in the organization culminated as a store owner and
oars

Experience

01/2011 to 01/2015

Construction Consultant Company Nan i City , State

© Supervised well site and location road construction, equipment procurement, and logistics.

Coordimted fitcilities construction and well production.

Consulted with project managers, vendors, and other departmental personnel to discuss and formulite estimates and resolve job site issues.
Obtained, organized, and analyzed multiple subcontractor quotes across varying trades by specifying materia, identifying qualified
subcontractors, and negotiating prices.

Supervised well site completions including: well site perforations, well site logging, and well site flow back.

Communicated with both internal and external project stakeholders to troubleshoot issues and determine appropriate resolutions.
(ero chialccmnmenarslas be cagemumralauccoeicubateonmcy camera ko cotees)l

Identified and documented issues and risks to offer realistic recommendations for alternatives to achieve desired company results.
Held and facilitated all daily JSA’s.

Consistently worked on multiple projects and issues with the ability to determine the severity ofan issue and escalate appropriately as
needed.

01/2010 to 01/2011
Prospective Owner Operator Company Name i City , State

© Oversaw all front of the house and back of the house hiring and training,

CES R sna e reap loe Me cubeetihadr< Rell cnAnlee con chicane euleln Biv anlmencnamscav acre nies coe}
a business averaging $100,000 in gross weekly saks.

© Managed all front of the house and back of the house inventory control and purchasing,

01/2007 to 01/2010
Assistant General Manager Company Name 1% City , State

CMA CHR cRontnekeen SAUL Cem Gan CrNmuetiel ESS ny
Ca WoecmecmecinchcmeclenerLente Riana sud aecbeteebauncrivecd lr KecMene mace nn st\ cl od
© Oversaw hiring, training, and scheduling ofall sixty front of the house employees.

sce est ayn)

1990

Business and Civil Engineering University of Tennessee is City Business and Civil Engineering Steve Knowles Kodiak Energy Consulting, LLC -
Meus caneek@roriueicy

NaS

budgets, budget, Consulting, customer service, driving, fast, hiring, inventory, inventory control, logging, logistics, materials, Microsoft Office Suite,
needs assessment, negotiating, personnel, procurement, project management, purchasing, quality assurance, safety, sales, scheduling, self-
motivated, managing suppliers, troubleshoot, verbal communication skill, excellent written
