CONSULTANT
Summary

Transitioning Military Professional eager to apply acquired skills to serve Aflac and the healthcare industry. Creates business partnerships and
builds trust with managers and employees to create a positive work environment through networking. Driven professional who effectively buikds
loyalty, long-term relationships and promoting the company’s brand.

schivor anes

RU Cer @tacans

LO Hio rae cla Nts Cea ON BESTT] Ce

© Tracked key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists.

© Screened 104 applicants based on their qualifications and background.

* Developed and facilitated job recruitment sessions.

© Tracked 28 candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill man-power and other variables.

© Coordinated meetings, developed meeting content and presented all information to potential candidates resulting in the acquisition of 11
Coverite ce

RU Cer @tacans
eRe hecaiCo a Geren LOIS MECH)

CU Oo re dcdmnsriiinnncemlodtn ontop viedm ere CMela Pcie eR ueice mea RM neeerS Orbe Ne
© Supported the development of diving operations staff to meet competency and performance expectations.

© Conducted weekly training activities with effective communication and leadership.

Ce dry cc Unnumnene nmi Roornic en mOrinlaekentveckinltqulenolel Pee ranenval

04/2012 to 03/2016

Field Operations Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Trained and promoted continued education for all 20 members.

Offered technical assistance to support operations and training.

Conducted routine quality audits to ensure that records and policies adhered to specifications and initiated corrective actions.
Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all diving personnel.

Education and Training

vr)

Bachelor of Science : Health Sciences Southem New Hampshire University is City , State Health Sciences

als

Business correspondence, coaching, consultation, content, contracts, Customer service, direction, Employee training, Team building, leadership,
Ineetings, mentoring, Natural, personnel, policies, quality, Quality assurance, recruitment, staff development, technical assistance
