CONSULTANT
[Osheue Oona ang

Macintosh Expert with 20 years in technical and customer support roles. Experience in back-end programming, relational databases and
development/mintenance of complex and critical systems. Wireless system design for Point-To-Point networks.

Qualifications
© Appk Certified Technical Coordimtor 5 5 5
* . Technical help desk experience
© Appk Certified Support Professional .
© Appk Certified Associate Mac Integration : Meaiieuniauniunetial ad
Pen teen caso be asice tt awa ran nae 7
© Appk Certified Macintosh Technician nN ene ae er
© Certified Alvarion System Specialist eibiaaais aed

als

Apple Support: Apple Workstations, Apple Servers, iPad, iPhone, Mobile Device Management, Apple Remote Desktop, XSAN.
Network Support: Open Directory, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, VOIP, VPN, AFP, SMB, FTP, NFS, SAN, HTML, PHP, Alvarion, Ubiquiti.
Software Support: Filemaker Pro, Filemaker Server, MS Office Suite, Adobe Suite, Final Cut Pro, Maya.

Aug oanan at acs
Consultant
January 2004 to October 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Worked with clients nationwide to analyze computing and network needs and install appropriate solutions within each organization's budget.
Served as database administrator for Filemaker, and Filemaker Server running on various operating systems. Troubleshot and resolved internet
connectivity and general software and hardware issues for Macintosh and Windows client and server machines. Installed wired and wireless
networks including Point-To-Point wireless and communication towers. Installation and support of various homme automation and control systerrs.
Tnstalled and configured network camera systems for on site and remote monitoring, Managed user account and permissions on file servers.
Managed calendar, ermal, file sharing, backup, DHCP, DNS, VPN, FTP and web hosting on various servers. Installed and maintained accounting
solutions. Monitored network traffic and systems to ensure uptime. Designed custom database solutions to meet clients needs. Troubleshot routing
and switching issues with various wired an wireless networks. Installed network backup systems for clients using disk based and tape libraries.
Installed and configured XSAN network.

IT Director
August 2009 to August 2012 Company Name if City , State

TT director for Organic farm Network support for mixed network of Macintosh and Windows clients. Wireless Point-to-Point design and
installation. Fiermaker development and support. Web design with shopping cart installation. Daily maintenance of Macintosh workstations and
Servers. Maintained daily backups to RAID system Troubleshot user permission issues with workstations and storage area. Installed network
cabling, managed switches and routers. Network traflic analysis to improve network performance and reliability. Installed VOIP system allowing
inter-office communication while reducing total cost of service. Installed and maintained web based help desk ticketing system to track user
Reta LecP Tes B pee UE ICN

Macintosh Support Specialist
May 2000 to May 2004 Company Name 4 City , State

Maintained network of 100+ Macintosh and Windows clients. Software support for creative print, video, and 3D applications. Installed render
farm for 3D rendering, Designed and installed Digital Asset Managerrent solution for design tears allowing users network access to digital media.
Daily system maintenance for Apple workstations and servers to support Audio/Video/3D clients. Managed and monitored storage usage for
video capture. Managed backup and archive system using both disk based and tape libraries. Troubleshot windows desktop and server
connection and storage issues. Active Directory integration. Traveled with proposal teams to various locations to provide Audio/Video and
network support during presentations. Installed network cabk, rack mounted routers, switches, KVM, servers, RAID storage, tape libraries, and
Digital Asset Management storage solutions.

Bier aN auriciag
September 1999 to May 2000 Company Name 1% City , State

Established and maintained contacts with corporate customers. Designed new company website. Installed new Point Of Sale system Designed
and installed web based shopping cart system Installed network cables, switches and routers. Troubleshot network connection and wireless
network issues. Installed and upgraded workstations and servers. Sales of computer and network systems and software.

Business Center Manager
January 1999 to December 1999 Company Name 1% City , State

Created marketing plans. Managerrent of store employees including scheduling, payroll, sales and training. Responsible for the business aspects of
