CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

AUDIT DIRECTOR Extensive experience in developing and redesigning intemal audit departments, domestically and internationally in 19
countries, Results include upgraded internal controls, effective SOX 404 management, strong compliance management and an increase in
organizational focus on solid internal controls and risks and Best Practices. Enjoy directing Internal Audit as a personal passion. Strengths include:
Extensive Executive Skills Designer of Audit Programs SEC Compliance Strong Analytical Skills Focus on Ethics Management Prioritize Audits
aria Vr occu clei MMoeRoeAecp ern nC aay oc

Core Qualifications

SAP, Microsoft Office Suite: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Outlook, Navision and a variety of other corporate specific
finance and accounting software involving IBM, HP and Dell operations

Experience

Consultant

Riera PARA aN Teh LOSES

Pee Yol om succes ecceteemicaralconi) konisniieavann ed Perce bone vce tel Oke
© and Canada.

Pe et een coa bs Ginna Obreai meee Nraia oiiuarance

¢ Emphasize quality and creative service.

Director of Internal Audit

January 2008 to January 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

Fourth largest producer of carbonated beverages in U.S.

with saks of S600M.

Reported to Board of Directors and Senior Vice President.

Wola cee ices PaeleBoelnanenekeoueracebiesnas Meslins) meee Rdnceltees Eire
Developed and monitored internal controls across the fim.

Developed new audit programs and policies and procedures which improved intemal controls.
Misi Erb ustrtsce bese uirecn ine UB ORE senNc seca. Gea lod

or cdiet earths rectlicn

Left as the result of'a corporate restructuring that affected Intemal Audit.

Director of Internal Audit
January 2006 to January 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

Large privately-owned installer of residential and commercial insulation with sales of $500M.

© Managed department and conducted annual and quarterly risk reviews and audits.

¢ Directed and conducted internal audits at 61 locations and corporate headquarters fimctions.

See elec eng oculeck ne cah aguesiuanrolecn Ee lcd guatectou enero araserm
¢ Audited businesses and updated financial reporting when possibk.

CEE Noe ceeieelimineiucee Ons e108

Se eck aeRO ec Nocona Om lea ae om OM usnenecmteekoiinet eked irae ee

Manager of Internal Audit
January 2004 to January 2006 Company Name ¥% City , State

Global developer and manufacturer of tool solutions with sales of S3B.

Managed Internal Audit.

Reviewed Sarbanes Oxley 404 and served as Sarbanes Oxky lnison to all auditees.

eeu b ie Laurin cai ena brang We ecabed Mad agar cabin praucee Rus ec obes gos] oe
Pld ecBieibes bec e kets neces ance

Created new office environment without expense.

Leff as the result of Snap-On issuing a 100% outsourcing to a Big 4 firmand loss ofjobs for 10 employees.

Manager of Internal Audit
January 2003 to January 2004 Company Name 1% City , State

Manufacturer of paper products with sales of $1B.

Managed internal audits at all U.S.

phnts and corporate headquarters.

Redesigned audit reports which provided more clarification of controls, issues and resolutions.
Conducted audits with Sarbanes Oxley 404 reporting in mind.

re eco Rcoue eB cag lMcelECB ienele Rocio

Departure allowed me to find an audit position that was closer to my ill Father who lived near Chicago.
