CONSULTANT
Executive Profile

Visionary Operations Executive with solid experience managing all levels of multiple projects including budgeting and administration.
als

Multiple Facility Management and Oversight

ASC Administrator Mentoring, Training and Development
ata Owe a Alsat ats

Vendor Negotiations

seihe ewe @ elton me Pats nicy

Diverse Market and Industry Knowledge

Process improvement, QAPI Program Support
FXeuetnice ie wig pcitsi Lely

Payer Contracting Negotiations

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
Created employee education module for "Customer Service in the ASC Environment"

© 30 Minute Power Point Presentation for all ASC employee to understand the complexities of the "Customers" that are involved in the
FaTulihiecae) este Om

© Wellreceived by the staffand recommended to be adopted enterprise wide.

© Board of Managers noted a distinct change in employee's demeanor after training module.

Mentored multiple new and prospective Administrators

© Trained prospective Administrator's in different aspects of ASC Operations.
* Referred to various organizations and reference mnteriab.

Created Revenue Cycle in ASC program to increase collections

* Identified the key "Roles" required in a successful revenue cycle strategy
© Trained all staff merbers in proper practices in the Business Office

CEO eec By ated eRe erie minis ai eone orally

© Successfillly collected 100% of goal, sixteen consecutive quarters.

Professional Experience
CQ SNC eee OROC cae NaN En LO NMC

Owner of healthcare practice management, consulting and recruiting business.

Helped clients establish new practices.

Set up billing systems, charting systems, Human Resource manuals and OSHA manuak.

Set up mini OR, for IVF egg retrievals to be performed.

Provided management to physician offices, provided consultation services to practices regarding, accounts receivable analysis, accounts
payable, physician billing, coding, scheduling, billing software, recruitment, computer hardware, and other important aspects to running
medical practice.

Director of Surgical Services / ASC Administrator , 06/2009 to 11/2012 Company Name 14 City , State

Marketed facility to prospective surgeons, increasing case volumes 40%,

Reduced expenses including salaries, wages and benefits by 25%.

Worked to increase staff morale by interacting with and participating in all departrents.
Participated in investor relations by contacting all on a regular basis.

Oi clebravra@nemcaa em Nea Ree i etbeliceossnTcnce

Mentored Materials Manager in areas of business as he prepared for his BA in Business.

Set up new accounting system from scratch after transition from Management Company.

Prepared all financial reports for the center.

Participated in all Board meetings, developed agendas and reports for Board Review and approval.
Worked with new Information Technology Support person to implement new IT policies and procedures after separation from Management
(Orel

Negotiated agreements with vendors for capital equipment expenditures and supplies.
