CONSULTANT

Professional Profile

Consultant/System Engineer with 6 years in HealthCare IT. Primary focus has been on Linux witha recent emphasis on Regulatory Consulting and
Transition of Care. Experienced in training and development of associates along with development of documentation.

Qualifications
© Working independently CE Coltri)
© Training progaminpknentation © Systemadministration
© Quality control ¢ UNIXsystem performance monitoring
Process improvement © Technical writing
© System testing © Unix/Linux environments

Relevant Experience

OMe anid MECMre on enc acid aM cpa nacatan le cTrm Went eect Grid
teamas well as others, weeks of build time and has allowed for a more standardized process.

Experience

Consultant 08/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

PON ep non een Ronee hae an anne evict accent eR Ona ncm cl ha Prone ceo nlnerarane
Ensures appropriate resources are allocated and maintained to facilitate successfull compktion of projects, which includes working with
yey eaa Vr cOBUEl Race aAurnincgOyeduzal cee Okorined yie)(eue urna

Multi-tasks the delivery ofseveral project initiatives designed to enhance the services and kvel of support provided to the client.

Plans and arranges the project deliverables in alignment with the expectations of the client and the business need to ensure that the client will
successfully be able to meet Meaningful Use measures.

¢ Conduct on-site client workshops and client summits as needed and determined by the hospital systems.

Manage Provider and hospital data through various tools including DiscemVisualDeveloper, HNAuser, and Bedrock Build hundreds of
tuks and pools for Direct and Transition of Care for clients.

Create and maintain build guides and team collateral to use for fiture client and new hire training.

Build guides and workflows were also used to partner with an internal autormtion team to streamline our processes.

¢ Works with the hospital systems and designated HIM staffon how to maintain systems once we begin to disengage from the product.

SYSTEM ENGINEER - Health Sentry 02/2013 to 08/2015 Company Name City , State

Backend support on production servers of extracted data on Linux systems including investigation of corrupt data, creating SSH keys,
extracting data fromclient database, managing disk space and troubleshooting,

Front end work on production servers by maintaining OpsJobs and troubleshooting any operation failures,

Offen working with the client to teach the ongomg maintenance of the OpsJob.

Effectively communicate project status reports both internally as well as to the client through weekly meetings and calls.

Create various macros and spreadsheets for quality assurance checking Create and rm numerous SQL queries.

Manage and monitor the FTP, PHINMS and VPN connections on a daily basis to provide a proactive approach to catching any issues.
Use custom CCL scripts to modify the format of HL7 messages.

Create and provide appropriate workflow documentation for clients to support the system and setup during the testing processes.
Adhere to applicable client access, client notification, and change managerrent policies and procedures.

Work with other Engineers to alleviate problems with data extracts.

SYSTEM ENGINEER 06/2012 to 02/2013 Company Name City , State

Assist HR teams with designing and impkmenting solutions Rebuilt a custom tool for Events Planning team using Microsoft Access.

Put together documentation for implemented changes Assist with PeopkSoft, Data Archive Manager, and Tako resume parsing project
loo asus ices echo le ea ccumiut cond lec omrnconnieppocginerselibenpivelleb ci ce

Se R ulate ecined par mee tar cnenclU ey ROL ene ROR ere ince te ceon clone

SYSTEM ENGINEER - Project Implementation 05/2010 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

CermerWorks Project Implementation Backend support of servers operating on Linux, AIX, HP-UX, and occasional VMS systems.
Support service pack installation and continued maintenance of solutions, and infrastructure.

Identify where applications are having performance/reliability issues; analyzes and formuhte a proposed method to correct issues.
Verena eho i osioneemerackannuenena ee ereissieerarenenvieyniyan a

Work through a queue of Service Requests to resolve issues the client reported or that other internal teams encountered.
Worked with other internal architects to resolve more complicated issues.

Manage end user access and privikeges including group 0 access, creation of user profiles, and custom lists.

Support the maintenance of specific clients and their servers/application needs including affer-hours work.

BuiXd various servers including Websphere, RRD, Chart and Citrix Servers.

Coordinate with client for the testing of environment functionality as well as service pack installs and the subsequent downtimes.
Compkted numerous service package installs for non-production clients and for testing partners.

Maintain long-term support and management; troubleshoot and resolve issues daily.
