MANAGING CONSULTANT
Riterarsag
Highly accomplished Management Consultant / Senior Business Analyst with a verifiable track record of managing compkx strategy projects and
exceeding client expectations. Demonstrated skills in business process management and process redesign, specializing in the end-to-end business
UCR aaa ond me Cec cen nba Hour lominnn sd ananciomegeyemicltor bens erica eel elie
Un iene Ba ilee sl Rear Cec Msi CPN ES ONE SLL onCe OB nace cre haluisgstre bcos Pocket mec icey ed
interpersonal skills, highly adept at managing broad stakeholder commumities and supporting the development of cohesive strategic visions across

Cela oe cb
Skills
¢ Business Process Improvement & Redesign © Project management
Cr atulopceit et) Caps asia
° SDLC © Biockchain
© Business Transformation © Robotic Process Automation
Cay (e).N ¢ Strong analytical skills
Experience

Managing Consultant 11/2003 to Current Company Name City , State

Currently a Managing Consultant in the Customer Engagement & Design practice of IBM Global Business Services, US Federal, witha focus on
Cognitive Process Transformtion.

Fc
OD ee eR Ee Lad

12g
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) - Application Development Support
BUM

As the BPM Lead, responsibk for the development, maintenance, and delivery ofa portfolio of custom applications built on IBM's BPM
CO rreboy alter!

© These custom BPM applications replaced manual processes, improved efficiencies, and provided audit capabilities across SAMHSA.

BIW lest cect an Paul en tooo baa CCN IR RCO UN VOM CULE Eg SATU. ORM LO Ng snes eae ane oT.
grooming, and sprint reviews/demos, in addition to daily stand up meetings.

1

a€« IBM CHQ Office of CIO - Next Generation Tooling Initiative
Hc

© Led the design, development, and implementation ofa custom BPM 8.5.7 enabled, cloud based, automated solution to facilitate a single
trusted source of application to server hosting information across the global IBM enterprise.

¢ Facilitated the documentation and analysis of as-is and to-be deployment processes across multiple IBM Geos.

© Solution was awarded best of breed by PwC during compliance review

Eg

POLI Be eM CHET UA USO EB uu TAY HlMtonanasli iE

¢ Leda Project Management Maturity Assessment in order to define the strategy and operationalize project management disciplines required
okeso lew w\y Om

Led the requirements definition phase for the development ofa custom program managenent application, mcorporating project health,
executive dashboards and reporting.

¢ Facilitated demonstrations of the application to key FHFA executives, including agency CIO and deputy director.

Ekg

United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) - USCIS Transformation

Peas P ce VBS Wey iornee Nee tica ence iM Cec eH aM rlomichs eeteant oer eRe elshy ached
solution architect responsible for the successful development and implementation of the Ekctronic Immigration System (ELIS).

CRBS reel teh iake que OL eneRCIE LS eteInincle CMe lane eoedMecim ucla cecmnekeoi wares bycoseccad nee (olligea te inertness
product tearrs in order to document and implement targeted "to-be"" state.

© Led teamresponsible for tooling integration, configuration management, and management of multiple requirements baselines.

¢ Managed the integration between multiple IBM Rationale products including ensured integration with related IBM products (e.g, Rational
