SR. CONSULTANT
beeliecreral RSTn risa

A dedicated, versatile, and results-driven professional with 20+ years of IT experience. A proven track record with ability to work well with
others to achieve common goals, resolve conflicts, and manage extemal relationships. Demonstrates leadership skills by a track record of
achievements and contributing to a positive work environment whik motivating others to accomplish goals themselves. Highly self-motivated, self:
Cie eRe Elon nak cole olina oka cu lagen eaieni Reed chit Cae g rect anual me nig laraecm ney aca iE
Reena eenkee en Mcann cna ar AOR a crm TEEN) Omen iLem ne catanom Bris) amea rome cas toe
Outstanding project and program keader; able to coordinate and oversee all phases of project-based efforts. Strong analytical and decision making
skills.

Core Qualifications
© Hardware: BM Rx &

Software/Application: MVS Sysplex Environment, TSO, ISPF, JCL, JES2, SDSF, IMS, DB2, Ops/MVS, Se

ona ena em CSCC aS n Morente ne Ronn cts vee
CICS, Strobe, RMF, SMS, Unix, Java Scripts, Windows 9x/NT, Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, mn > arn
OneNote, Powerpoint, and Project), Unix, SUN, Solaris, SNMP, IBM/ALX, Tivoli, TSM, CA-1, CA-7, ete fl =.

Autosys, ESP, CA-DE, Contro+-M, Contro- EM, Zeke, Zebb, Zack, Jobtrac, Scheduler, Candle Monitor

, , oe DASD, AS/400,
Workstation, Robot Scheduler, Netview, XPTR, Java Scripting, TCP/IP Seen
Experience
Sr. Consultant

June 2015 to November 2015 Company Name - City , State

* Part ofa teamspecializing and applying solutions for Workload Automation needs.

* Proactively recognized and assessed problematic areas and applied 'best practices’ solutions when needed

© Created and modified application scheduks in the Workload Automation product for the Application Development Team Setup and
executed quality testing for all environments

Pero ceRchmmenRednnarcluent rua yard clipe eRe B aconean eres ecCh nih)

CONIC HN Ge SInict
Rion oA Paver PAU) ee @oer takin OLN TC!

Part of the Professional Services team both for M/F and Open Systers.

Created, debugged and modified complex job schedules using CA Workload Autormtion in different platforms.

Focused on meeting deadlines while practicing customer service.

Communicated effectively with all levels of management whik providing the progression with the impkenentation.

Strong analytical background to determine and make the right decision in quick and timely manner.

Experience included a range of initiatives in pre-sales, sales, post-saks, plaming, analysis, and implementation of solutions.
Promoted effective coordination as a liaison between with all business units

Effectively instructed training sessions for the customers

Demonstrated documentation skills in processes, test and implementation plans, and traning outlines

Utilized CA Services Best Practices to accurately and efficiently implement products within the client environment

Serve as a Subject Matter Expert in the products to help resolve complex and technical issues that came from product implementation
andor product fimctionality

Data Center Team Lead
PU PAU Ubon on namie Gun seh elie ONAN CTC)

¢ Managed, coached, mentored, and led a team of direct reports which oversaw the data center operations from the daily batch processing
Bierman mea Camnee ond a Cchem eC nsn enone enclallinge el binaters katt diene og
the Office Depot stores worldwide.

Verified all escalation was handled properly ifcrisis arose.

Made sure the team was focused on customer satisfaction.

Able to spot trends and applied preventative policies and procedures.

Oversaw the batch cycles which included fiulfilling a role to implement projects and enhancing processes

Demonstrated ability to apply IT in solving business problems

Defined and commumicated project milestones, service kvel agreements, and resources

Wrote and issued employee appraisals, setup work schedules, developed daily and weekly reporting, and involved in empowering
employees

Accounted for overall system performance (mainframe and AS/400), maximizing resources to enhance batch workload and CPU resources
Accountabk for all the networking and POS systems at the Office Depot retail stores

PATE Gon cum ong kern eee
Novenber 1990 to April 2000 Company Nant - City , State
