PRINCIPAL CONSULTANT
Summary
Supply Chain and Logistics & management professional with traditional supply chain and transformation experience. Developed & supported
evaluation of key process fictions such as strategy & business planning, category management, strategic sourcing, contractor lifecycle
Imnagerent, vendor risk management, SRM, purchase to pay and spend analytics. Managed strategy execution, organizational redesign, strategic
CoMsrcirarenrennti achat um centri cross cerikaliai a: cow.
Nails

¢ Organization

© Phnning & Prioritizng

¢ Flexible Thinker

¢ Nota destroyer of value

Experience
06/2013 to Current

Tspeek ha CT ARCOLO RAI Cat ene RCG Om stat anal wer emiedin aero len mcoay ecu albine beled) Cariaiad sey
processing equipment ofall types such as cryogenic, amine systems, high pressure separators and refrigeration systems.

06/2006 to 09/2013

Strategic Sourcing Manager Company Name i City , State

Monitor performance ofsupplicrs and apply appropriate methodology to ensure expected contractual outcomes.

Establish governance, processes, escalation and controls to ensure well managed and healthy partnerships.

Investigate and propose solutions to remedy supplier non-performance situations.

Assess and anticipate changing business requirements and recommend changes to supply chain processes, tools and systens.
Build comprehensive category strategies utilizing market intelligence, dermnd managenent, sustainability, supplier diversity, quality, and total
cost of ownership and align it to stakeholder goals and strategies.

Drive value through demand management utilizing spend analytics.

Prepares and oversee the execution of short and long term supplier diversity strategies, objectives, and action plans.

Pa erica ere ORNH Raoul enn LatUnnlno ne nM nat ece eRe nee

Facilitate critical quarterly business reviews, bringing key suppliers together to drive joint feedback and continuous improvernent activities
recom Lake Onen me sinieynanana

Develop and measure benchmarks on cost utilization of assigned categories employing industry best practices.

Manage the supplier base by contracting new suppliers as needed and working to strengthen current supplier relationships.
Buikd and employ stakeholder mapping to manage stakehoKers and build relationships.

Identify non-compliance to contracts, conduct root cause analysis, and resolve issues.

Create and apply market intelligence for key commodities to drive category strategies and communicate with stakeholders.
Develop and deliver supplier rationalization targets to reduce supplier base.

Buik comprehensive cost models to drive better understanding and results with supplier negotiations.

PAUMem Ease ecolnceinebecniCe Ova Le eS Em

Poo meoeca ose Reels epoca tense eRe esl ce

Collaborate with legal staff to review and enhance the contract process.

Develop and mentor staff to support company growth.

Responsibke for direct management of the team including budgets, staffing issues, resource allocation and vendor relationships.
Conduct employee performance reviews, coaching and mentoring and career development.

Promotes work force diversity and employee safety.

12/1981 to 06/2000
TransportationLogistics Planner Company Name 1 City , State

Coordimted the logistics tasks of material ftom suppliers in the U.S.

obsrire Patria

Ensured that all project material was received and properly packed.

SrohecRlieg cuss ar koe et Rcrca ene OR chet a eeraroem ero eeerinicboca ice Roteotcrecoltanmirctnesy
including rail, boat, ground or air transportation using the provider's software systems to manage material tracking and assist with planning
Bipebvopoe Nig

Assisted in obtaining necessary transportation permits for inbound and outbound cargo, as required to facilitate timely logistics processing,
Coded, and prepared proper paperwork for method of shipment.

DictwccR sor Roe vecmanesmiaetreksiealsislunam lose eiuca Oe eenaran gic ucsces

Planned the transportation route and payload, selecting the mode of transportation, tendering the order for transportation, and tracking the
shipment from pick up through delivery, while maintaining cost compliance, freight savings, and adherence to service and contractual
requirements.

Consolidated fragmented loads to achieve freight savings while complying with service and contractual requirements.

¢ Initiated overcharge/undercharge freight bill cims with carriers and tracked reconciliation of the same per regulatory standards, Prepared
