WMS CONSULTANT
Obdjective

Looking for the position ofa supply chain consultant, where I can optimize a company's business, by providing supply chain solutions and building
PiKaipe aneurin ema sibel en

Sumnnry of Skils

Strong understanding of supply chain principles with an expertise in warehouse management.

Functional knowledge in the end to end warehouse systems with an experience in Manhattan Associates’ Warehouse Systems.
KU amr coine cee Neer nan R eG Ue nres TERN ilcat sccm

Excellent knowledge in software development life cycle with an emphasis in analysis and testing.

Ability to clearly define and execute test plans and procedures.

Ability to meet deadlines and deliver projects on time.

Strong analytical and problem solving skills.

Hands on experience in troubleshooting computer hardware peripherab.

Aug oanan at acs
Company Name City, State WMS Consultant 05/2015 to Current

(8 elor i Cee GutecS Om eet epoue TecelecG USN CUBLCSCe

Verified ASNs after parsing multiple ASNs using XML format.

Created Inbound and Outbound License Plate Numbers.(LPN/oLPN).

Configured and Tested System directed and manual put-away.

Configured the inventory to move an item from one active location to the another; one active location to a reserve.
Configured Wave Mamgement, Task Management, Locations, Wave Process Types and Inventory Need Types.
Tested partial shipment and RF receive menu.

Tested the PIX transaction to keep track of Inventory Movement.

Worked on back-end testing of the databases by writing SQL Queries to join the tables, verify the data, etc.

Environment: Manhattan Associates WMOS 2013, SQL Server 11.02 A

Client: Li&Fung(2013) A

Company Name City , State Quality Assurance Engineer 11/2014 to 05/2015

Performed necessary software and hardware evaluations as per the client's requirements.

Designed and modified user interfaces to accommodate new verticals.

Assisted engineers by troubleshooting and configuring LANs, switches, routers and firewalls.

Modified and tested prototype using working models for computer simulation.

Documented and reported bugs to the developers.

Sittetn il Cecio Beneiis erates mcm leet ebre@iadneccna

Worked with other engineering disciplines to evaluate interface between hardware and software and analyze the operational and
asouiapacmieehuon ence gnarl es ottce

Worked towards customer satisfaction and overall sales by analyzing and correcting internal software and other customer problerrs.
© Performed site surveys, commissioned and installed hardware equipment at the client's site.

Company Name City , State Junior PeopleSoft Developer 06/2014 to 11/2014

© Impkmented web based applications using Orack’'s PeopleSoft technology for internal projects in the company.

* Worked on Orack's PeopleSoft Supply Chain Module (SCM) to impkerent customer order, inventory and filfillment managerent.
© Used PeopkTools to develop an order managerrent portal and implemented business logics for the order management system

* Worked on relational databases by querying relevant data and optimizing performance through normalization.

© Worked on the eight steps of PeopleSoft application development with emphasis on design and creating page definitions.

© Involved in various aspects of software development and generated reports using PeopleSoft's Structured Query Report (SQR).

Environment : Orack PeopkTools 8.46, Oracle Database Express 11g,

Company Name City , State Senior Technology Consultant 01/2012 to 05/2014

¢ Assisted users with hardware and software issues using the university's Lab resources.
© Monitored and managed computer lbs at the University of Florida.
* Assisted Professors in setting up the lab for exams, practical experiments.
