ENGINEERING CONSULTANT

Professional Summary

To deliver value in a professional position in the oil and gas industry that utilizes my attributes and unique skillset. Long standing track record of
outperforming managerment?s goals and milestones while reducing time, costs, and minimizing non-productive time. Incorporate both analytical and
creative skills to visualize ideas, and find solutions and proactively avoid problems. In depth understanding of how mechanics and tools can be
utilized for optimized fimctionality, economics, and safety, from experience on marginally productive plays where lowered and predictable costs
were a key driver. Meticulous with invoices to ensure costs are accurate and what was agreed upon. Developed in-depth analytical and
mechanical problem solving skills through years of field experience, comprehensive discussions with vendors, and leaming/listening to those with
more experience. Wealth of knowledge about timelines, workflows, costs, effective troubleshooting, and seamlessly integrating fickl and office
personnel into a unified team from righand experience and field engineering experience. Continuously consider HSE and regulatory facets and how
to implement them without unduly disturbing operations, when possible.

Accomplishments

Developed Unit?s drilling program in this area.

0 To date, Drilled Unit?s longest ateral (6,8919), fastest GW well (17.54 days spud to TD), and only 8.75.

iar

Cleveland Phy: o Developed Unit?s drilling program in this area.

SOHOT Phy (Grady County, OK): 0 Developed Unit?s drilling program in this area.

CPB lec ROneeprCcrmy certboR Wo ROK h@ ERR M Chest Ca oM eB) y

Regularly put in charge of developing the drilling programs in Unit?s new core phys and drillng one-off and two-off wells.

Proficient in Wellview reporting software.

Directed increased expectations and new standardization for reporting requirements in the field and office across drillmg, completions, and
Feces Lene U LeU ace

Worked closely with the Wellview Master User to make appropriate changes.

Field Engineer (and continued Drilling and Completions Engineer), Unit Corporation, Tulsa, OK Sep 2008 " Mar 2011 Unit?s field
representative (completion/fiac consultant) to prepare for frac jobs, flowback, and putting on pipeline to handover to the Production group.
Relief pumped a route in Westem Okbhomm for eight months.

Pula ins clomOm a erence ice aaa erarocrccs Relies nun camtbew en

Safely and efficiently P&Ad 80+ wells over including one in the middle (literally) of the Washita River, encompassing all regulatory
requirements, bidding and awarding work, overseeing operations, selling/transférring/disposing of reclaimed tubulars and surface equipment,
location reclamation, and making good on surface owner relationships Worked with surface owners to access property to stake wells,
resolve ROW concerns, and settle surface darmges " liaison between surface owners and Unit?s Landmen.

Designed, bid, and awarded dirt work and confirmed final location was built as expected and suitable for the drilling rig.

Drillmg and Completions Engineer, Unit Corporation, Tulsa, OK June 2007 " Sep 2008 Designed compktion procedures for the wells I
drilled (perf intervak, acidizing, frac job, etc).

Work closely with Production Foreman to ensure optimal communication between field and office.

Communicate closely with drilling consultants to confirm office and field are on the sare page.

When probknvs occur, drove to rig site to be Unit?s onsite representative.

Worked with team to confirm well was drilled and completed in a manner that maximized benefits to long term project goak.

Intern, Unit Corporation, Tulsa, OK Sep 2005 " June 2007 Handled all regulatory paperwork and ensured compliance for the drilling and
(eon yatekeruilca xs

Helped gather preliminary offSet data for drilling engineers through a variety of software packages and resources.

Prepared/requested bids for mud programs, cement program, directional, etc.

Aiinreceatrn moe CCU ena Rat uibedhe

Heavily involved in implementing Wellview software across Unit?s drilling department (field and office) and setting up custom reports to
match Unit?s reporting requirements.

Wrote training manual for drilling consultants.

Trained Completion and Production Engineers as requested.

Derrickhand, Nabors Drilling, CO Dec 1999 " Apr 2003 Cakculated/measured mud properties and adjusted chemical additives accordingly.
Repaired, maintained, and supervised mud pumps.

and other solids control equipment operational status.

Assisted driller and too! pusher in daily operations of drilling rig.

Helped coordinate work efforts of three subordinate employees.

schivor anes
Engineering Consultant
AT PAU RRR Ot cra Gon snarl atROL NmmsiraiCc)
© Fulfilling a variety of engineering needs for clients " reservoir engineering, acquisitions & divestitures, company/prospect valuations,
production engineering, drillng engineering, data compiling and ?clean-up.
services, etc.
* o Using a diverse assortment of software packages " ARIES, Powertook, Petra, HIS Enerdeq, Drilling Info, Wellview, etc.

Staff Production Engineer
February 2015 to July 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Widen dd eects nee ald nee Dnceectnce re eall ant afd dad ee dile Len Dialncenes fneeenn be dan MAL need Tanke alancend eee then LeMien nteeentinen need nbennsere
