CONSULTANT

Summary .

I consider myself to be a charistmatic and persuasive Marketing ManagerA offering expertise in property management, public speaking, advertising
and media relations. My superb writing and speaking skills allows me to communicate effectively with target audiences through strategic brand
management and PR campaigns. I am tech-savvy and confident with three years of marketing and public relations experience. Team structure and
leadership is very important to me and I thrive in fast-paced enviroments. My personality is very driven and service-oriented and I enjoy helping
CC AOU Chieti be PEL DM Pen LOR ie Ren cant aT boo com itoon scunetscctelinceed|
Reyetent nn aN

be hrania tia
© Customer service-focused COUR Ccnt Nay
Project managenent © Microsoft office
See cee i. are
er SE calla a OB renogoventen
CBD cater be nianc cag

Accomplishments

Tny time with my current position, I have advanced very quickly and have been ee cel om lncbrcngcosicermceiatcrancelial ig
property has met. I have been nominated at many different times throughout my 3 years in Marketing and ked our property to be eee
Property of the Year. In 2015, our property succeeded with a 3.7% increase in NOI over 2014 and 2016 is predicted to exceed 2015.A

Tam very experienced with studying the market and making that Bc on optimizing rents. Since 2014, I have aided in helping to mereased
our property's occupied rent by over $100 and that is continuing to rise.A

Experience

Consultant

NO cr row REL Ot ran aeons sah lat B ON mmC TC

© Consulting those looking for products
© Managing a sakes quota each month
© Network Marketing

Marketing Manager
Olea KE OROr ina Ge rena Nba LOSES HI

¢ Oversee all marketing efforts for a property of 310 apartrrent and townhomes
WENO UL et@ rac cce Ro Coa Lemire cad

Study and research the market daily to keep up with changes and trends

aoe acu er out Ae nee LO LNG

Supervise a Marketing AssociateA

Maintaining a presence on social media, paid advertismg sources and corporate outreach
Manage advertising budgets up to $50,000

Organize quarterly financial reports

CO reriiteeterit bb e(neg

Prana oro sanet Meee tina.

Bedr ened yesred times OnCConmeen ren alia

Producing and signing kegal documents.

Pons ROB ies Casi ecty

ALES eS clenyiait)

SST Ties COLAND he ore Rat stan s ese Conicy

Nurse Server
June 2013 to November 2013 Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Responsibk for stocking all equipment that nurses use for their patients.

© Understanding the knowledge and difference amongst equipment such as syringes, tubing, gausses, and much more.
¢ Keeping mother carts stocked across the hospital for future shifts and co-workers.

¢ Placing orders for supplies used throughout hospital.

Marketing/Leasing Associate

May 2013 to September 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for taking phone calls and scheduling appomtrents.
ehcp res once te Resend onl ncim pad

Taking prospect residents on tours of the property.

Signing leases with new-coming residents.

Re aS
April2011 to May 2013 Company Name i% City , State
