LEASING CONSULTANT
Summary

Microsoft Office (4 years), Sales (4 years), Quickbooks (4 years), Performance Management (2 years), Accounting (4 years), Market Research
(4 years), Marketing Strategy (4 years), Marketing Communications (4 years), Financial Analysis (4 years), Public Relations (4 years)
Accomplishments

© To Whomlt May Concem, My name is Vincent Hall, and I hate the "One-Size-Fits-All" approach to business.

© When marketing doesn't feel like marketing, and people organically connect to your message, you've birthed a movement.

© Gone are the days of the 1950's where individualism rooted in autonomy allowed one to be libeled as the "lone wolf" and heroically

conquer the "Corporate Ladder”.

Similarly, business entities cannot survive the current globalized, hyper-competitive market through, what I call, "Corporate -Isolationism’.

A business, whether a start-up or an established titan of industry, must always find relevant ways comect and communicate with its

Bitetanaey

© My interest in business started when my ffiend's step-father told me "The only road to success is the one you build through work and
creativity",

© This statement has birthed a passion and drive to not only understand human behavior in what motivates one to buy, but also the mechanics

behind product positioning.

What about the product makes it appealing.

How can a business increase delivery efficiency.

How does a business drive up profit margins while driving down production costs? In conclusion, between my experience in accounting,

marketing research, marketing strategy, product positioning, market communication, and public relations has led me to believe two key

Pinan

First, individual's desire to buy hinges on the appealing presentation.

It has to be palatable to all five senses within 30 seconds or kess.

Second, the product must serve a customer's need longer than the next fade of products.

In other words, the product must withstand a competitor's product in offering versatile utility and adaptability options to every customer.
It is my hope that my commumication skills along with my experience in marketing, sales, and accounting will assist in your company's
profitability m product positioning,

schivor anes
NU CR @tacanis
Leasing Consultant Company Name 1% City , State

Greet, assist, and screen prospective clients by collecting demographic information via questionnaire.

Actively listening to concems of prospective clients in order to offer consultations in regards to product value, benefits, and fimctionality.

Follow up with prospective clients within 24 hours with a follow-up call, 72 hours with an email summary of visit and request for return visit.

Insure all copies of confidential documentation regarding application process such as banking, social security numbers, and government

issued ID's are safely secured within applicant's individual file.

Screen prospective clients according to established company policy and follow up with client within 24 hours to discuss results.

Create and insure all outstanding contracts have captured time sensitive signatures and initials within 48 hours of approval.

Market business via social media (facebook, instagram, twitter, flyers to vendors, community rotary mixers, UT/ACC).

Record information legibly and with technical accuracy, proofread for spelling, number and typing errors; alphabetize, file, and maintain

various financial records for AR/AP.

© Prepare, reconcile, interpret, and analyze all Prelirinary Documentation, A/P, A/R, Liens, Billng, Payroll, Credit Card purchases for
(Oo iue Boer ena

© Ability to work unihterally between various departments relating to purchasing, contracts, auditor controler, administration, and human

Present cies

Follow complex verbal and written instructions while interoperating/transhting information with people of various educational and

socioeconomic backgrounds.

07/2015 to 04/2016
[Oollicee eGo sole Nips LOLS ame

Assist clients in finding medical, housing, nutritional, educational, and career development county and state assistance programs Assisted in
demonstrating the benefits of nutritional dieting in regards to psychological and physical health for differing clientele demographics Assisted in
developing, establishing, and implementing infrastructure necessary to expand citizenry access to organic food venues within impoverished
communities through legislation and subsidized delivery services from local farmers Assisted clients with medical enrollment and reenrollment
procedures, interpreting medical codes, switch from Medicaid to Public Exchange Proficient in Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Power and
Outlook programs Demonstrates knowledge of correct spelling, grammntical structure, and arithmetic Ability to correctly transhate all
documentation into Spanish,

05/2013 to 07/2015
Finance Consultant Company Name i City , State

¢ Established business relationships and presence in local Chamber of Commerce, Rotary, and Lion Club(s) Worked with Small Business
Adninistration Office and commercial lenders to secure loans, credit lines, and investor capital for business owners Bank reconciliation,
