COLOR CONSULTANT

Si

Adaptable and ambitious administrative professional with 5+ years experience in accounting and finance, real estate, as well as customer service.A
schivor anes

Noverber 2016

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Color Consultant

Sephora is one of the largest cosmetic retailers world wide. As a Color Consultant my daily responsibilities include:

¢ Achieving the stores daily sales goal by assisting clients with their product purchases.

Analyzing skin condition and make appropriate product recommendations.

Working as a team with colleagues and participating in weekly competitions/games, thems, ete.
Stocking shelves, supplies, and organizing displays.

Prd eure earn ama sICeetemie nub naneucoc lL reRocee ated ay oom

June 2012

to

September 2016

Company Name City , State Office Manager

McHugh CPA Group is a family owned accounting office located in Atlanta, GA. Microsoft proficency, meticulous attention to detail, strong
problem solving, and customer service were required skills needed as an Office Mamager. Daily responsbilities:

¢ Preperation of tax retums, E-filing, and POA's (Power of Attorney).

Managed accounts payable/recievable.

Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.

Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.

Performed complex general accounting fimctions, including preperation of journal entries, account analysis, and balance sheet
reconciliations.

¢ Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

Wate A008 |

to

July 2012

Company Name City , State Receptionist

A Worked for RE/MAX as an entry evel receptionist.A Daily responsibilities included:A

© Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings, and staffevents.
© Managed office supplies, vendors, organization, and up keep.

* Coordinated, scheduled, and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.
CO oretrneGu re naimecironcaem eee nnice ieee

© Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

brairestbeny

May 2010

Norwich Free Academy City , State High school

Skills

Ecol eMOU erie be Rally
Ni etait miele cert)
PXwariest eee melon tLoed
Where Olibameiana
Neil bretrsm cre cdie
Bosebenietiieg

Invoice rocessing
Niieekaanmselstceyics
