CONSULTANT
Core Qualifications
¢ SKILLS AND ACTIVITIES
* Volunteer English Teacher for "Teach India"; Challenge for Charity, SQL, SPSS, Tableau, MS Excel, Power Point.

Accomplishments

* Evert McCabe Fellowship, Rick and Marilyn Wong Scholarship, Business Technology Club Board member
© Owned development, testing and maintenance of 4 mission critical Web Services that powered a Web based product that generated over
SSM in annual revenue. Won "Beyond the Call of Duty" award for outstanding effort

schivor anes
04/2015 to 04/2015
LO Hio rae cla Nts Cea ON BESTT] Ce

CEO eo reErtS reel cnvany ees]
® Create journey maps and identify touch points for different personas of application developers. Asses the capability maturity of different
components within Windows, iOS, and Android developrrent phitfonrs.

01/2015 to 03/2015

New Product Development Consultant Company Name 1% City , State (hyper-converged IT Infrastructure)
06/2014 to 08/2014

Product Marketing Manager Intem, vCloud Air Company Name i City , State

© Identified market size, and target customer segments for a new hyper converged IT infrastructure product. Conducted competitive analysis.
Proposed a product for mid-market and a Go-to-Market strategy. VMware Inc., Palo Alto, CA Summer 2014 Product Marketing
Manager Intern, vCloud Air (Infrastructure as a service- IaaS)

¢ Interviewed VMware customers to discover adoption rate of vCloud Air based on use cases. Identified top 10 customer use cases of
vCloud Air. Presented specific changes to fine tune targeting and positioning of Cloud Air.

« Analyzed win/oss interviews to identify top 8 buying criteria and top 4 ROI drivers used by potential customers to select IaaS vendor.
cee trertackswodiimeincece OB heck nero) caer sae

© Developed a content strategy for VMware's IaaS case studies by eliciting buying criteria, and by bench-marking 150 IaaS case studies
published by competitors such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, Rackspace, and Google.

ONCE orc)
MBA Marketing Consultant Company Nam i City , State

© Developed a market entry plan for a new network Security Software as a Service (SaaS) product. Conducted market research and
competitive analysis to identify opportunity worth $1.6B in network security space.

* Proposed and presented acquisition as the market entry route to the executive team In May, F5 Networks acquired Defense.Net - a cloud
based security SaaS provider.

01/2012 to 01/2013
Blo Bercee Gurren h TAOS NIE

© Client: An international chain of convenience stores)
* Led anagik product team of 8 consultants to develop and implement 5 core Web Services of custorrer loyalty software to help the client
capture $600M in annual revenue.

01/2007 to 01/2012
Bloch oA sa eseamatr sa @ent live N Gt Ry ON mm yCL()

CERO CPP eE eben icinceteep estes spn erie ete ies)

Owned development, testing and maintenance of 4 mission critical Web Services that powered a Web based product that generated over
SSM in annual revenue. Won "Beyond the Call of Duty" award for outstanding effort.

Proposed methods to speed up online financial news search feature of client's Web product and presented to Vice President of Technology,
resulting ina project win worth $0.9M for Infosys.

Developed a software to filter out redundant information from enterprise databases, elirinated manual processes and saved $550K per
annum for the client. Received highest client satisfaction rating for the project.

brairestbeny

Master of Business Administration : Business Technology The Michel G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington 14 City , State ,
US The Michael G. Foster School of Business, University of Washington, Seattle, WA June 2015 Candidate for Master of Business
Administration Evert McCabe Fellowship, Rick and Marilyn Wong Scholarship, Business Teclmology Club Board member

Bachelor of Engineering : Computer Science Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal University Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal
University, Manipal, India May 2007 Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science Founder of DISHA - a socio-economic platform for the
underprivileged students. Co-founder & first general secretary of RED X - the largest student club of the university.
