CONSULTANT
Summary

Solutions-focused, versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting U.S. military operations in roks of
increasing responsibility during a 30-year career in the United States Marine Corps. Effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and
technologies to achieve positive results.

Highlights
CRS Tioemtcimikuern tiniest et)
© Extremely organized
Strong Managerial Skills
Pianeta oReCai|
Effective writing skills
Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance (Ckearable).
Effective team leader
CPR certified
Fireants safety training
Bicheceb encore abe
Intelligence gathering techniques

* Training in Emergency response
« Abk to handle extrene situations

Accomplishments

Effective leader of'a period spanning 30 years in the United States Marine Corps. Deployed numerous times to hardship countries to assist in relief
eflorts as well as combat operations. Completed both my Bachelors and Masters degree's since retirement

schivor anes
Consultant
October 2013 to October 2014 Company Name 14 City , State

* Consultant for FSCX (Fort Sill Oklahorm).

Cae iatine

Assisting other doctrine writers in the efforts of revising all current doctrine, tactics, techniques and procedures manuak, to include ATP 3-
09.13 (FM 3-09.13) The Battkefiekd Coordination Detachment (BCD) and ATP 3-09.43 Fire Support Techniques for The Battalion,
utilizing the Army Doctrine 2015 format.

Primary Doctrine Writer
September 2012 to September 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Ce grit eDeniucR iow om ules shy lUeOnonllec@th manta bce arn enlenCw Ie REC art i clnL Ge cea aie cd
Publication (MCRP) 3-17.2D.

© Keybridge Technologies.

© Acted as the primary author for Explosive Hazard Operations, doctrinal publication, ATP 3-34.20/MCRP 3-17.2D.

© Gathered, analyzed, and wrote all information required to re-write an outdated version of FM 3-34.210 (Explosive Hazard Operations).

© Possess extensive knowledge on Army and Marine Corps writing and doctrinal procedures.

Heated

September 2011 to August 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

CMe rea BeelteM (oem (on

Performing Capability Gap Analysis, Limited Doctrine, Organization, Training, Materiel, Leader Development and Education, and Facilities

(DOTMPLF) Assessments and related research in support of the Directorate of Counter Improvised Explosive Device (DCIED).

Extremely knowledgeable on all databases that support the Defeat the Device Line of effort.

Possesses extensive knowledge on all Robotics and Hand Held Detectors currently used by Marines and Soldiers for Dismounted

Operations in Afghanistan.

© Familiar with all limitations and capabilities for each system

Material developer with vast knowledge on all systems pertaining to current operations involving the Defeat the Device Working Group

Thoroughly knowledgeable with all agencies involved in procuring Material Solutions for the Soldiers and Marines in the current Theater of

Operations.

Thoroughly knowledgeable with the Joint Urgent Operational Needs Statements UONS) and all other databases that contain information

to support the briefS for the DtD Line of Effort.

© Extremely familiar with all Aerial Intelligence Surveillance and reconmaissance systems used by US forces through personal experience in
ool esate B

© Familiar with all material solutions that pertain to Dismounted Operations, and how they are utilized during operations.

© Identifying Gaps the Warfighters in Afghanistan through personal combat experience.

¢ Authored/Co-Authored several Concept of Operations (CONOPS) and Techniques, Tactics and Procedures (TTP) for various gear tested

eA arniicley

Provides extensive research on all mterial solutions to assist the Warfighter.
