CONSULTANT

Highlights

TECHNOLOGY SKILLS Visual Basic * HTML * JavaScript * SQL * XML * Python * MVC * FileMaker * PHP * Advanced Excel *
SiteCatalyst CORE COMPETENCIES Problem Solving * Relational Databases * Process Reengineering * Customer Relations * Staff
Managerrent Startups & Transitional Environments * Systems Integration * Data Migration * Reporting & Automation

Accomplishments

Received Saks Achieverrent Award for attaining 163% billable hours target with 5/5 customer satisfaction rating

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Consultant 01/2010 to Current Publicly traded (ADBE) digital technology company specializing in content creation
and online analytics annual sales of $4.4 billion Support simultaneous client consulting engagements by performing product impkerrentations,
technical probkm solving, and ad hoc client requests for Fortune 500 companies such as Home Depot, Disney and REI. Promoted internally to a
nor bilble position needed to retain and rebuild relationships with dissatisfied clients in the US and EMEA through problem resolution, both
distant and in-person. Participated in product integration team as the product expert for SiteCatalyst and SearchCenter during acquisition
integrations. * Received Sales Achievernent Award for attaining 163% billable hours target with 5/5 customer satisfaction rating * Designed and
coded custom tools for automating and improving client campaign creation, management and deployment resulting in an average 60% increase in
Col eiueionalgoltabag nome lcaae econ Koay coe ata Ber Sitilalol cee tes oes Roem ROLaMb econo ic
tools to increase effective advertising spend * Supported EMEA clients such as General Motors, Daimler and TicketMaster by performing
product implementations and training, technical problem solving, and custom client solutions

Company Name City , State Controller 01/2008 to 01/2010 Provider of medical coding information annual sales of $12 million acquired by
Access Intelligence in 2009 Oversee all financial fimctions, including audits, monthly financial statement preparation, daily cash flow, debt and
equity management, VC reporting, executive reporting, cash and revenue forecasts/budgets. Perform systems management, new system integration
and associated data migration. Manage six-person department with two direct reports. * Shortened finance’s 15-day month end process to 3 days
by autormting month end processes. * Decreased G&A cost by 40% annually, and received first deficiency-fiee audit by automating processes
and accounting transactions into daily operations. * Developed new proprietary operational system combining CRM, inventory, financial
mmnagennent, saks, fulfillment, call center tracking, and QuickBooks integration. Cell: 801-910-6500 * Greg@TheVarium.com Professional
experience continued

Company Name City , State Controller 01/2007 to 01/2008 Provider of electronic medical record management and data repository solutions
PW kel eu OS CRUE ee meres cessed baie ele eccd em ylinumacccieenisacareneeneiay
support, month-end close, equity and debt management, budgeting/forecasting, and daily cash management. Regularly utilized Salesforce.com,
Orack, SQL, VBA and Excel to process daily transactions and report daily on the status of company metrics and forecasts for SAAS and
enterprise saks. * Increase customer retention by 54% by monitoring customer usage trends to identify and save at-risk customers * Hiring and
firing of personnel as company cash flows permitted; customer point of contact for conflict resolution * Enhanced customer relationship
mmnagement capabilities by implementing Salesforce.com, migrating historical information, and training employees on tool fimetionalities

Company Name City , State Intemal Auditor 01/2006 to 01/2007 Publicly traded (ANET) credit card processor annual saks of $40 million
acquired by Visa in 2010 Charged with monitoring and testing financial and IT systems, controls, and processes for COSO, SOX, COBIT, and
audit compliance. Regularly utilized HTML, ODBC, VBA, XML, and Excel to test and improve system processes. * Increased testing efficiency
by identifying and eliminating more than 100 tests through integration and systemization. * Autormted custorrer applications; decreasing sales
overhead by 15% per year & correcting $80K in erroncous commissions

Company Name City , State Accountant 01/2005 to 01/2006 Broker dealer for 1031/Tenant in Common security exchanges, REITs, stocks,
bonds annual sakes of $120 million. Cakulated weekly commissions and payments; managed AP, AR, and invoicing fimctions. Regularly utilized
SQL, VBA, XML, and Excel to process daily transactions, commissions, and improve system processes. * Automated commission calculation
time from4 days to minutes by integrating existing systems through SQL. * Improved accuracy of customer and broker data by developing an MS
Access based system to replace individual spreadsheets.

Company Name City , State Regional Manager 01/2003 to 01/2005 Provider of third-party hospital billing recovery solutions Managed HCA and
Tasis hospitals in Utah and the surrounding regions, with responsibility for each hospital and its employees, profitability, and billings. Directed 18-
person staff with four direct reports. Regularly utilized SQL and Excel to process daily patients, applications and notes in an autormated manner. *
Increased territory size and enhanced Cardon's reputation with HCA by standardizing the hospital group's data reporting from insurance chins
and third-party recoveries. * Improved regional profitability by 45% in eight months by increasing the use of Medicaid and Cobra benefits
(identified through off hours research).

Company Name City , State Co-Founder 01/2005 to Current

® National orrsite hair and makeup service with local salon, Studio Enizio annual sales of $500K
© Secured cash financing, manage daily cash flows, inventory optimizations, payroll, and federal and state tax filmgs.

Education

Masters in Business Administration : Business Administration Gore School of Business , City , State , US Masters in Business Administration Gore
School of Business Westminster College, Salt Lake City, UT

Bachelors : Accounting David Eccles School of Business , City , State , US Bachelors in Accounting David Eccles School of Business University
of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT

Certifications

[o7.N

Skills

Annual Sales, Cash, Sales, Sales Of Inventory, Filngs, Payroll, State Tax, Integration, Integrator, Solutions, Increase, Training, Advertising,
Award, Campaign Management, Clients, Content Creation, Deployment, Excellent Multitasker, Problem Resolution, Problem Solving, Rebuild,
Satisfaction, Simultaneous, Technical Problem Solving, Million, Excel, Audit, Sql, Access, Customer Relationship Management, Forecasts, Billing,
