CONSULTANT

Executive Profile

P&L MANUFACTURING/ENGINEERING & SUPPLY CHAIN EXECUTIVE Increasing Revenues Profitability and EBITDA Coaching and
Leading Teams Operational Tumarounds Strategic Planning Creative Solutions Creating Value Driving Results Highly accomplished P&L
manufacturing executive with a proven track record in keading manuficturing and distribution businesses by utilizing Jean tools in the value adding
stream. Tumaround experience. Increasing price/eamings multipkes and stockhoKler value. Developed and implemented strategic plans. Ability to
attract and retain key personnel. Excellent at coaching and mentoring key personnel in all disciplines. Knowkedgeabke of QS 9001, ISO/TS 16949,
logistics and new product launches. SOX compliant. Trained in lean manufacturing by Eliyahu M. Goldratt, author of "The Goal”. KPI Metrics and
measurements driven. Increased company value by $30 million Reduced inventories by 40% Reduced assembly labor by 60% Increased earings
per share by $1.25. Delivered expected results in safety with a company record of 176 days without lost time accidents. Made processes reliable
and repeatabk: to achieve quality standards in single digit PPMs. Achieved a 100% on time delivery with sequence scheduling Managed both union
and non-union employees ranging from staffing of 150 to 2,000 personnel. Ability to diagnose performance problems quickly and implement
solutions. Establish targets and goals with accountability measures and apply strong constraint analysis capability with data analysis and business
Hees igea Com ee Oho ach os iad ena Laua nome soricer hurler tara to ar cree

RS eiperenien

Ability to attract and retain key personnel. Excellent at coaching and mentoring key personnel in all disciplines. Get teams involved by
incorporating their ideas. Promote a culture of strong ownership. Encourage employees to do their best. MS Windows XP, MS Office XP,
(Word, Excel and PowerPoint), Visio, MS Project and MS Outlook. (Proficiency Ievel with is excellent) - ERP / MRP (JD Edwards, BAAN).
Professional Experience

REIT PUAN ceo ene N lene

Setting and impkrrenting goals with the CEO and committing to delivering positive results until all goals are compkted.

Ashop floor hands-on approach leading shop floor teams in kan manuficturing and continuous improverents.

Conducted assessment and implementation engagements.

Lean Tools Utilized Toyota Production System *JIT *Kaizen Kanban *5S *Takt time Poka- Yoke *SMED *Hejjunka Eight D *SY
*DMAIC Theory of Constraints *Value Stream Mapping *Work Cell Technology Demand Flow Applications *Focused Factory *Flexible
Manuficturing Concepts Time-Based Principles *Synchronous Manufacturing *Supply Chain Management KPI's *High Velocity
Managerent *Standardization Multi-Plant Operations *Cost Controls Cost Accounting *A3 Process New Product Launches *Logistics
*Compkex probkm solving Examples on value adding contributions are as follows: Impkemented ean manufacturing for an automptive
stamping and welled assemblies’ plant.

Increasing company value by $30,000,000.

Teer I to Ford & GM and Tier II to Johnson Controls, Lear, Shape and others.

Impkenented a lean sequence scheduling methodology, reducing inventories by 40%, and reducing operating costs by $1 million, while
initiating JIT protocols wih steel suppliers.

* Lean manufacturing implementation - Increased company value at an automotive stamping and insert molding plant by $24,000,000
annually.

Impknented JIT and synchronous scheduling resulting ina 40% reduction in inventory, 100% on time deliveries,

Made processes reliable and repeatable to achieve single digit PPMs.

Streamlined packaging processes at an aerospace manufacturer increasing departrrental efficiency by 30% increasing capacity by 40%.
Impknented a purchasing strategic sourcing program, reducing material costs by 8%.

OHS eeece Ma aHe MOU OBI mcuiKee to naneenceranmaninaltwamnaccsieetnata eli clstet aa
RXSRUCHRUUON

© Initiated continuous improvement processes fora cellophane manufacturer, mcreased profits by $9,000,000.

© Designed and installed world chss manufacturing plants utilizing demand flow and cellular manufiicturing, reducing factory labor by 55%.

Consultant
RET UUM NALA SANE yA NESE

Rae SelB ernie
Janvary 1987 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Asa manufacturing executive of The Wurlitzer Company developed the corporate strategies, and provided the leadership and direction for
Mierlolee Ror ate admin dgenl necks Longe niies emia esi tic

Dee eh aha econ Ome oem Ma nme ram ONAN REN Aa rubliatren erat etc
YOUN CeeAg Nu he Le Lan veg Lm TEU MCC Moennunee Tne Re TN

erititceRunbedesreccm na oeemi sy anancs rare riinecs nuance clit e

¢ Results of implemented strategies include: Increased eamings per share by $1.25 year over year.

Impkrented major process improverents at plants resulting in. a 350-employee reduction by installing advanced manufacturing technology,
a $13,500,000 savings.

Reduced material costs by $10,000,000 through strategic sourcing and vendor consolidation.

Utilizing kan to mmke processes reliable and repeatabke reduced scrape costs by 80%.

Retiree Re ir laa nC eRe ROMA UU e ERD URL UIRle tb ocbatebitesar licence

Peet core MEME coe emedB Carnet a 0im

ercmcbusal tae CUD Na in a cent eeUn Oe ecco Meira cece Oe ESC azar ac eee

Utilizing manufacturing cell and focused factory concepts at sub-assembly manuficturing and delivering competed sub-assemblies to final
