KEY HOLDER
Summary
Highly organized efficient in multitasking environments; able to prioritize effectively to accomplish objectives with creativity, enthusiasm and humor.
Resourcefil and flexible, able to adapt to changing priorities and maintain a positive attitude with strong work ethic.

Highlights

re SO Uo ae en ocd ie ctGirleamUNE@liLadorsoe Otc oe uas euler Plc esas sone is sd /c@eli mol Wem vele cd] Ong
mmnagement Accomplished manager Goakoriented Positive and upbeat

schivor anes

Key Holder 08/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

© Trained all incoming sales team members.

* Promptly resolved all customer requests, questions and comphints.

© Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
® Assumed ownership over team productivity and managed work flow to meet or exceed quality service goals.

© Trained staff on operating procedures and company services.

© Prepared for opening and closing of the store.

Collections Specialist 02/2010 to 04/2011 Company Name City , State

Effectively managed a high-volue of inbound and outbound customer calls.
Evaluated and initiated alternatives for resolving account balances.
Responded to customer inquires regarding account status.

Coordinated collection activities for delinquent accounts.

Resolved customer situations calmly and courteously.

Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.
Met or exceeded service and quality standards every review period.

Saks Associate 07/2008 to 04/2009 City , State

© Greeted customers ina timely fashion while quickly determining their needs.

* Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
© Contributed to team success by exceeding team sales goak.

CO orl ckeci hous minis ous wee UNm ences i bohikeme ce @esiba en Clans ic eb ales ec TGe

Education

Certificate: Current Temple Real Estate school : Marketing 2008 Virginia Union University City , State Marketing

Skills

cash register, closing, Strong interpersonal skills, customer service, debit, fashion, inventory, Excel, MS Office, Microsoft Outlook, Word,
policies, quality, Real Estate, sales, trainer, workflow
