PN RS VU SM STUNI GI OL OM EO LUN NGG
Summary
Experienced in Signals analysis, Geo-Spatial analysis, Electronic Warfare analysis, Networks and Threat analysis, and DNR. Limited knowledge
of performing DNI analysis. Basic knowledge of computer network applications from the World Wide Web, printers, ermail, and instant
messaging. Knowledge in Local Area Networks as well as Wide Area Networks. Expert working knowledge and experience with Google Earth,
Microsoft Office Suite, various SIGINT Geospatial Analyst/Signal Analysis/SIGDEV collection, identification and analysis processing took,
applications, and databases. Experienced in analytic research and development techniques along with management of analysis databases, and
products. Excellent oral and written communication skills, regular displays of high levels of professionalism and problenrsolving skils. Bloomberg
certified as of 2014. Highly adaptive to changing environments, a self-starter and people motivator with a broad set of analytical and technical
skills. Proficient in Governmental Health Care programs and regulations; eg. Medicare Advantage.

Highlights

RT-RG suite, Belleview, Metrics, Anchory, Globalreach, SEDB, SIGNAV, NSAnet, Target Profiker, MS Office Suite, ArcMap, ArcGIS,
Google Earth, Analyst Notebook, Dishfire, JWICS, Bloomberg, Archtics, Ticketmaster, MarX, Continuum, FACETS, MEDCO, Med
Informatics, Care Advance, Verint, Cisco, CITRIX

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Assistant Banking Center Mamger I 03/2016 to Current

Knowledgeable in all aspects of running Retail Banking Center Building Operations; Audit policies and procedures, general management,
TEAM building, Comerica Securities, and all Retail Financial Products.

Preparation of internal instructions, operating policies, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and guidelines.

Skilled in assessing Fraudulent Issues; plans and conducts investigations designed to achieve casualty resolution.

FOR IS DOUL ROE CST Lel non uaa atic RNG aoleletbes puCUCItce

Mathernatical abilities to perform calculations including application of discounts, interest, proportions, mortgage terms, and percentages.
Proficient in the following systems: CISCO, HOGAN, Trio, Elan, Mortgage Referral Tool, Bloomberg, PayPoint, Check Vision, Account
Analysis (AAS), and CoStar.

© Member and Provider Services.

Company Name City , State Member and Provider Services 10/2015 to 03/2016

Certified in the 8 step Ulysses Service Mentor program

Proficient in the following systems: MACESS, FACETS, CITRIX, MEDCo, CareAdvance, Health Maintenance Organization, Continuum,
MarX, Med Informatics, CISCO, and Verint.

* Sales and customer service skills used to buikd and maintain exceptional relationships with Subscribers, Providers, Snmll Groups, Large
Groups, and Govemmental programs.

Knowledge of MDCH, NCQA, and MTM/NMIS.

Experienced with the following: Department of Human Services, Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and the Health Insurance
Marketphce.

Company Name City , State Box Office Associate 01/2014 to 072015

Proficient in the following systems: Archtics, Ticketmaster, and Michigan Lottery Sales.

Ability to multi-task and provide top level salesmanship.

Directly handled customer comphints and provided problenrsolving for a sufficient solution.

Worked at all three locations as a Box Office Associate; Meadowbrook Hall, DTE, and The Palace of Auburn Hil.

Company Name City , State Head Sales Associate 05/2013 to 12/2015

© Knowledgeable in all aspects of running a small business; payroll, accounts receivabk, accounts payable and general leadership.

© Increased sales over 10% from 2013 to 2015,

© Understanding of general hospitaV/health care practices and regulations; OSHA.

© Skilled with all Microsoft Office Programs.

© Experienced in medical field sales pitches and marketing strategies.

© Mathernatical abilities to perform simple calculations including application of discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, and percentages.

Company Name City , State SIGINT Analyst 06/2009 to 03/2010

Assisted in the development of over the air waves analysis between satellite, radio, and conducted pattern analysis to identify known and
unknown threats.

Developrent and exploration of SIGNIT targets used for the research and development of Intelligence reports and product preparation for
support to Military, both, Tactical and Strategic.

Expert working knowledge of SIGNIT, to include COMINT, ELINT, and OSINT, as well as ALL-source Analysis and Reporting.
Gained working knowledge of reporting to Captains and above.

Squad keader of 14 entry level soldiers.

Developed and improved IIR's and PIR's for analysis and collection capabilities.

Duc to injury, was unable to complete the given contract length.

Company Name City , State Aquatics Associate 10/2007 to 04/2009
