RO SOUPS Dc¥U(O7 GAZA OME
Summary

Energetic and enthusiastic insurance professional motivated to succeed in a fast-paced and deadline-driven professional environment.
Comprehensive knowledge of chims adjustments with special knowledge in identifying elements of fraud.

Perentens

* Chirs file management processes © Selfdirected
© Insurance fraud expertise © Report writing
© Interviewing techniques © Analytical

© Database management © Teampkyer
CES ionebelcrmaseiieneRenrr ities tosh Mae me Oiled blnulcog

Accomplishments

Promoted to Chins Special Investigator within 1 month of initial chims handling.

Audit scores consistently exceeded expectations and successfilly maintained the highest audit scores within the Special Investigations Unit.

schivor anes
Special Investigative Unit I
February 2013 to February 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

« My primary mission has been to detect, deter and defeat insurance fraud.

Worked closely with management in various departments and assist in making coverage decisions with a focus on thoroughness, quality,
cost control and mitigation of fiture risk.

(Ov reetbrca avcmedlcocmiReanll cebu estltonieckeelers)eceB be eB nncduea COtce

Developed connections with local fraud bureaus, district attomeys' offices and professional associations.

Worked with house counsel in preparing cases for legal purposes.

Train chins adjusters in identifying fraud and working closely with them in addressing coverage issues and red flags.

Exampk of typical investigations: theff, fire, vandalism, personal injury protection (first party medical payments), third party bodily injury,
rate evasion, material misrepresentation at application, out of'state losses and staged losses.

Worked an intense case load ina high pace environment and had to quickly become faniliar with policies in the following states:
Pennsylvania, New York, Connecticut, Illmois, Texas, South Carolina and Georgia.

Share intelligence with other fraud investigators and entities, including regularly attended conferences and seminars addressing current trends
and methods for combating potential fraud.

Fo ePlCcicw | e@stiecm ncaa incdheseg
October 2010 to February 2013 Company Name 1 City , State

Investigate coverage and liability for personal auto policies. My performance was such that within one month of general chins handling, I
SCS Let Cem RO sUitces rouse iecthed OC mmU Mc Les OHO SIN Me a rtnelined nem tn ecacrciniee Lemme eRe eRts eo OUST
Reduced loss ratios through fair and prompt processing of chins.

(Ov reetbrca avcmedlcocmiReanll cebu estltonieckeelers)eceB be eB nncduea COtce

Mentored new members of the chimstaft

Recommended settlement offers and negotiated payment arrangements.

Obtained all necessary information to complete proper evaluation of injury chins.

Drafied statement of loss to summarize darmges, payments and underlying policy coverage.

Individually responsible for a high volume of work in an intense, fast paced environment working directly with management in resolving all
chewed sicon oni eke ating

Manage time and work load between the office and the field.

© Investigating residency, employment, automobile history, narratives given by interviewees, inspecting vehick dannge Routinely handling

theff, fire, vandalism, questionable losses & other complex files.

Warehouse Manager
August 2009 to January 2010 Company Name 1 City , State

Supervised material flow, storage and global order filfillment.

Oversaw special orders and after-hours, urgent shipping jobs.

Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.

Operated Visual 2000, Fedex Ship Manager and UPS WorldShip shipping systems efficiently and accurately.
Oversaw the completion of highly detailed, custom orders up to bulk product shipping.

Oversaw warehousing and storage practices and housekeeping.

Received incoming shipments and reviewed contents against purchase order for accuracy.

Telenmrketing, cold calling new clients and following leads -utiliaed ms Excel, ms Word, and ermil.

Operations Manager
