SEO Sar ONIN e
Summary
Detail-oriented, analytical thinking, trilingual individual, with exceptional problen+solving skills looking to obtain an intemship or full-time position
that will allow nx to utilize my education and work experience while gaining valuable work experience ina teantoriented work environment.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science : Petroleum Engineering , Jul Texas A&M University 14 City , State Petroleum Engineering
[Number] GPA
Skills

Cece) Ao cm O UDMA RIE NEOs Led

* Process Implementation

eed

English, Portuguese, Spanish)

schivor anes

ciara -leas

May 2016 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Plan and execute forecasting strategies for mass production planning.

Collaborate with cross-fimctional groups including Engineering, Shipping/Receiving, Purchasing, and Sales.

Negoatiate proposals for potential suppliers, including quantitative and qualitative research.

Obtain documents, clearances, certificates, and approvals from local, state and federal agencies.

Work closely with Production to convert weekly plan into daily work center scheduks that manage constraints of manpower, equipment
and optimize costs.

Bu tew AA!
February 2015 to May 2016 Company Name iA City , State

© Managed ERP system to monitor the status of ncoming materials.

Released work orders to the production floor as inventory became availabe.

[Keoiimlctkotmetiotni ene eonsieehei@u iB wiecbub eis setae

Interacted with cross-fimctional teams like sales, production, and the executives.

FS ZeeP Lelia en iche nice IL ibe inne enetch eet slIS AO naelled be iene enmerinecoliaa ered nicl alice
© Translated business needs and priorities into actionabk logistics strategies.

Warehouse Executive
February 2011 to January 2015 Company Name iA City , State

© Represented the Operations Group in receiving all Inventories from Vendor deliveries.

Participated in joint receiving and inspection ofall Shipyard Spare Parts deliveries and liaise closely with the Procurement Team on

ed ree ceRialian es

Utilized Maximo system to electronically track inventory flow, bin storage, and reconcile inventory.

Ensured Warehouse was kept ina safe and efficient manner with Inventory properly labeled and sorted for easy identification and picking.
Supervised periodic stock-take and conducted investigation for any discrepancies.

Carried out the daily issuance of Tools & Inventory to shipyard personnel base on Inventory requests and Work Orders.

Monitored Stock Levels and reordered Inventory when lw.

Ensured Inventory is stored in accordance with best practices and chemical storage complies with GHS Classification.

als

CAD, delivery, English, ERP, forecasting, fimctional, ispection, Inventory, leadership skills, logistics, rmterials, Matlab, MS Office, personnel,
Portuguese, pricing, Procurement, Production Manager, proposals, Purchasing, qualitative research, quality, Fast karner, Receiving, Sales,
Shipping, Solid Works, Spanish, specification, Strategy & Planning, Supply Chain
