SHOE DEPT. LEAD SUPERVISOR
Accomplishments

KELLERMEYER BERGENSONS SERVICES, M aunve, OH.

Crew Member, Aug 2012 A Oct 2013 Service, clean, or supply restrooms.

Gather and empty trash.

Clean building floors by sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming.

Follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent darmge to floors and fixtures.
Mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions, according to specifications.

Notify managers conceming the need for major repairs or additions to buikling operating systems.

Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, or squeegees.

Clean laboratory equipment, such as glassware or metal instruments, using solvents, brushes, rags, or power cleaning equipment.
Dust furniture, walls, machines, or equipment.

(Ore emeoiciB atic mi cUucce

2140 n hollywood way #10071 burbank, California, 91510 8183362640 LOV3AT1STSIT3@YAHOO.COM.
KELLERMEYER BERGENSONS SERVICES, M aunre, OH.

Crew Member, Jan 2008 A Jul 2009 Service, clean, or supply restrooms.

Gather and empty trash.

Clean building floors by sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming.

Follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent darmge to floors and fixtures.
Mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions, according to specifications.

Notify managers conceming the need for major repairs or additions to buikling operating systems.

Requisition supplies or equipment needed for cleaning and maintenance duties.

Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, or squeegees.

(Ore emeoiciB atic mi cUucce

Dust furniture, walls, machines, or equipment.

schivor anes
11/2013 to 12/2015
Shoe dept. kead supervisor Company Name 1'4 City , State

Enforce safety and sanitation regulations.

Direct and coordinate the activities of employees engaged in the production or processing of goods, such as inspectors, machine setters, and
fabricators.

Confer with other supervisors to coordinate operations and activities within or between departments.

Plan ard establish work schedules, assignments, and production sequences to meet production goals.

Inspect materials, products, or equipment to detect defects or malfunctions.

Observe work and monitor gauges, dials, and other indicators to ensure that operators conform to production or processing standards.
Conduct employee training in equipment operations or work and safety procedures, or assign employee training to experienced workers.
Interpret specifications, blueprints, job orders, and company policies and procedures for workers.

Keep records of employees’ attendance and hours worked.

Read and analyze charts, work orders, production schedules, and other records and reports to determine production requirements and to
evaluate current production estimates and outputs.

Maintain operations data, such as time, production, and cost records, and prepare management reports of production results.

Determine standards, budgets, production goak, and rates, based on company policies, equipment and labor availability, and workloads.
Confer with management or subordinates to resolve worker probkis, comphints, or grievances.

Recommend or implement measures to motivate employees and to improve production methods, equipment performance, product quality,
or efficiency.

Recommend or execute personnel actions, such as hiring, evaluations, and promotions.

Cakulte labor and equipment requirements and production specifications, using standard formuhs.

Plan and d evelop new products and production processes.

02/2007 to 07/2009
Cashier/Crew kader Company Name 14 City , State

Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.

Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to customers.

Assist customers by providing information and resolving their comphints.

Greet customers entering establishments.

Answer customers’ questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.

Sell tickets and other items to customers.

Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and compkte other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Use OM CCRC NoMa nouiMMcO RiGee ial sere nucniconcueveml la lnecbsrieelacce rae
Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are stafled appropriately.
Cakuhte total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.

Supervise others and provide on - the -job training.
