BOOKSELLER
Professional Profile
Ever since I've been able to work I have, the day I tumed 16 I got a job at WalMart and I was with WalMart for about a year and a half My
only reason for kaving my job at Wal-Mart was because I had to get a second job for my co-op class that I had in high school. I did work both
Jobs for a few months but I had to quit at Wal-Mart because they couldn't work with my other job schedule. While I was an associate at Wal-
Mart I did work different departments such as apparel, jewelry, and I worked as a cashier. I currently work at a Childcare to help me pursue my
fitture career in Speech and Language Pathology. I have experience in customer service, and talking to parents and children. I consider myselfa
very driven hard worker, if] am given a task I compkte it to my best ability.
Qualifications

© Customer service mindset

¢ Receive retum merchandise

CMe Saints asi

© Professional appearance

© Restocking
PEO noose)
© Efficiency

Experience
Bookselkr , 08/2016 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

(Oe esmineRichularceNtel alicay

Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.
(Olrusiiecbvaustta mbes) Lam

Worked with customer service to resolve issues

ON co Brawminacai since

Ionita Bs ue a Orns c LAB el LoS

Operated cash register with proficiency.

yo elccB occ ei etnekennncetccay women lt recs
Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

Cr ee ee

Teacher/ Closer , 09/2014 to Current Company Name i City , State

¢ During my time at Southside Christian Childcare and Preschool I have kamed many things.

¢ Fromsimpk things of how to properly sanitize a changing tabke to having to take care ofa chiXd after a bad accident.

Se ere chee Braodectmeoten cM Koln cnmeee Rete omen elunteliayea ea

¢ Some of my responsibilities as a teacher was to teach the chikiren the things they should be leaming according to the curriculumat that age

range while also having fim.

VSPcs eRe eam ba Neier crear ee Bien meee HE CRB Cm LS OMRON) CRON CRUST ece TRC One Bt etd

importantly all doors are locked and secure.

SHOE Rane BOM ual me i uccinicee oe rrinnchmcky eae

Organize and kad activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafis, music,

Osa liumeB Te cairo

Teach basic skills such as color, shape, number and ktter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills.

Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health.

Read books to entire classes or to small groups.

FACc Eker shenceoct ma oatiicd nan Muccccuaicm ene Rorciuncd sala) ae

Provide a variety of materials and resources for chikiren to explore, manipulate and use, both in kaming activities and in imaginative ply.

ere nep raed etre Ra let Bem ACCE Ay Coe

Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health: related probkns, and discuss them with supervisors, parents or

Fuller eta le Relate oir ene sae ste

¢ Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress and needs, determine their priorities for their chikdren, and suggest ways
that they can promote keaming and development.

Per ened cannes ein ueisucnibacer fia cele bi coay ie cncmlavicaranscEt hs Bcc ce

re er er ee

PY BR ia ecu Cn RO ome CU ROR AU eR Geis e Nt aL IN ESET

© Myresponsibilities as a apparel associate at Wal-Mart included cleaning up apparel; folding clothes, watching over the fitting rooms,
answering the telephone, putting out new merchandise, using handhelds to find out where products are, or if they are in stock.

PCS n AVC VCls ing oumisinliL wba asc onremcca Com Lacon S meus OME CNR cue ne Re ete era on

rnin

Whik I was in apparel I was also working the Jewelry Counter, my responsibilities included were making sure the cases were locked,

Piel aed ae pam lea DAC RMU SUL Mare L Anns bitl cueeutina beeen gerbrrena rane sea ieee

[Code orasins eres ei aecta Oem cites cct om

Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.

Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.

Oe noes ne men belie crh Bice ent pace Tome ig Nir cne

ere eal ces heko mc leee clam

Help customers try on or fit merchandise.

ee ee ey
