FREELANCE DESIGNER

Highlights

* Efficiently lead and coordinated all product development stages. * Research market needs for development of new products, remain up-to-
date on emerging trends and competitors. * Engaging presenter and communicator; ckarly communicates product features and advantages to
mmnagenent, clients, and vendors. * Skilled in the production of concept sketches, 3D computer models, and product prototypes. Technical
Proficiencies MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Adobe Photoshop & Illustrator CS, Pro Engineer, Rhino, Alias, Hypershot, Keyshot,
Wacom Drawing Tablet, Scanning Software, Digital Cameras, Table Saws, Sanders, Paint Sprayers.

schivor anes

07/2014 to Current

Freelance Designer Company Name 1'4 City , State

* Completed projects for Dick's Sporting Good, Walmart, Khol's, Cabeha's, Magellan, Kryptek, Snap-On, CCA.
© Created winter beanies and gloves.

® Creating Tech Packs: Specific apparel information on plhcement, measurements and overall look of ganrent.

© Created women's hoodies, yoga pants and tee shirts.

© Created golf polo shirts.

* Created designs for promotional baseball caps to be sok at four major airports.

05/2014 to 06/2014

Freelance Designer Company Name 1'4 City , State Provided designs and sketches for two models of snow ski gloves. The designs were ftom
initial concept through final design stages. The first model is a ski patroller glove where durability and value are paramount. The second model is at
the upper end of the range of gloves for skiers and will be a higher performing glove.

09/2012 to 11/2013

Apparel Designer/Developer Company Name 14 City , State Managed designs and development of new apparel lines from initial concept through
production confirmation. Emphasis was on delivering projects and related samples according to predetermined timelines. Learned and applied the
full scope of product development including Project managerrent, Tireline management, Costing analysis, Fit and Wear testing, Commercializing
to production, Material knowledge, Created tech pacs, and Construction methods. Kept informed of and evaluated competitive developments
with an eye towards improving the competitiveness of Rocky Brands apparel lines. Communicated daily with the overseas factories and team
members on the proto-type and pre-production sampks. Participated in Voice of Customer trips which included focus groups, talking with
storeowners, working in their stores and talking with their customers. Attended several construction sites and hunting trips to observe experience
and further understand the apparel requirements and needs for both workers and hunters. Key Achieverrents: * Effectively developed several
apparel lines that will be introduced in the marketplace. * Worked with fabric suppliers/vendors to learn about materials and their usage. * Created
Tech Packs: Specific apparel information on placement, measurements and overall look of garment. * Provided presentation materials and
storyboards for new collections. * Created designs, sketches, material specifications, measurement templates, construction detail construction
sketches, logo/abel design trim detail, and color assortrents.

05/2010 to 02/2012

Product Designer Company Name 1 City , State Managed muttiple concurrent design projects for a leader in silicone-based technology and
innovation, working closely with marketing and business development professionak, scientists, and engineering teams. Developed new products to
meet market needs. Created concept sketches and 3D computer models and presented to clients. Provided guidance to and managed workloads
for college interns. Key Achievernents: * Successfillly implemented key projects that resulted in buikling custorrer awareness of silicone uses. *
Created architectural floor plans, developed interior design plans and designed product display cases for new Dow Coming Design Center.
(Ovo pratsuLesbLcseke ecb edition

01/2007 to 07/2009

Product Designer Company Name 1 City , State Researched design concepts and designed / updated consumer-based products, working in
conjunction with marketing, engineering teams and other designers. Prepared concept sketches and 3D computer models; built model prototypes.
Delivered presentations to management to present concepts, updates, and product models. Key Achievements: * Developed several products that
were introduced in the marketphace.

COS PAU RRO 22010

Website Designer Company Name 14 City , State Completed website development for a local county Water Authority, including hyout, content,
Bier eucsie) ace

01/2006 to 02/2006

Product Designer (contract) Company Name 1 City , State Worked with creative team to develop ideas and create concept sketches for new
products. Clients included Binney & Smith (Crayola), Fisher Price, and Icuiti.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Fine Arts : Industrial Design College of Creative Studies Detroit i City , State , US College of Creative Studies Detroit, MI Degree:
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design GPA: 3.36

design Monroe Community College Rochester 14 City , State , US Monroe Commumity College Rochester, NY Summer Courses GPA: 3.6
Volunteer Experience Mentored a senior at University of Northumbria (London, England) in design ofa cordiess men's hairdryer with a carry
case, providing feedback and professional guidance. Contributed to building children's playground as a volunteer with the Greece Rotary Youth
Interact Club.

Certifications

CCA

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Volunteer Experience

I Urewannibe ts
