TT COMPLIANCE AUDITOR
[Osheue Oona ang

Toffer 15 years’ experience in various areas of the Information Technology Field. Including five years experience installing, configuring, and
troubleshooting computer software and hardware problems. Five years of experience managing software licenses/compliance, coordinating
purchases of major projects and volume license contract negotiations. Five years of experience as an IT Compliance Auditor in which I executed
PCISOX Audits and provided corporate governance.

Qualifications

Certified Software Manager (CSM) (SITA)

[Ko irecm noi Lenmeeutnswrelcelg

NO WER coco BEDE A Oneicns

MCP-Windows 2000 MCP ID 2797345

PLU To ow teimectcibeny

RY one iickinbetig

AFFILIATIONS

Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA)
Software Information Industry Association (SIIA)

Aug oanan at acs
TT Compliance Auditor 01/2010 to Current Company Nam City , State

Provide value-added contro! assurance/governance as it relates to security, e-commerce and industry compliance requirements and
controls.

Liaise with Information Technology and Operations areas to proactively assess security policy compliance and monitor risk Coordinate
external/3rd party auditors, including PCI DSS, SAS 70, Record Retention, and Business Process Improverrent reviews Manage internal
IT audit engagements including: system platform audits, PCI Compliance Readiness reviews, IT Risk Assessments, change management,
and business process control assurance Manage security control assessments of Payment Systems for merchant boarding and settlement of
sities

Coordinate and perform compliance audits in accordance to the information protection, data asset and threat provisions under the
Sarbanes-Oxky Acts.

Coordinate with Incident Response teams for post-event diagnosis, investigation and documentation.

Evaluate information protection governance framework against ITIL, FFIEC, and COBIT best practices.

Provide effective project(audit) guidance and Ieadership to team members and managerrent as it relates to data security and industry
compliance Assisted to implement policies on information asset protection, operating system platform security, network security, and
acceptable computing resource use Coordinated with the business organizations to ensure the implementation of proper controls and
maximum security with a minimum impact to fimctionality or purpose Performed information security risk assessments and compliance audits
for information security processes regarding AS/400,AIX , Windows Evaluated AS/400 system security values, UNIX system security files,
RACF SETROPTS paraneters, Windows user and workstation policy settings, firewall rule-set parameters, and router configuration files.
Evaluated network vulnerability, malware, and port uses Monitored compliance with the organization's information security policies and
procedures among employees, contractors, alliances, and other third parties.

Assisted in the creation of the roles and responsibilities matrix for SAP user profiles and authorities based on finctional groupings Performed
the IT audit portion of the internal audit department Annual Plan.

Execute those audits, activities, projects, and special services to fulfill Annual Plan commitrents.

Performed hands-on analysis of mult-platform and application security.

Ensure all IT policy and procedures are documented and updated according to regulatory standards, deadlines are met, approvals obtained,
guidelines followed, repository usage understood, and repository / system of record up-to-date as defined by the IT Governance program
Interfaces with internal and external requestors as an escalated point and reviews IT artifacts for completeness and satisfaction for the
delivery of quality services regarding important issues / priorities, and deadline-sensitive information.

MIS Technology & Procurement Analyst 06/2005 to Current Company Name City , State

Incorporated corporate wide procedure for ordering software so that every order is tied to a license, a purchase order and an install point.
Instituted stricter software installation procedures to help insure only licensed software is installed ona company computer.

Incorporated additional Software Media Control Retired obsolete workstations and software packages by implementing a PC Reftesh
Program and Standardizing software titles.

Created a software inventory repository utilizing Microsoft's Share Point Responsible for managing all technology purchases and licensing
activities,

Centralized and streamlined the technology purchasing activities across JAG to improve speed, reduce costs, and ensure proper record
keeping ofall fixed assets and software licensing.

Maintained License Compliance for our International and Domestic offices Created and enforced Security policies, Procurerent policies
and Compliance policies Configured Triactive discovery tool, performed software metering and other tasks Negotiated million dollar
contracts with vendors such as IBM, Microsoft, McAfee, Symantec etc.

CeCe nhac eM Mica cee elsnms) Pwo Cee ree ORO EC cCR i Ruesr esi me mame rlivenKeCe Km
