OWNER SENIOR GRAPHIC DESIGNER / UX DESIGNER / APP DEVELOPER

¢ LINKSLINKSLINKSLINKSLINKS
e dLINKSLINKSLINKSLINKSLINKSLINKS
e LINKSLINKSLINKSLINKS

Wrote eral Reininersing

INV Meno OMn Oe cheacneicrsretih mea ned olen Piel ecinimeccers DAME aR rer icralaece Sound
and environmental graphics. Graphic Designer who multi-tasks and manages time well in fiercely competitive, fast-paced environments. Graphic
Artist motivated to work on all projects collaboratively with the design team from conception through to final production.

als

© Excellent commumication skills
© Complex problem solving
© Print advertising © CSS expertise
© Web site advertising CREW SKe (ce euincs
© Website design expert ¢ Proficient in photograph restoration
* Complex problem solving PER Ore ie eecm antes nee un)
© Superb eye for detail Cae cco amciicy
© Proficient in Adobe CS6 © Advanced graphic design
* Website and electronic marketing
Ca genet wen corny
Work History

Owner Senior Graphic Designer / UX Designer / App Developer 01/2010 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Enhance CSS, HTML, PHP codes for the frontend and backend of e-commerce store A- Create graphics for silkscreen and direct to
gament (DTG) printing A- Work with programmers to design online-tool to enable users to personalize their own designs, and provide
access to quality on-demand printing services.

* Translated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach.

¢ Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.

© Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.

Senior Graphic Designer 10/2006 to 06/2007
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Se ur brileurliieR es Oncaea koe Mes eitht oo ocd ILO eprec seca eer! verti ed Ne remn lta e Sco
Disney, and Hasbro A: Researched and shopped stores for new concepts and printing treatrents.
CM Coup ston

Senior Graphic Designer 01/2006 to 09/2006
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Designed girls (tweens) graphics for multiple applications including appliquA@s, embroideries, patches & silkscreens.

* Created cads, line sheets, tech packs, lables & hangtags A- Worked with designer to develop & illustrate new fashion styles for production
aoe Crone ed a conde Ream aan n concn eran eur oneck emuitce

© Designed new on-brand visual elemnnts to effectively convey concepts and messaging.

© Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.

Grint epDecunee Ori owaulal Pl iyaOnyZPA0 Un)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CMA lecec any Psu ed (kee caran meen LeoncReece math cma arco EULA Fem eer he Bie Roe CMe ena) Oe
bottoms, and jeans A- Created Licensed art for Peed sf ES tre cs E eS) Batman A- Worked with screen printers, researched
Pritt omrn accep nnnce Reo Mcrooneknceiba chistes o eur ieatart oe

© Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.

© Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.

© Formntted text and graphics for blog posts, newsletters and other materiak.

(Cry res Bese am Up een eOIPPA iy.
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Peru bees ode tn ease so Geman mela ve tad appliquA@sz A: Conceptualized & illustrated for packaging, labels &
hangtags A- Sourced & supervised for offset & digital printing A- Design licensed and private label art for boys tops and allover prints for
re tonitsa

* Translated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach.

¢ Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.
