GENERAL MANAGER

Summary

company that would offer growth within the organization. I am easily adaptable, maintain a high regard for attention to detail, and I bring a strong
background in coaching/development of tears. I am looking to work for a company that will utilize my talents to the fullest while offering
Opportunities for growth. I want to work within a partnership that will challenge me to my fullest potential

Highlights
© Retail inventory management © Outstanding communication skills
© Store opening and closing procedures «Exceptional leader
CEO ureuaciteics Ce teslixeeaecasl
PMB AEOibeme ie and © Recruiting and interviewing
Accomplishments

T have offen been depended on for training new managers and staff from different locations within the company I work for. A am carat
working on rewriting the Standard Operation Procedures manual as I am fully knowledgeable of the company's standards and policies. A
schivor anes

General Manager 10/2013 to 09/2016 Company Nar City , State Opened a new store location and assisted in recruiting and training new staf

Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.

© Reorganized the saks floor to meet company demands. Design and implemented customer satisfiction metrics. Determined staff promotions
and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. Completed a series of training sessions to advance from Assistant Manager to
Store Manager. Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies. Trained all new managers on store procedures and policies.
Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service.A Analyzed marketing information and transhted it into strategic plans, Contributed to
merchandising ideas at team sale meetings. Worked closely with the district mamger to formulate and build the store brand.

General Manager 05/2010 to 06/2013 Company Name City , State Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints. Delivered excellent
customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. Reorganized the sales
floor to meet company demands. Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts. Completed
a series of training sessions to advance from Assistant Manager to Store Manager. Trained all new managers on store procedures and policies.
Completed weekly scheduks according to payroll policies.

Corona cam cur OU AUURGon ring Krenn Ce Boiac ocd cleo osos ed muah neni cunecene i erdnag
Opened a new store location and assisted in recruiting and training new staff. Design and implemented customer satisfaction metrics. Stocked and
restocked inventory when shipments were received. Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands. Determined staff promotions and
demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. Completed a series of training sessions to advance from Assistant Manager to Store
Manager. Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies. Trained all new managers on store procedures and policies. Wrote order
supply requests to repkenish merchandise. Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. Addressed and corrected sales staff
Cone ices IEE CME Ra odes ontad

General Manager 1 1/2002 to 08/2008 Company Name City , State Addressed and corrected sales staff communication issues in a tactful and
efléctive manner. Analyzed marketing information and transhted it into strategic plans. Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. Wrote
order supply requests to replenish merchandise. Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand. Trained all new
mmmnagers on store procedures and policies. Completed weekly scheduks according to payroll policies. Opened a new store location and assisted
bce nue reRtclines hat acH tim

Apparel Manager 09/1998 to 08/2002 Company Nae City , State Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer.
Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints. Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. Reorganized the sales
floor to meet company demands. Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts. Wrote
order supply requests to replenish merchandise. Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. Contributed to merchandising ideas at team
sake meetings.

brairestbeny

Associate of Science : Biology Florida International University City , State Biology

anc

fluent in Spanish and some Italian

als

Coaching, Inventory Control, Italian, MS Windows, Oracle, Payroll, sales, Scheduling, fluent in Spanish, Staff Development, 55 WPM, Visual
Merchandising
