FRANCHISE OWNER

[Oouw reels

Experienced professional with skills in product development, customer service relations, department operations and organizational structure
development. Extensive knowledge in hiring, training development and team building/leadership in multiple areas, specifically consumer insights,
aE s SOB Le SR tcecta Lge teas ecieacoth

Sumnnry of Skils
© Business Managerent & Development : Aaaernakeeeld
So ae ea
tee Aart a
Cie greece i ecnciane a @lcclet)
aaa chiesrates

- Expertise in development and execution of marketing strategies
- Experienced in social media and digital marketing

PP yoMaitaoneduramctiemuecueieit ncaa eskelivenic

- Solid reputation for fiscal responsibility and budget management
- Well versed in payroll management procedures

- Excellent ability to prioritize and effectively complete multiple tasks
- Great communicator with strong interpersonal skills

ae

Professional Experience

eR B ET e0 C8

Franchise Owner Company Name 14 City , State

Developed and directed all pre-opening marketing activities of the business ensuring brand recognition in the territory and a successful store
diya

Researched market competitors and industry trends to identify potential new products and services.

Datos scimiibeycuenloh ect mrieccuraciiou csr biuiceal eet e i mmbane celui eCna rc

Formuhted a comprehensive business plan complete with clear and actionable sales goals and targets.

Developed and implemented all strategies related to the operation of the business including but not limited to marketing, sales, staff
development and customer satisfaction.

Monitored sakes and service records and investigated discrepancies.

Determined staffing requirements and interviewed, hired and trained new employees.

Tracked and evaluated staff performance, and handled all promotions and terminations.

Created daily, weekly and monthly individual and team goals in order to ensure all of the business’ duties were met ona timely manner.
Seri bee inden Creal eclmcn aul ieeries irae comune Ric

Prepared and compkted bi-weeky payroll accurately and in a timely manner for all employees.

Prepared and filed financial statements such as balance sheets and income statements.

Evaluated cost reduction and program improvement needs by analyzing financial data.

Entered revenue and expense transactions and prepared expense reports.

ernrdntRd nme ncrikenctrens acon ekomeetres intense ca bere nro.

04/2012 to 12/2013
Departirent Supervisor Company Name it City , State

© Developed and monitored processes to ensure the delivery of consistent high quality and cost efficient service to clients.A

Reduced outstanding receivables ftom $32 Million to $6 Million in less than a 12 month period.

© Impknented an inmging program that improved efficiency service to our clients by 60%, saved the company $30,000/year in shipping costs
and reduced about 20 hours per week of FTP (full time personnel)

Developed and successfilly implemented a new SOP to efficiently convert financial data into a loadable file to reconcile our clients!
outstanding receivabks saving a total of 40 hours per week of FTP.

Developed and implemented a reporting too! to efficiently track and mamge all sensitive data being sent to our off shore facility in Mexico,
which contributed to the elirination of 10 hours per week of FTP.

Managed support for 60 clients in the pharmacy financial reconciliation system by developing tools that streamlined their data, allowing
upper managerment and teams to collaborate and identify the current status of the business and where efforts were to be allocated to meet
clients' deadlines and deliverables.

Impkmented strategies across the teams and reduced tumaround time of processing receivables fom 48 hours to under 24 hours without
the need of additional human resources.

Key resource ofa team project tasked with assisting the company’s IT group in the development and implerrentation ofa brand new
phtform that would allow the company improverrent of efficiency by 80%

Specifically, participated in User Acceptance testing for multiple applications on the new phtform

PUR eLt
Customer Development Analyst Company Name i City , State

nw Sr re vo . ar wae Cr ea or ae a Cawerne 6
