CREATIVE DIRECTOR & FASHION DESIGNER
Summary

Passionate about the fashion industry, I wish to deploy my skills by working with a dedicated and innovative team of designers and fashion
professionak.

Seeking to obtain a challenging position as a fashion designer or creative director ina professional, artistic environment where I can use my 15
years of experience in the fashion field in Argentina to benefit the company and its clients.

My goalis to participate and support in bringing current international fashion trends to the market, developing unique styles, and providing beautifil
and practical clothes to the public.

Highlights
CREO esi eainienied © Brand identity development
© Leadership within team work and management = Design conception
© Organization and order © Quality Control
® Communication. CM gc lostes) ines

Accomplishments

Extensive knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services,

including marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sakes control systems.

Extensive knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principks involved in production of precision technical,

Able to come up with unusual or unique ideas about a given topic or situation, and to develop creative ways to solve a problem
Creative, determined and results-oriented individual with excellent communication and interpersonal skils.

Overseeing the purchase of fabric and other material and equipment required for production and design.

Strong ability to match or detect differences between colors, including shades of color and brightness.

schivor anes
Creative Director & Fashion Designer 04/2007 to 02/2015
Company Name City , State

© Designed the complete collection with clothing and accessories, creating original and design garments that followed well-established fashion
fanecs

Directed and coordinated designers team and product developers.

Creative director and head of photoshoot campaign and look-book for 10 years.

Developed the line of colors and material selection.

Conferred with sakes and management executives as well as with clients in order to develop design ideas.
Directed, coordinated, drawing, cutting pattems and constructing samples and finished garments.
Identified target markets for designs examining factors such as age, gender and socioeconomic status.
Provided sample sales meeting products to agents and sales representatives and arranged for showings of.
Sample garments at sales meeting and Fashion Shows.

Involved with acquiring new and used clothing and accessory items as needed to complete designs.

Fashion Designer / Consultant / apparel manufacturer 07/2012 to 09/2015
Company Name State

Offered operations advice and designed lines to present to potential investors.

Developrrent and production of clothing orders.

Consulted on and working with domestic and overseas fictories.

Bringing market trends, color, fabric, trim, silhouettes, print and embellishment ideas to the design process.
moodboards and trend analysis.

oso rireeBiihncorie celal cence

Fashion Designer 02/2002 to 10/2007
Company Name

Responsible for bringing market trends, color, fabric, trim, silhouettes, print and embellishment ideas to the design process.
moodboards

fier ees

Responsible for various items/categories within the collection as assigned per season by the Design Director.

Maintain communication with other in-house design teams to ensure continuity with the parent lines and corporate image.
Facilitate and guided the prototype stage of product development.

Shopped stores for sample

Graphic elaboration of the brand , labels, hangtag,

Special projects for celebrities and exclusives boutiques
