PR & EVENT MANAGER

Summary

Experienced creative marketing professional who consistently delivers high-quality and results-focused marketing content. In-depth knowkdge of
social media and PR management with expertise in identifying emerging market trends.

schivor anes

PR & Event Mamger Jan 2015 to Current

Company Name i City , State

Pee Qeoceiimiceligeleremlaheroeetnibecs

© Manage social media platforms to engage audiences across traditional and new media.

© Research influencers and initiate collaborations.

* Develop a marketing communications plan including event strategy, sponsorship budget, and goals.

© Evaluate opportunities for partnerships, sponsorships and advertising on an on-going basis.

© Coordinate details of events such as venue, flyers, sales, entertainment, guestlist, artist booking, sponsorships, etc.

Social Media Consultant Apr 2017 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Build and execute social media strategy through competitive research, platform determination, benchmarking, messaging and audience
be(aniiines teem

Moderate all user-generated content in line with the moderation policy for each commumity.

[Oenkonunslkaenicne

Continuously improve by capturing and analyzing the appropriate social data/metrics, insights and best practices, and then acting on the
siefevennat hoe

PR & Social Media Manager Jan 2013 to Jan 2017
Company Name i City , State

Develop a follow growth strategy for social media.

ex: 180k followers in 2013 vs 2.2m followers in 2017 on our Instagram) --Manage PR & Social Media Coordinators from 20 international
regions and make sure their follower growth rate is constantly increasing,

¢ Manage the brand's Social Media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Tumblr, Youtube, Viva Radio, Snapchat,
etc.) --Develop a marketing communications pln including strategy, goals, budget and tactics & a media relations strategy, secking high
level placements in print, broadcast and online media.

Research top influencers, competitors, and trends.

Plan and execute events, influencer marketing, celebrity outreach, media monitoring, and product placement for social uses.

Create timely and engaging content optimized for platform used and intended audience.

Scout and photograph influencers and models to feature on social media to create new contents.

AY iG ecB Oe MESO SRO RZ eRe seen CUTN Lee

Analyze and report social media actions on a weekly basis for successes and new opportunities,

Create engaging and professional visuals that reflect the brand.

NIA Ave re aD ge acee set eemnen coer ea evce

Attend networking and educational events.

Review marketing analytics weekly to nmke informed decisions going forward surrounding social campaigns, influencers, messaging, etc.

Media Specialist Mar 2017 to Oct 2017
Company Name i City , State

Develop weekly social & influencer programming across accounts.

Manage local and intemational account managers to produce all imagery, tags and captions, and make edits as needed for cach account and
planned post.

© Identify tastermkers in the social communities as they relate to the brand and build partnerships with brand advocates, influencers, and other
creatives.

Ensure Paid Social campaigns are set-up and properly QA‘d.

Curate and grow social images on website, ensuring that page is updated daily with shoppabk user generated content.

Srtteel ep gece CaenicneeRen Saco yee rslcmenlicleneemie enesei mane cee

SA UTRO SMEG Lestecnee mond ceed RUB LOMUmeOnTeniicaninebaunleiineb elena

Report on performance and growth on weekly and monthly basis.

Support aligning domestic agencies to create and execute an year-long strategy, including events, to increase brand awareness.

AN led ekarinchenes/ 26 )auderasie ne vescekolam

Media Manager Oct 2017 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Manage media inquiries and interview requests.
¢ Create content for press releases, byline articles and keynote presentations.
© Build rehtionships with thought leaders to grow industry awareness.
