APPAREL ZONE SUPERVISOR.

RStrnerstag

Expert retail sales professional offering 4+ years experience in multiple retail settings. Focused on exceeding sakes goals. Punctual retail sales
professional focused on exceeding expectations and buikding customer loyalty. Flexible schedule and strong communication skills.

arene

¢ Cash handling accuracy Employee scheduling

fi
CMe Oonuaeniegsncetiey : rina
Pee col nar liignncag Pacer en
¢ Strong communication skills eens eens
Experience
a LSE Seg

December 2016 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and comphints in person and via phone.

Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.

Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience.

Key holder/zone supervisor responsible for monitoring floor, manager approvals, money handling responsibilities, 2nd and 3rd checks on

EPA R oatarencm ots es om EB raat menuibealheinecectis sno inclu Me ee lNciem Samra roa

PRO osx Leo anki LMA PDE Ral od cee aoa naan eer Sree iE PTO Cee cuem lsarimicucccc ted
truck deliveries, actively kaming about products.

¢ Operating cash register with 100% accuracy.

SMB Wolinbegecstinece eaticeks vem

(Oe iee Ledli nr ce SCM orl iane cnt naar ced
December 2014 to Decerrber 2016 Company Name 1% City , State

© Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.

¢ Compkted all point ofsale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register. Verified that all customers
rece toe Bioee CB emi baim rtae lates

Handkd all customer relations issues ina gracious manner and in accordance with company policies. Welcomed customers into the store
Bia raion eelCR Om) Llca ecg alates ome een cating cea caw lelvom clatter cae eb i aimire eclen eka ccs
Piedra cml ndenakean sinner eer hit ramU nl pneeniancalsonamcis hal enmge nce mrrenanane ciate
guidelines to present visually appealing displays. Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and
UPA Nea Renee oo bete Sen When REET Crtibad baci ctRencoinambaat Singh aid
relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.Strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal staffing levels at all
times. Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities. Communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member.

Manager
January 2014 to December 2014 Company Name 1% City, State

Compkted all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register. Verified that all customers
Kova Net mrond MOM baie Mia on Oniinl CePRurce inom eacumne ys ieanincnagzwatieet eb ones ia rll Cts ce ie
friendly manner.
¢ Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses. Maintamed established merchandising
standards, including window, sakes floor and promotional displays. Preserved a perfect attendance record for 11 months.
* Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, saks floor and promotional displays.
¢ Strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal stafling levels at all times.
CRs Sc icin lnc cr nein ciseimeccinor et iaveanstacbraner ey clunice eee ei pand
opportunities. Followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays.
¢ Mentored new sakes associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.

Saks Consultant
December 2013 to January 2014 Company Name 1 City , State

Se Eine aclrysaiiee Riga ean mre leiccetiecdlemncn yanked Maus ome sane kan buds Og
Po Me eee ce eigclu nicl RNB LUM Een mg LaccE Deen com Od Cte dpa ece eR eee ane N aan os) ace

PO cise Ronli ie pom ene ee ped olgies eines Nowa RMIc nono Racine) caer cere
promotions. Welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items. Educated customers about the brand to incite excitement
Bled cen nce RC RSC ole CA Lob naccanicerc ecm heigl comp ne mentnze SAN OMNLens cael
With the management team to implement the proper division of responsibilities. Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an
appropriate manner. Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.

Education
High Schoo! Diplom : 2009 Penn Foster 1% City , State Graduated with 3.6 GPA
