MEN'S SR DESIGNER - FREELANCE
Rtsrerstag
Innovative and artistic professional with 20+ years in the fashion industry. Passionate, creative, resourcefill, dependabk,, efficient, strong
commumication and organizational skills with the ability to troubleshoot problems. Enjoys working ina fast-paced, dynamic environment with the
ability to work cross-fimctionally as well as independently. Laser focus on details and achieving the desired results. Experienced in price
negotiations, costing of mterials.A Proficient in product development, well rou nded Fashion Designer fiuriliar with the compkte product creation
life cycle, from initial concept to retail sale.
Shannen

Peel ece ce ket ut hs dM MC oee emcee re birenite sks @1icy

Sots B Ele cel) oc MMR Coneleg io albon

¢ Superb attention to detail Pasa lsietclccbeecy erat

Accomplishments

‘Traveled to Asia and Europe for international trend research and there inspiration A
Eddie Bauer, Best Product Wins 2013 - Award for Materials Development.

lar ane

Company Name March 2016 to February 2012 Men's Sr Designer - Freelance
(OAS

Cee Nene REO LOrr neues uk a@Ncnnin

(OWN

© Consultant on Womnn's design, styling and fabric quality and trim selections.
¢ Merchandise seasonal collections.

¢ Work on seasonal color palette.

Pie Nesela escswe ral piseicibene om (anise

¢ Planning seasonal style count and color assortment.

Company Name July 2012 to October 2014 Associate Manager - Materials Developer
Or NSC

es Ta Aelaee Orn Rune SclresnS Lodde RUC Se sien eer keen inlet rege
Provide fabric/trim trend research to design in support of the product development process.

Work directly with Mills during the rmterials development process.

Manage fabric/trim deadlines and tracking to meet seasonal TACT.

ee ete kemeciitice enc RCCL eb atAOn Tee ever Renee

MO eee hes Rod naen Ceram hr onanleeinnterl ites karin nngrcugesc Bsa amr e|
uphold the authenticity and personality of the brand.

Fabric/Trim price negotiating to achieve the best price and IMU.

¢ Partner with Design and PLM's to ensure that appropriate material are selected for the product.

Company Name March 2010 to December 2011 Sr Designer - Freelance
LO ARSC

Company Name July 2005 to Noverrber 2009 Men's Sportswear Designer
(enn

Se UE bray nra ge ula geod ok Ob roam a iccdcte Ret mer beS mr Cco ica itl mT EuCiIE OMIT oer ely

SOc ke taiy aol cu R oo MUNI HE on oa ar id peste linet oa mrcatoen stne ecm

* Proposed color palette for assigned category(s) and participate in color process, including defining lab dip needs and color-way
Cae rerun gene RNY od nasa od este

© Work as a teammenber in identifying general color direction ona seasonal basis.

Developed fabrics/created pattem work and trims with our domestic and intemational vendors.

Company Name September 2004 to June 2005 Men's Bottoms & Outerwear Designer
Oran

Responsible for designing and managing the TB Men's Colkction Pants and Shorts as well as the Outerwear program each season.
© Developed and created technical sketches for the garment styling and construction specifications.

Daily commumications between the Hong Kong vendors on development and production issues.

© Knowledge in fitting garments.

© International travel to Hong Kong to work with the liaison office and fabric/trim vendors.

Company Name March 2001 to September 2004 Apparel Product Designer II
CO WARSI

© Designed seasonal collections for the Men's and Boy's Sport Athletic Groups (Classic, Retro, Basketball, ILE, Training and
Headwear/Accessories) as well as the Two 3 Men's Street Casual Line (Knits, Sweaters, Woven, Denim Outerwear and
