CASHIER
Professional Profile

Responsible Cashier experienced at managing front of'store needs in busy environments. Friendly and energetic with strong communication and
organizational abilities. Secking role of increased responsibility where strengths in service and sales will be valuable. Results-oriented Cashier
motivated to exceed expectations and deliver exceptional service to meet all customer needs. Resourcefiil professional with history of increasing
business revenue and decreasing shrinkage while exceeding sales and productivity objectives.

Worked with customer service to resolve issues.
Rotated stock to maintain freshness.

Operated cash register with proficiency.
Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.

Qualifications
© Customer service mindset * Mathemntical strengths
PECLepulieanng © Strong organizational skills
Ce Xcccubraltnibraiarinticcy « Active listening skills
* Excellent verbalcommunication ¢ Seasoned in contlict resolution
¢ Enthusiasm © Energetic work attitude
© Cheerfillness Cae vaitenanenmel polenta
© Efficiency Pa oilebereyasiuel
© Professional appearance © Opening/closing procedures
schivor anes
Company Name City , State Cashier 08/2011 to 12/2014
© Receive payment by cash or credit cards.
© Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to customers.
POU snes ccikc enna nouMnc ict kcal sei snucmiconcuevemlalnecmsrie aera ckeraliied
© Cleaned and straightened work area.
* Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.
¢ Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.
ci
cd
CJ
ci

(Oe ANE LO AECL ee PC RORI PAU!

Use OM CCRC NoMa nouiMMcO RiGee ial sere nucniconcueveml la lnecbsrieelacce rae
Greet customers entering establishments.

Receive payment by cash, credit cards.

Operated cash register with proficiency.

Worked with customer service to resolve issues.

(Olrusiesbvauctta mbes) Lem

Company Name City , State Front Desk 04/2014 to 06/2014

© Responsible for performing manicurist and pedicurist duties.

© Provided customer service support to assist customers with their individual needs.
© Worked with customer service to resolve issues.

© Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.

© Cleaned and straightened work area.

Company Name City , State Apparel 12/2014 to 07/2015

Described merchandise and exphin operation of merchandise to customers.

Maintained knowledge of current promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Placed special orders and called other stores to find desired items.

Recommended merchandise based on customer needs.

Operated a cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.

Guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape.

Adninistered all point of sale opening and closing procedures.

Exphined information about the quality, value and style of products to Influence customer buying decisions.
Replenished floor stock and processed shipments to ensure product availability for customers.

Company Name City , State Grocery 07/2015 to 112015

© Executed cash transactions quickly and accurately.

PEC ec ENC SOn eee

¢ Handed products and equipment in accordance with safety and sanitation guidelines.

© Directed and managed all finctions of the dairy, frozen, produce and bakery departments.
