ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Summary

Experienced Administrative Assistant with extensive background providing support to college Dean of Student Success, Associate Vice President
of Student Affairs and Vice President of Student Affairs. Technically proficient, with experience in using wide range of computer software and
systems. Provided support and counsel on projects requiring confidentiality, independent thinking, and competence. Processed budgetary issues,
employee records. Triaged and managed student needs. Assisted in college wide committees and projects.

Core Qualifications

© Microsoft Office Suite

Cee TElicl

© Power Campus

© BlckBoard

© Student Affairs Record System (SARS)
¢ InageNow

PES oneica @xllb@anom iii)

Professional Experience
ORE Or Otievang
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Company Name i% City , State

Responsible for administrative support fictions for division Dean.

Maintain schedule and coordinate plans for meetings, including logistical, catering and technical needs.
Provide support services for department faculty.

Supervision/Managerent Provide oversight for the federal student worker.

Process and approve payroll for staffand student worker.

Budgetary Support Maintain budget for Schoo! of Education Undergraduate and Graduate programs.
Process requisitions and purchase orders for all School of Education budget lines.

Maintain accurate accounting records.

Bbcle Sine B resent o ge cee ab elLam

01/2005 to 01/2011
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Company Name 1% City , State

© Provide administrative support to the Dean of Student Success and Vice President of Student Affairs.

In this capacity, responsible for: Administrative Support Responsibke for administrative support fimetions for senior level college
administrator.

Coordinate and prepare all files for discipline and judiciary level actions for both the student and the Judicial Hearing Board.

Maintain schedule and coordinate plans for meetings, including logistical, catering and technical needs.

Develop metrics on student servicing levels.

Provide support services for a professional staff of forty, maintaining balance between student appointments and their academic and college-
wide responsibilities in faculty union enviroment.

Design report temphtes for efficiency monitoring of student mentoring book Joan program

Monitor Faculty and Cadre hours to ensure budgetary compliance.

Supervision/Managerent Provide oversight for the Student Success Center front desk staffand student workers.

Participate in training new staff both professional and support.

FCOe Ka alts One ic aco an ness ene Cc

Siclnibravs iene eae mln vec eonm en cane

Customer Service Effectively communicate with students, parents, staffand faculty in accordance with FERPA (Family Educational Rights
Privacy Act) regulations.

Assist with College's call center during peak periods.

Train all new employees on SARS schedulng management system.

JENNIFER BODEK 2 Budgetary Support Provide support to the management of Student Success Center Operating Budget.

Maintain budget for Title IIT and PECO Minority Male Mentoring Program grant finds as well as other smaller grant fimds within Student
Affairs.

Process requisitions and purchase orders for all Student Affairs budget lines.

Maintain accurate accounting records for federal grants.

Streamline College's Foundation book Joan process to students, resulting in more efficiency.

Technology Support SARS Administrator and Super User (scheduling management system) for Student Affairs; act as software systerrs
contact both inside the college and point of contact for benchmarking information.

Provide support to all Student Affairs staff on projects requiring use of basic office software.

01/1999 to 01/2004
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Company Name 1% City , State

Assisted with all daily finctions of'a small family-owned sign shop.
