PRODUCTION CONTROL/ SR. MERCHANDISER

Seeking fulltime/contract position where I can use my engineering, management background, Operation knowkdge, merchandising and analytical
A ICE Tapp iret

Nails

¢ MS Excel: Pivot table, Hlook up; Viookup, moderate macros, advanced fimctions.
¢ Access, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook., SAP

Accomplishments

cy

er ee ee ee ee

Taken training on different type of stitching machines like SNLS, DNLS, F-O-A, W/B attaching machine, 5-thread, 3-thread, bar tack,
Palerates i ecotnee eB iystiva ite cm

BN te oem myc snrege (om

PPC in washing departrrent, and also handling production of washing dept.

with all type of washes like enzyme wash, DV, MV.

PX Conair sm Olaralclwett ny bcm

Attended the course on “Computer aided Textile Design" By Canada-India Institute Industry Linkage Project at L.D.C.E, Ahmedabad.
tae WO UC UP LN Ue.S I DLOn Se

Atirescle om

Participated in "LAA Teqnix" Tex Icon-Smarter 2005 At L.D.C.E.

Pinecone

Experience
Production Control / Sr. Merchandiser Sep 2009 to Aug 2011
Company Name

CMW O atom come aee Pree tO RUAN atedpenial kei omerencenesecrar es ysimicg le cciupcs Ra SOO RIS ECT

iii orranaeekeonio cectbacenbren attics

Coordinated with planning team to review and procure materials to achieve manufacturing build requirements for multiple product lines, and
ORTEGA Reruiveanieeeg uence eral a taiscncmincetee linea callout wea ualelE om

(OO cackenio ka cal ne a miked Pekuer sae eal al cere e Aalst uececcc Me a etBleCen ene LOLRISeetn sy
chain tools and performance metrics.

PTs ee UP oe OE Teme TaN Meni nme aumeteeelacce geet] Cty

Negotiated pricing and fabric requirements with international and domestic buyers as well as customers.

Coordinated to buyer for pricing ,approval, production time, shipment.

Evaluate vendor quotes and decide suitable to requirement.

Internally coordinated with sample and mass production team on day to day basis.

Responsible for managing supply using SAP.

Communicate to local vendor for pricing and supply.

Successfilly managed approval of fabric and design strike off with different international buyers.

Birt

Responsible for monitoring quality of fabric, design, final quality of products and inspection.

Europe Buyer: Metro Poland, Real Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovak, Real D , Kaeppel , CNC, Real D etc.

Artex Apparels, Gujarat, India- (Manufacturer & exporter of chikiren wear).

Assistant Production Development Manager Dec 2006 to Aug 2009

Co-ordimte and follow-up with buyer.

¢ Strong follow up of the purchase orders as per the "Time & Action Plan" (Fabric T & A, Production T & A) from sampling to shipment and

ee

Rrorelieanweadimecesnale ni borlitce

Prepare cost sheets of and negotiate with buyer.

Control the costing during production.

Execution of production according to planning,

Make sampke with more stitching friendly and full field with buyer requirement.
Impkment new ideas with cost and time.

Translate ideas from the designer's drawing-board to the factory production line.
Managed fabric inventory.

le Co ecticnenet be ccncney cone dusmouenesacoseunguutirana
Buyer: “International customer’-European company "ZANNIER" which has total 27 brands, RNA landmark group.
Donrstic customer’ LIFESTYLE, PANTALOON & RELIANCE.

Trainee engincer Jun 2006 to Dec 2006
Company Name

Rok and Responsibilities:
Ganment training: Received 3 month hardcore training for, stitching of bottom wear PPC, Quality Control sys.
