BUSINESS OWNER
Rirareraag

Results-driven management professional with extensive experience for large-scale businesses and entrepreneurial endeavors through innovative
leadership, market research, and identification of new business opportunities. Recognized as an effective leader with excellent interpersonal and
communication abilities. Work well in diverse team settings, handling multiple tasks to meet important deadlines.

Acne oenaeanacd
Business Owner
February 2002 to January 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

Planned, created and executed Wornen's contemporary clothing store from idea to opening. Managed all fimctions of store operations. Developed
engaging visuals that increased sales while enhancing the consumer experience. Produced novel and unique concepts for merchandise presentation.
ESB redKe cea be RWU AI one Ra Srceb iG cata SILC

Apparel Production Coordinator
March 1994 to April 2001 Company Name 1 City , State

Generated sketches and tech packs for Missy apparel line. Ensured quality control standards in areas of lb dips, print approvals and strike-off.
Knowkdge of Lab Dip process and procedures. Facilitated daily communications with intemational and domestic offices.

Business Owner
October 1997 to February 2000 Company Nanx i City, State

Planned, created, and executed Women's contemporary clothing store. Developed a private label brand for target customers ftom initial design
Leave dec ahe Meccan Tom aE cMneb eh Cac iauei nenteneeuiraieesnrer mmr enc kennsaienee cy
regularly to identify opportunities, hbels and trends. Built a reputation of credibility and responsiveness with vendors.

Sweater Production Coordinator
January 1990 to May 1994 Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for research, design, and developrrent of Missy sweater line. Provided design expertise that reflected trends, whik focusing on key
details that made them work for a broader audience. Communicated with intemational factories on a daily basis to provide sample comments
through all stages of the development process. Created color and seasonal trend analysis, concept ideas, silhouettes, presentation and mood
ees tece

Education
Bachelor of Arts : Fine Arts: Painting University of Colorado 1% City , State
Associate of Arts : Fashion Merchandising Art Institute of Colorado 1% City , State
