PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER

Professional Summary

Seasoned ormi-channel professional skilled at collaborating with multiple stakeholders to determine audience interest and develop strategic go-to-
market plans that align with the company's business priorities and initiatives.

Core Qualifications
© Excellent Communicator * Influential Leader
* Probkm Solver CY Cote eckc any.
© Highly Organized © High Productivity
* Collaborative Team Phyer
schivor anes
03/2016 to Current

Product Marketing Manager Company Name i City , State

* Responsibk for the execution ofA new product development and Marketing strategies withinA Outdoor and Golf categories via global and
domestic sourcing partners.

© Conduct market research through market competitive analysis, customersA’ needs and trends to identify product gaps and sakes

opportunities.

Th) orrens rica Uned TOMO hres ee ea nec Lenieom lee caunemitn (au comin eB ATE CRIES Om est Ce

Conduct financial calculations to maintain productsA’ profitability and analyze financial reports for the support of strategic recommendations.

Execute copy and images to be included in marketing collateral and brief the creative team on jobs and photography direction of products.

Develop marketing tactics including annual printed catalog, e-blasts, direct mail, digital marketing, press releases and social media.

Impkment Continent level catalog and promotional pricing strategy, analyzing competitive offerings and protecting profitability.

Create presentations for internal and external communication.

Work collaboratively with cross-fimctional teams to execute recommended solutions that improve the overall category success.

04/2014 to 03/2016
Site Merchandising Manager Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Responsible for creating the online assortments, digital promotions, and sales & metrics ofall Ashkey Home Store product.

© Impkmented merchandising, product placement and navigation strategies to achieve product volume and financial objectives.

* Researched and analyzed consumer behavioral characteristics, Ecommerce trends, and retail landscape to stylistically interpret and react to
emerging market conditions.

A lettd eco SOM UCt Clim OriGene Memon cries Feit eects occ iisrsnceontotnect ca nelicartnd cy

* Used Adobe Onmiture and Google Analytics to analyze traffic patterns and keep record of customer behavior and shopping patterns.

04/2012 to 04/2014
Assistant Category Manager Company Name i City , State

¢ Responsible for maintaining assortment responsibility for $32 milion dollars in annual saks.
© Merchandised and manage storefronts, site branding, and promotional product maintenance.

* Strategically planned and achieved overall goals of department- continually measuring to ensure profitability.
© Developed long and short term promotional plans relating to trends and marketing opportunities.

PE Ccrenictmibi ch wath nnmclep oe angen bimiraatini

05/2011 to 04/2012

Assistant Trade Marketing Manager Company Name 14 City , State

ese eps) mOMU LT ONCE A Ria Caecee ce Om esbagel ote e Bracco nen ml Binion oc minn ames ce
Developed all trade marketing materials and communications.

Piire lebron me ulcers ounces locates] cmeraatinid

Developed content and promotional pricing strategy.

Analyzed customer data, segmented accordingly, and targeted with relevant prograrrs.

Created strategic marketing plans to evaluate the product mix and positioning.

Continually improved brand strength and credibility with marketing and promotions.

Created monthly sakes reports, PowerPoint presentations, and comparative graphs.

05/2010 to 05/2011
Assistant Buyer Company Name iA City , State

© Responsible for buying for S6 million dollars of product: including maintaining margin, demand saks, inventory kvels, and marketingof
products for the catalog and website.

© Continually improved brand strength and credibility with marketing and promotions.

* Maintained an ongoing understanding of the target market and competitors.

¢ Launched company Facebook page and maintained Website Blog.

CO) TPAC RR eC
