ACCOUNT MANAGER/BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
schivor anes

Account Manager/Business Development , 07/2018 to 07/2019
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Responsible for simplifying diagnostics and improving global health by providing advanced and supporting advanced health care solutions.
Identify, select, and develop distributors and end-users qualified to successfilly represent CTK Product both domestically and
pinlcaersiLenialiva

* Colkborate with current customers to develop new business and/or to expand existing businesses within the assigned region.

Negotiate pricing agreements that balance the needs of the organization with the needs of the customer as well as monitor and analyze data
and market conditions to identify competitive advantages for new and current customers.

Conduct market tours, meeting with end users and distributors to collect market feedback, conduct business planning, make product
presentations, troubleshoot and train distributor sales staff

© Representation of CTK Products at International trade shows in Europe and Latin America.

Engage in opportunities and propose effective strategies by performing cost-benefit analysis for positioning CTK products within each
Parle ms

Outline and record the market environment and business potential related to CTK products.

Manage distributor quotas and purchase levels ofassigned accounts to ensure achieverrent of assigned CTK sales targets.

Ranked as the #1 Account Executive that finished quarter 2 with a 4% increase for the year.

Reach quarterly sales targets and work with the sales team to develop strategies and implement brand strategies to ensure a consistent
marketing message.

Responsible for generating new Research Use Only accounts to enhance the CTK products in the United States.

Laboratory Consurmbks Sales Representative , 07/2017 to 05/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Acquired deep knowledge of IMEB's lab equipment and supplies, service offerings, and business processes.

© Managed incoming sales leads which included responding to incoming inquiries that are considered to be nor-strategic or transactional
accounts within the United States and Latin America.

© Used knowledge of the industry and market, specifically customer and competitor trends, to build and grow the new and existing customer
base while achieving a defined sales goal.

© Developed and implemented a business plan to expand business and maintain a pipeline of opportunities to meet or exceed sales objectives.

* Led and participated in presentations at conferences and special projects as required.

National Sales Executive , 06/2016 to 07/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Provided and promoted the best quality nursing uniforms as well as selling add- on services such as lab equiprrent, supplies, patches and
embroidery for health care professionals.

* Number | Sales producer at Dove Professional Apparel for the lst 3 years of their saks history.

Developed new clients and business by prospecting, cold calling, attending national conferences and responding to business kads.

© Maintained a high level of customer service and increased revenue streams with existing customers as well as leveraged relationships to
Coote Bb stn econ

Ako monitored and reviewed customer sales activity and made adjustments to processes and strategies as needed.

Made customized presentations to various accounts which included onsite visits, problem solving workshops, administrative follow-ups and
master knowledge of the Dove product line and value proposition...

Market Analyst/ Business Development Specialist/ Client Advocate , 01/2010 to 06/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Generated sales leads by contacting library staff member's pre-registration industry conference lists, seminars, websites enquiries, client
Chinen Re rane ieoas

Provided clients with regular account reviews in an effort to elicit open communication with respect to the value of services and upsell
additional products and processed long-term agreements contracts.

In charge of reporting, tracking, evaluating a client's progress on their Technology Roadmmp, whik staying mindfil of critical impacts to the
client's business needs.

Suggested and implemented creative pricing and payment solutions balancing customer needs and pricing policies.

Worked with multiple business departments (legal, finance, marketing, operations) to develop solutions for growth and developrrent of
operational best practices.

Supported the requirements for customer licensing and monitored accounts for compliance issues.

SETS eR EN ar er cB ata aume be PAL MORO UR PAU)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Conducted job performance reviews, manage staffand personnel issues, supervised customer service and directly responsible for meeting
and exceeding personal and team sales goals as set forth by Store Management.
© Managed the orientation and development ofall Cosmetic Consultants to ensure increased brand awareness, productivity and saks.
