LEAD MAINTENANCE MECHANIC
Summary
Lead Maintenance Mechanic with 7+ years experience specializing conveyor equipment, sortation systes,

alg

Ekctrical Maintenance skills including AC Motors, sensors, and controls.

Mechanical skills focused prinurily on the repair and maintaining of as

© Experienced in spare parts inventory, and ordering,

ener anette OPS Ave nnmtodclranaaraure cer ehins
A Specialized focus in working with Crisplant $2000 series tilt tray ko
Re aie TCP/IP protocol stack.

eens ‘cation both written and verbal. Proven track record of on the job skill advancement.

schivor anes
fee NaN AO NARS DECC oL cal (ool OPU CR hele ar
SHENelee tena y elt UheomCE RY Minaninecn\ycurineae

Tho sicetree cto meimly(oansliece

Provided onsite technical guidance, and skill development to maintenance team

Planned and executedA the preventative mintenance program on various conveyor systems.A

Coordinated with various levels of management across the distribution center with regards to equipment service and avaihbility.
Oversaw and performed various facility maintenance duties.

Handkd all parts purchasing and coordinated with vendors regarding lead times and availbility.4€<

Continued to work hands on with all equipment.

Served as primary point of contact for technical issues requiring outside vendor assistance.

Served as onsite IT contact for issues regarding connectivity.A

Impknented CCTV as an an IP solution, installing and configuring Hikivision servers in an enterprise network.A

Developed and implemented equipment preventative maintenance program, primarily utilizing the MS office suite. Maintained data and
accountability pertaining to the program.

Company Name City , State Maintenance Mechanic 06/2014 to 06/2016

Performed preventative maintenance on mechanical systems, primarily conveyors.

Performed Unscheduled, and emergency repairs on mechanical systems.

Replaced Gearboxes, reducers, sprockets, chains, and most mechanical drive components.

Modified mechanical systems where possible to improve equipment reliability and availability. Including specification of altermative parts, and
maintenance methodology.

Made basic hardware modifications to control systems, specified replacements for obsolete motor control components.A
ZosOriieePAGa omen snatreia

Performed troubleshooting, replacement, and repair of various motor, and control components including: Photo Electric Switches,
Encoders, Tachonvters, Inductive Proximity Sensors, Limit Switches, Emergency Stop Hardware, Speed Control (VFD), PC Back
Planes, Solenoids, Float Switches, Pressure Switches, Motor Starters, Motor Overloads, Branch Circuit Protection,

Worked extensively on Belt Conveyors, Live Rollers.A

Specialized in the repair and Maintenance ofan $2000 series Crisplant Tilt Tray Sortation System

tanlah roar siaccrmramanurcnter ti nee

Operated with minimal supervision.

COO INANE LOM AEC CRUELiKc ecm tantilaTe Pee ORISA!

Maintained various mechanical systems, primarily conveyors.

Maintained various electrical systems, primarily on conveyor systems.

Maintained, and repaired industrial battery chargers.

Maintained industrial batteries.

Performed various facilities maintenance duties as needed. Maintaining high bay lighting, egress lighting, exterior lighting etc.
Installed various CCTV components, cabling.

Installed Ethernet cablng A A

Company Name City , State Maintenance Helper 06/2011 to 06/2013

Assisted mechanics with preventative maintenance on conveyor systems.
Assisted mechanics with electrical installations and repairs.

Performed basic facilities maintenance.

Assisted with the assembly, and repair of warehouse racking systems.
arorinenuncrlretoree casera Lae cw.y

Company Name City , State Warehouse Associate 01/2010 to 06/2011

Perform general warehouse duties pertaining to open stock.
