CEO / PRESIDENT
Executive Profile

Senior marketing executive experienced in the music, sports and entertainment industry with an ability to build market presence. Track record of
accelerating growth by creating and executing integrated marketing and strategic marketing programs that improved visbility, sales, and account
base. Product Development Social Media Marketing Strategic Marketing Planning Multi Media Marketing & Advertising - Print, Broadcast, Web
/ Internet Leadership/Team Building Brand Image Development & Management Promotions & PR Managerrent Vendor & Sponsor Negotiations
Market Research & Competitive Analysis

Skill Highlights

Product Developnent

Social Media Marketing

Strategic Marketing Planning

Multi Media Marketing & Advertising - Print, Broadcast, Web
Leadership/Team Buiking

Brand Image Development & Management
Ucereltoice a we \olinan ens

Vendor & Sponsor Negotiations

Market Research & Competitive Analysis

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Successfiilly developed products from the ground up to produce substantial revenue growth.

Launched successfull marketing initiatives for new clothing lines with first year sales ranging between $1.8 M - SISM in sakes
Collaborated and worked with record labels in accomplishing sales of over 100 M albumand singles sold

Expert management capabilities include strategic planning, P& L accountability, budgeting and supervision.

Forged innovative partnerships with businesses, sports & music agents through joint-developent alliances.

Highly profit-oriented; committed to increasing efficiency, and maximizing the contributions of cach employee.

Arecord of success managing advertisement agencies, sports and music agents to achieve record success with marketing initiatives.

Achieving $10 M in retail sales for Artist ? rapper T.I's Akoo Brand during first year of business

Professional Experience

January 2011 to Current
Company Name City , State CEO / President

A fill service branding / marketing consultant company who's goals and objectives are to achieve the highest standards possible in
oi aar incest ater cOn

© We are committed to Our goals and priorities which are to offér a service that enable Our clients / brands the best opportunities to increase
Nigga eciecomU natin cicinentc) aera Neca pated om

© We approach all clients projects with a high level of competitive creativity and fhir as well as to service Our clients at the highest
professional level.

January 2011 to Current
On ANE LO AE o CRO eclince Bien eeliias

Successfilly developed products ftom the ground up to produce substantial revenue growth.

Launched successfull marketing initiatives for new clothing lines & music album rekases.

Expert management capabilities include strategic planning, P& L accountability, budgeting and supervision.

Forged innovative partnerships with businesses, sports & music agents through joint-development alliances.

Highly profit-oriented; committed to increasing efficiency, and maximizing the contributions of each employee.

Arecord of success managing advertisement agencies, sports and music agents to achieve record success with strategic marketing plans and
initiatives Responsible for daily operations of company Implemented marketing strategies and special event planning for the clothing line.
Collaborated with marketing / public relations agencies to secure strategic partnerships with artist , record labels etc to secure product
placement / endorsement opportunities for brand exposure Mamged a national sales team of 8 (5 sales representatives 3 sales assistants)
Negotiated advertising rates and placed advertising with prime print media outlets, websites and blogs Led all marketing efforts ensuring
oon sa AMOS enna eae tal eco erly

Collaborate with sales to build and execute effective retail marketing plans to build exposure at brick and mortar locations and popular on
