DOCUMENT CONTROLLER (CONTRACT POSITION)
SSiap esta
Dedicated and technically skilled business professional with a versatile administrative support skill set developed through experience as an Office
Mamager, Customer Service Representative, Administrative Assistant and Buyer
Highlights
CO ica inisynanun’
Team Buikiing & Supervision
Staff Development & Training
Yel ie coe a a rucost ceil)
Report & Document Preparation
Spreadsheet & Database Creation
Accounts Payable / Receivable
Bookkeeping & Payroll
ewe CRU BatLent ane
Meeting & Event Planning
cna Velanaian’
Expense Reduction

Experience
Docunent Controller (Contract Position)
April 2016 to May 2016 Company Name i% City , State

Administration of the document control system.

Ensure the accuracy of the change orders including but not limited to documentation, revisions, and required approvers.
Examine documents to verify compliance, completeness, and accuracy of data.

Control document database ofall documentation that will allow secure document retention and corresponding files.
Meera ance urcm OR anarl xeon ancrce rome y a

Neeme nie moo enme ween Cues mece ncn y a aubi sie\a ana

Prepare graphs, charts and presentations using MS programs and other software to support the QA/RA Leadership team
Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related inquires as needed.

Weer E RAN ann RncemcsNanoncciurcd@ AO rliNaymiTicrane

Rental Coordinator
PAUP RROD contol mR @one lia N iii ent. B Ol SmI EI CG

Assist in daily rental operations in accordance with established operating methods, policies, procedures and state / federal regulations.

COIS Panola ear hicketcmueiinmccd snd obi sete naclinesirel ecm (Reser Lnrcme erratic Beanie

PANS man OVEN eaea rpm Cn ase

COSC US CURRED een cCHIee etH ee Re IC uT NCR Leb use nisl

PE etm wea card cmcaan ecu abetce

ev che meee enc miccd rE ua aac in cn

Maintain records on all rental equipment, monitoring location and condition ofall equiprrent at all branches, both daily and as part of the

form inventories.

¢ Maintain filing system and assist in fielding incoming calls Provide clerical support assisting Rental Manager on Projects, spreadsheets and
rien

© Work with all department and employees to insure quality of customer service.

Network Technician Assistant
APE RRP PL eterna ciety LOST

¢ Install, maintain and repair of voice, data, and video network systems (and other related network teclmologies).

HSH eo iat le seers aria cence CM ie R NOLES

© Resolve network-related work requests, and may performa review before a project is started or during a project to ensure adherence to
technical specifications and standards.

Impkrrent solutions and follow standard operating procedures, whik being abke to communicate with customers to discuss alternative
technical solutions.

Troubleshoot problems by probing users for information rekvant to solving probkm based on standard operating procedure or script.

Office Manager
March 2008 to December 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Monitoring of sick staff, personalvacation kave, punctuality, compliance issues and dress code.

¢ Monitoring of costs/ensuring competitive bids services and office products.

© Maintain records dealing with cash receipts, receivabks, inventories, and payroll and accounts payables.

Cesar duocritermnsicrnccricelname utes

© Prepare all payroll checks using QuickBooks Conduct daily production meetings Distribute mail and arrange travel for staff
