DIRECTOR OF ENGINEERING
Executive Profile

USE Te upc m ce donean cuenta god She sonic Vcnvcancneee netenia pSauinece eae cr enN On erent
operational performance and improving customer's satisfaction. With responsibility that have crossed all kevels of managerial responsibilities

ea eR US aoa RO eSB CN Bec Miran Cm OMe R Ree Mr ncn mecranitenmenira Bees cch Nz slit
to be proactive in ensuring customer satisfaction. With managerial responsibilities in managing plant operation, engincering departments and
SeaClear han iencm @ecan eae Ra NOM nin ccPac nicotene mcrae tint
Six-Sigm certification, which provides me additional skills to pursue my passion. I aman individual with extensive experience in the operational
and managerial elements it takes to optimizing a production operation, while control cost and its relationship to financial efléct on the organization.
Striving to improve operational methodology and operational sequences to reduce product cost. Studying operational ergonomics in efforts to
Slee ORL Cea LMS Ley cE seeds nanos itl Eoneado tubes nartenm Ygencr aneck cs)
eR aos meer oeuin ce EU MRI Cunard rcmcom asia wen h ok cna eiRolca kroner
continuous improvement process to achieve the desired goals. I excel in the ability of combining diverse backgrounds of different individual into
Ore e edly eee SiciccluBublurasrcrky aura eb cared

Skill Highlights
¢ Product development m .
+ i Thre Managenent Studies
° kan cae © Total quality management
a aes ia ee
" ia ling expertise Ca oiia Pander’
Se lt STC
Sia indeii a Sia Expense Controlinvento!
" ry Control
: ed aie ¢ Labor Cost Controls
© Negotiation Skills
Core Accomplishments
Ure) eum\yitesynasnane

4€¢Impkemented a monitoring project reporting project comparing projected project cost to actual project cost with the purpose to provide
management information conceming effect on projected margins. This resulted in margins increasing from 3% average to 18% average.

SR eile yen crn RMEL CCN Essien sicevee ncn morsem ince aK IE Rb Tee Con ya
by $750,000

a€¢ Reorganized finishing and distribution operation into a teanYgroup operation, which resulted in decrease in cost by 20% -30%.

Professional Experience
Director of Engineering Jun 2013 to Jul 2014
CeO NAN pen A OLS AEST!

© Management ofa staffofengineers performing PRE-COST/COSTING fimction, conducting PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
Pee dice res sue nbs OO NTINC Os HONS arang aati vas

¢ Work Inprocess analysis and develop efficient production line set-up for efficient production methods

¢ The Development of the technical data and instruction fora LEAN MANUFACTURING PROCESS and PRACTICES to ensure that
manuficturing management has the best information and tools to produce the product in in the most efficiency and profitable manner.
New PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT and interpretation of blue prints and technical data

en Hinne cucu Rename Lone nierilanneneonein sin nca eee ge lvurh obra rep icererar eet |
assembly process to increase profitability, which is one of my many strong points.

CB RU UU Er MIDeT OAD AYE ncmcri a mAU Ley cen ete weirers

Costing Manager Apr 2003 to Dec 2009
COO HAN nny A OLS ASI HTC!

With major responsible was establishing the bill of material structure including direct labor hour calculation fiom CAD drawing and motion
time analysis to determine the different Ievel of cost factors in the manufacturing process.

With extensive experience in the analysis of the production process to determine actual cost I was able to generate monitoring devise to
report activity conceming margnn fluctuation.

Experience in developing and operating systems to monitoring and establish material with usage ofa MRP system

Talso developed project progress reporting comparing projected project cost to actual project cost to monitor and provide management
information of progress efléct on project margins.

© This included ekctrical components, steel fabricated component, and tooled components based of Cad draws and regulator standards.
Proposed and implemented Kean manufacturing techniques and continuous improvement manufiicturing concepts training to improve tums
and reduce manufacturing cost.

Se RC CRUE niecis eau ick cde ecn i niaOe cae pagans thereto Na
