COORDINATING MANAGER

Summary

Administrative Operations: Special events, meeting, and travel logistics; correspondence, fil, records, and database management; project
administration and executive-level management *Sales Support: Client service, accounts management, problem trouble-shooting and resolution;
contract administration, order review, and shipping management; sales tracking and reporting *Communications: Business writer, proofreader, and
editor; knowledgeable in medical terminology, policies and standards such as HIPAA *FinanciaVBudget Administration: Budget oversight, invoice
verification, requisitions, expense tracking; purchasing, supply, and inventory management.

alg

MS Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and MAC, Lexis Nexis, Soarian and MediNotes EMR
schivor anes
Coordinating Manager 09/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

Manage annual updates of procurement policies, standards procedures and guidelines to reflect changes in the operations including
reguhtions, risks and best practices.

Provide Executive level support to the Executive Director and Deputy Executive Director.

Liaise between all departments and residents to ensure proper communication and reporting practices with comphints.

Manage contracts between the facility and the dialysis centers.

Assist with managing the Quality Assurance / Risk Management Department with Board Reports and quarterly Performance Improverrent
seis

Manage the Department of Health (DOH) and Joint Commission (JCAHO) annual survey files as well as the upload for the Plan of
Corrections (POC) to the Health Commerce System (HCS).

Oversee Corporate Compliance updates for each department and ensure annual staff training,

Provide technical/administrative support to department heads regarding the data management system.

Serve as head Requisitioner for various departments and provide technical support to staff coordinators for Procurement Suites System
Serve as a member of the Culture Change Committee.

Create and manage excel data base for Risk Managerrent incidents and fall analysis.

Manage and process agency staffinvoices for the Pharmacy and Rehabilitation departent.

Assist with managing Human Resource in annual evaluation audits.

cor Pacou nab PU CUR ORU OSL EMO ria Nite ON MME

Provided administrative services to the Executive Director.

Managed all calendar events; schedule all meetings, made travel arrangerents and prepared all itineraries.
Acted as a go-between all departments to ensure proper communication and reporting practice.
Maintained and updated all Polices and Procedure docurrents for various departments.

Conserved general filng system and filed all correspondence.

Program Associate 12/2005 to 07/2009 Company Name City , State

Housing and Community Development.

Managed, at grantee level, the Housing & Urban Development (HUD) comprehensive housing counseling program, including the annual
grant proposal, affiliate contractual process, data collection and entry.

Reviewed grant applications and conducted conférence calls with potential sub-grantees.

Analyzed budgets for sub-grantees and commumicated results to program directors and CEOs.

Provided technical support to 35 Program Directors in data collection system & program assistance.

Developed standardized work procedures to improve work flow, including E file and database.

Wrote and prepared annual, quarterly, and special reports and contributed to the department in preparation of request for proposal and
other correspondence.

Supervised administrative staff in achieving departrental goals and ensured staff compliance with deadlines.

Scheduled and organized internal and external meetings, conferences, luncheons and events.

Updated and maintained calendar; acted as ‘right arm!’ and "gatekeeper" to Senior VP of Housing.

Processed monthly expense reports utilizing spreadsheets.

Heavy calendar management; meeting and conférence call coordination and all logistics pertaining to the meetings and conference calls;
travel arrangements (domestic and intemational) and all other travel logistics such as air, ground, and lodging.

Completed on-boarding process for all new hires; entered requisitions and help-desk tickets for systems access requests.

Developed progress tracking tools to assist in affiliate evolvement gain-loss analysis for fimding,

Established and maintained files in-house and offsite adhering to all records retention policy and procedures.

Conducted field audits to ensure compliance with federal grant requirements.

Sales Executive 03/1997 to 12/2005 Company Narre City , State

Maintained relationships with existing customers through regular review visits.

Visited potential customers to demonstrate products and gain new markets.

Contacted clients by phone to negotiate terms ofan agreerrent and conclude sales gathering.
Negotiated variations in price, delivery and specifications with buyers.

Researched, analyzed and reported future buying trends back to employer.
