EMBROIDERY MACHINE OPERATOR

Ritererstag
To find employment with a good reputable company with a chance to advance to the best of my abilities and job skills.
alg

¢ Customer Service © Embroidery muchine operator
Ces it oy PRS an nice ie nine arl og

¢ Phanmcy PEK onberepebansltaned

e

Nilewaccee alc ¢ Filng/ office skills

Say

enone Naa cr SON corr am Cai cone USAR CTA VETTE
Phammcy , and The Pharmacy ofA Pocoh.

Saks Assiocate : at JC Penney, Goodies, Medisav Phanmacy, WalMart
Pharmacy , and The Phanmcy of Pocoh.

Office Skills: Telephone, Fax machine, Filmg, Copier, Customer Service.
PXVotreceB ole oaseunemucc ance ny menue geyeaizalbeesl |
Be

Experience

01/2014 to Current

oie ona isamLeke arom un NaN CI ay ALO ISABEL

© Embroider shirts, jackets, hats, and others items as needed.

© Meet incoming customers and provide immediate assistance.

¢ Compkted purchases with cash, credit, and debit payment methods.

© Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeabke repsonses.
¢ Provided expert product and service information.

© 2001 to 1-28-2014 I was a stay at home mom.

09/1999 to 02/2001
Office Administrator/Pharmacy Teclmician in training/ Sales Associate Company Name ¥% City , State

Conpketed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods. Office worker - in charge ofall office duties including computer skills,
telephone skill, faxing, medical billing, customer account billing, filing, insurance claims, and customer care.

Pharmacy tech trainee- helped fill prescriptions,

WW ddecomcertonanmn bc ccemin ue a oMCc annem tne Rul rramce ay oom

Boreas rantcHn cn iecarcen mmny ecnlaane ore com

Increased purchase totals by recommending additional items.

Organized items in visually appealing manner.

Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeabke responses.

Created attractive displays.

03/1998 to 09/1999
Phanmcy Technician in training/ Sales Associate Company Name 1% City , State

© Increased purchase totals by recommending additional items.
e
Pharmacy Tech trainee- helped filled prescriptions, customer service.
CRW ceecomcersonantn cbc eccmin ucla eno Cem
RSs Coreokernas eccHni be ciarsen Obs rny scrlaane lonely com
© Compkted purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods.
¢ Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeabke responses.

OATS OR Abe)

Saks associate Company Name 1% City , State

WW camo uecatsoneneneBory ceeminn ice laicniccniy em

bce Rae ones en nine Racoon e cae a

Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.

Leon yee rie eR Re Mactan cRe Cee U medi pescMnucciacgeluei ied Oni pee nest tranueeceeli Leia Rican
le yetieccBon mu bustslineleedinaniti ad

Worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels.

Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses.

Bo
