INTERNAL AUDIT MANAGER
Summary

Dedicated auditing professional with the accomplished ability to work independently and as a team member to successfilly achieve project goals
let Gels eetines

Highlights
* Informtion System Audit and Control Association ISACA)
¢ Sarbanes-Oxky
© Project risk and controls
* Business process review

© The Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA)
Cae iclainedean erence
CEN enddlengenciuanen

schivor anes
Internal Audit Manager 08/2012 to Current Company Nar City , State

© Effectively executed complex post-acquisition audits for Software as a Service (SaaS) acquisitions including planning, developing targeted
Pirelaxen etn Reenee rece eemi aye cimiqneicy

© Responsible for assessing the audit universe, auditable entities and risk environment for internal clients to align with the annual audit plan.

Liaised with senior leadership to help identify upcoming market trends and manage emerging risk.

Responsible for planning, delivering and managing internal audit for Consurrer Services, Healthcare and Automotive business units (greater

TU To aN eaceth)

© Partnered with stakeholders to discuss the accuracy and impact of audit findings, identify root cause and collaboratively develop timely

remediation action plans.

Revamped the legacy internal audit report and scope docurrent terphte to include qualitative and quantitative content.

Manager of Internal Audit 08/2011 to 082012 Company Name City , State

© Led the the business risk assessment with intemal clients to develop the North America annual audit plan.
© Assessed the aged inventory reserve methodology for inventory valued in excess of $55 million resulting in a potential discrepancy in excess
of $2 million,

Director, Internal Control 10/2006 to 05/2011 Company Name City , State

© Designed and implemented the Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program company-wide managing 45 control owners and six co-sourced
Bret os

© Prepared and presented status reports for senior management and the Audit Committee at kast quarterly.

© Strengthened governance polices, risk based monitoring controls and training which reduced key controls by 35% and compliance costs by

PA

Re-designed the ITGC compliance program, saving $100,000 annually and enhanced the effectiveness of the control environment,

increased process and controls ownership, and accountability.

Led the design and implementation of Oracle's Internal Controls Manager (ICM) and reviewed and validated the the Conference Room

Pilot (CRP) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) results and docurrentation.

Responsible for standardizing process narratives, flowcharts and key controls documentation for 26 detailed process narratives and 325 key

controls.

Director of Corporate Compliance 09/2004 to 10/2006 Company Nanr City , State

Developed and executed the annual Enterprise Risk Management assessment to assure the audit plan was effectively calibrated to the
organizations key business processes and aligned with the risks by materiality, exposure and priority.

Designed, implemented and managed the Sarbanes-Oxky compliance program for both the domestic and overseas (Hong Kong) office
which included walkthroughs, process narratives and key controk.

Led a cross-fimctional team responsible for docurrenting key business processes and collaboratively assessed the key controls.

© Responsible for conducting testing of in-scope audits, analyzing test results and collaboratively develop a remediation action plan in
collaboration with the process owners.

Manager, Senior Living and Properties 03/2003 to 06/2004 Company Nam City , State

CRN one sR recele te irci bes

© Developed a business growth strategy, which included the construction ofan additional assisted living facility to complement the senior living
division, increasing the occupancy rate by 9%.

¢ Negotiated new vendor contracts and payment terms for supplies and services, realizing a 10% discount and improved tens.

Manager of Internal Audit 08/2002 to 03/2003 Company Name City , State

© Performed the supply chain process audit, identified redundancies and reduced store receiving bor by 60%.
* Developed labor analysis program to assess warchouse pick time, error rates, local receiving labor resources and cost processes to
PrabnLaea eRe homies
