2ND LEVEL ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER, OPERATIONS MANAGER MANAGER, SALES & SERVICES MANAGER
Summary

RETAIL | OPERATIONS [ SALES MANAGER Clent-driven, quality-focused retail manager with proven track record of top performance

Retail leader with profound and broad expertise in every aspect of store management. Critically evaluates and minimizes operational costs in
context of store profitability, Creates and promotes caring customer service program for entire staf—. Coaches every employee toward individual
goak. Establishes retail enviroment that encourages positive customer experience and promotes realization of sales targets. Core Knowledge and
Skills Retail Merchandising, Recruitment & Retention, Operations Store Planning & Design, Team Leadership, Coaching and Mentoring Profit and
Loss, Loss Prevention, Personnel Training and Development

Highlights

schivor anes

01/2004 to 01/2009

Company Name City , State

2nd Level Assistant Store Manager, Operations Manager Mamager, Sales & Services Manager 01/2012 to Current

Managed nearly every aspect of store operations.

Trained and developed store staffin customer service techniques.

Monitored and implemented corporate programs in sales, shipping, and merchandising.

Directed large store team to.

create a sales environment that consistently met expected sales goals and reduced operating costs.

Managed team.

of 25, including hourly employees and specialists.

© Entrusted with the most complex customer service issues including personal and commercial purchasing accounts.

Assistant Store Manager 01/2011 to 012012
Company Name City , State

* Responsibilities consisted of managing and recording profit loss and key performance indicators, Communicating.
¢ with buying office about chssifications and styles for product inventory, and Managing and maintaining all records and documentations
including invoices and employee files.

Soft Imes Manager, Apparel Lead 01/2009 to 01/2011
Company Name City , State

Responsibilities consisted of Constructing visual presentations, Managing payroll and training of department associates, and Commumicating
with vendors and buyers in regards to inventory of product.

© Leadership Known throughout career as a hands-on project manager with strong expertise in team management and prioritizing,

Ensured that employees recognized the importance of their contributions to the whole, and demonstrated to each one appreciation for the
value that he or she delivered to the store overall,

© Developed significant reputation for leadership due to excellent relationships with employees and willingness to kad by example.
Professional experience continued Brenna T.

Walsh page 2 Sales / Profit & Loss Management Motivated staff to create a clean, enjoyable environment with appropriate product
avaibbility,

Trained copy center/cashier staff'as well as floor staffin superior customer service while maintaining highest levels of understanding of
company policies and procedures.

Controlled profit and loss daily; maintained accountability for period-end reporting.

As inventory captain, evaluated inventory and ensured availability of products on shelves; conducted store transfers to ensure products in
store; ran daily reports and did audits to better control inventory levels Eamed title of special projects captain due to ability to organize and
execute large-scale department reorganization, including refits and retrofits for new products.

Customer Service Set the standard for impeccable customer service; trained all staffto excel in the customer experience Tumed customer
service lapses into positive teachable moments that improved staff perception ofneed and accountability Targeted and achieved weekly
"customer experience" metrics goals of 9+/10 ratings,

Personnel Development Coordinated training of each employee with corporate training materials Coached individuals; achieving a
promotion rate of ~35% (one to two kevels above original position) Worked with vendors to develop product training from product sources
Delivered well-executed and helpfil annual reviews; developed significant reputation as go-to source for help on review wording, delivery,
and execution of employee reviews as well as overall operations of the store.

brairestbeny

High Schoo! Diplomm Monroe Catholic High Schoo! City , State

Associates Degree : Business Managerrent University of Alaska Fairbanks City , State Business Management

Business Managerrent, Present Florida State College of Jacksonvilk City , State Business Management, Present

als

cashier, corporate training, Customer Service, delivery, inventory, Leadership, Managing, materials, merchandising, excel, office, page 2, payroll,
