SR. FREELANCE DESIGNER/PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

Summary

Product Development Manager/Sr. Designer of Apparel, Packaging, and Graphics. Responsible for delivering the fashion needs on a wide range
of products. Ability to collaborate with the Product Development team, to execute production. Create trend/there boards, color palettes and

Pein noe CGS Conn Lio ga een ECR Gag ean bce che aea LIS ASU ne CUE ee ECan
compkte specifications for each style. Area of Expertise: Strong fabric knowledge of Cut n Sew, Woven's, & Sweaters;A A A A

Skills

Adobe Creative Suites-Illustrator, Photoshop, Indesign-CC, Microsoft Office- Excel, Word, Power Point, Lotus Notes, Outlook. CAD- Ned
Graphics-Easy Weave, Easy Knit, Coloring and Repeat. Working knowledge of U4ia and Kaledo. PDM/PLM.

schivor anes

Sr. Freelance Designer/Product Development Manager 07/2012 to Current

Company Name City , State

CMA Chiccttuuxceiheeveinawilelenieiiueebslirbnice el sceec WecRlnsiodedaeave Queranee(asntilenasin

Execute all product details including construction, detail, color, form, style, fit, graphic application, trim, etc.

Worked directly with clients through out all stages of development to production.

Worked with clients in selling and designing the interior of their homes at BALLARD DESIGNS/POTTERY BARN KIDS.
Developed packaging for multiple apparel /footwear companies with TIX/AVERY DENNISON.

Designed graphic design -t-shirts/pet wear with B POSITIVE PROJECT/PETRAGEOUS DESIGNS.

Designed Chikdren's apparel including sleepwear, sweater sets, rompers, dresses for BABY TOGS/BABY FAIR/ZUTANO.

Sr. Apparel Designer/Product Manager 10/2002 to 06/2012
Company Name City , State

Managed and developed product development process.

Designed artwork and graphics for specific classifications in apparel focusing on Men's, Ladies, and Children's appareLA

Worked with product teams to build and design garments that fit into a costing structure whik providing new and exciting assortents.
Cross fictional leader Ied all teams including merchants, overseas offices, management, and product development to drive accountability
and enroll the team in the commitrent to meet the business objectives.

Use relevant and appropriate resources to accurately determine, anticipate and validate current and fiture trends, competition, retail
landscape and business drivers.

Grew Chikren's Sweater business from $100,000 business to a $10,000.000.00 business in 10 years.

Designed 600 unique styles ina 4 month period of tine.

Saved 30K on print development by utilizing artwork and prints from all departrrents.

Monitored production flow in accordance to the company calendar.

Reviewed WIP (work in progress) reports to ensure on time delivery.

Provided accurate sketches including detailed close-ups for technical designs.

FAP COR HO nCM Pane hicd diKel em Cn Mee eM eRe CMB seo yore cruMmiee BUM Ole eeE GUO

Trained and mentored team of 3 Designers and 20 Freelance Contractors.

Senior Designer/Product Manager 09/1999 to 10/2002
Company Name City , State

Merchandised and designed the product line for children's and junior’s cut -n- sew, and woven fabrications.

Supervised the sourcing process to achieve the best possible cost throughout the creation process.

Managed sourcing and ordering of fabric yardage, and trim details for specific classifications each season.

Created and utilized PDM to design sketches and specification pages.

Attended all fittings for prototype meetings and production samples.

eS SOE CMP reese bemucmeehiaad

Partnered with team throughout the development cycle from initial tech pack, print and fabrications to end product.

Responsible for completing all technical line drawings, keeping visual needs up to date, building detailed tech packs.

Present effectively and confidently to all levels of the organization Prepares global price proposals using established tools and guidelines.
Consulted with Buyers and MMC when competitive situations arise.

Traveled to overseas offices in Asia 2-4 times a year to ensure correct fabrication, development, and execution of production was accurate.
Strong organizational, time management, communication and presentation skils.

Managed 2 designers, created and mentored the designer's pathway for growth to be prompted.

Home Textiles Account Manager Company Name City , State

Managed developrent process from design to implermentation- home dA@cor, candks, seasonal products, domestics, and home textiles.
Worked with the overseas factories to sample, negotiate price and package the line iterrs for sale.

Worked with buyers in development and offShore sourcing for seasonal programs.

Presented and merchandised plan-o-gram with Buyer for seasonal programs and end caps.

Worked with the designers on creating bedding, and window treatments tocreate a mix and match line.
