ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER
Core Strengths
© Visual retail experience in fashion and design
* Experience in store remodel, store reopening, store transition
Stamina to engage in frequent lifting
Ability to interpret a variety of diagrams
Microsoft Office, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Publisher, MS Outlook
Adobe Photoshop, Karat, CAD, Easy Weave, Easy Knit, Color Reduce and Clean
Cee elitcielten mo smut eBcculN

Aug oanan at acs
10/2010 to Current
Assistant Store Manager Company Name if City , State

Ce @erterceR cos bares a nwa PUr UN Kelas mics

© Analyzed sales daily to develop daily goals for the store and associates.

¢ Prepared monthly scorecard for TM visit resulting ina average score of 95.

¢ Focused on Bailey's mission to be the friendliest store in the mall increasing store's conversion 25% over last year to 26.6% for the year.
© Created training to bring awareness of additional categories.

© Lived the core values set by the Bailey's.

ORB}

Assistant Store Manager Company Narre it4 City , State

Drives for positive results through effective coaching and reacting to the needs of the business.

Builds and develops high performing teams by setting challenging goals and holding associates accountable.
Consistently maintains and grow a personal base through the use of client books.

Impkments the monthly VMG to make sure the store is visually appealing and help build upts.

yc s il come euCME Thee ibe saiCccm BNSC BtisItyuC LPC umtl SaUnle

Ze ue hat ROS casi AUC rretctrl ce Brea mms ey eccL era MTLeB Acie sle) eben it Lom

Performs all other duties and responsibilities as directed by the SM, DSM, and RSM.

eTaZeT EMCO PAU Ce)
Assistant Store Manager Company Name if City , State

* Ensure Making Worn Feel Beautifil is the top priority at all time.

¢ Understands and demonstrates Chico's FAS, Inc Values with both customers and team.

© Maintains constant and timely communication with the SM.

* Prepares weekly and monthly commumication for recap with the SM.

© Able to performall fimctions in the Guiding Principles for Stores (GPS) and MARS Principles for Stores (MPS).
© Encourage and coaches the store associates in developing their retail skills.

02/2007 to 04/2008
Peston ay ni am OU NANPA Ome

© Efficiently manage everyday activities including daily maintenance and inter-department projects.

Impknent all key impact statements, monthly and seasonal merchandise, according to standards, with primary goal of projecting the store
Bem MDcoeet Bris

Rotate merchandise to create fresh statements based on sale promotions and new inventory within point of purchase categories.

Schedule associates with corporation set labor hours to ensure all department needs are efficiently met.

Conduct preliminary interviews in absence of Training Supervisor.

Assist with training new associates ftom performing basic transactions to core recovery standards.

Provide excellent customer ina timely manner offen acting on customer dissatisfaction in absence of store manager.

Tracked daily diamond inventory including checking in new diamond and other fine jewelry inventory.

11/2005 to 01/2007

Peston ay ni am OU NANPA Ome

UPA ROBE TPAU th)

Visual Merchandising Specialist/Retail Sales Company Name i City , State

Coordinate effective interior disphays that are sensitive to customer and market needs, ensuring company fashion trends are implemented.
Impkment seasonal set/sell planners with strong focus on wall and aisle statements with critical attention to trends and color direction.
Assist Visual Manager in implementing and executing effective and compelling visual presentation and merchandising of store.

Assist Visual Manager in merchandise changes, planogram layouts, overall maintenance of visual displays in the store.

Update and maintain store visuals according to corporate standards.

Plan floor moves, fixture placement, and other visual display placement, arrange displays and fixtures on the selling floor.

Oversee placement ofall merchandise and fixtures in the house wares and children's departments.
