ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Stylist informed by background in art history and design. Dedicated to clear and fruitful communication through delivery of unmatched customer
experiences. My interdisciplinary studies in art have taught me to approach my work with a contextualized perspective and ingenuity.

als
* Graphic design, composition & illustration
© Writing & Proficient Typist
© Microsoft Office Suite and social media platforms (Instagram, Twitter, Facebook)

© Painting, drawing, sculpture & weaving
© Yoga & meditation, Certified Yoga Teacher

Work History
Administrative Assistant , 04/2020 to 02/2021
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Remotely managed customer service, client scheduling, inventory and monthly profit of product sales.

Personal Assistant to Lead Stylist , 10/2018 to 03/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Personal Assistant to a 2 million dollar book, which we grew to 3 million within a year.

© Personally managed the stylists business; coordinating client appointments, carrying out pre-appointment pulls, executing special orders,

managing internalextemal communications, and overseeing issue resolution.

Curated stylist's personal online boutique, Salesfloor, as well as the presentation of product within the stylists personal appointment room

Designed etagere, jewelry display and the stylist’s personally requested stock (on Mem pieces).

Processed all sales, allowing the stylist to give undivided attention to clients.

Independently led styling appointments as needed. Coordinated tailoring and personal styling during the alterations process.

Styled fill bridal parties, including celebrity clients and a Vogue feature.

Styled &€ccSaks Limitless Clients&€ for travels to New York and Milan Fashion week, where they attended runway events. As well as

styling for gals and benefits such as the Oscar de la Renta Lake Tahoe Benefit.

Assisted and facilitated private country chib MTM Armani Event.

Consistently monitored Stylist's Sales Performance, followed up with strategies to improve performance and successfilly maintain a

trajectory to meet sales goals.

© Organized and styled quarterly fashion events to present latest product arrivals and seasonal trends to Saks management, executives, and
Rice

Front Desk Receptionist, Stylist Assistant Company Name a€“ City , State
Client and administrative responsibilities. Balancing cash drawer & end of day batch processing, Personal Assistant to salon owner.

Key Holder, Sales Representative Company Name a€“ City , State
Saks Representative Company Name a€“ City , State

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts : Fine Arts , 2017

School of The Museum of Fine Arts - Boston

High Schoo! Diplo : 2010

Brookline High Schoo!

Accomplishments

PNP co diren vical s sie iC Oriy eect le COP Scie liicleoms rec lalyclieimc.@Led gO Led ack
Jumpsuit and Newsprint Page Print.

Certifications
Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health, Stockbridge, MA (2016) 200 Hour Yoga Teacher Certification
