SALES CONSULTANT
Summary
Taknted sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and balances customer needs with company demands. Efficiently builds loyalty and long-
term relationships with customers, while consistently reaching sales targets.

Accomplishments

Golden Eagle Award winner

AU DRC nec ceCm Denes

chica Cnc lm cm em rl clarke ed Maer onamcocey ec)
Trained in business development Proven sales track record
Accomplished in relationship selling Adept at closing sakes

MS Office proficiency Iowa territory specialist

North American Monthly Sales MVP

schivor anes

Sales Consultant

Noverber 2013 to Current Company Name 14 City , State Proactively mamges day-to-day activities and supervision ofa team of Customer
Service Representatives. Responsible for targeted results m customer retention, route sales, and A/R collection. Answered customers' questions
regarding products, prices and availability. Responded to all customer inquiries ina timely manner. Collaborated with members of other
departments to complete saks transactions. 2011 Golden Eagle Award Winner March 2011 North America Sakes MVP 3-Time 2K Club
Member. Proactively sought out new customers and secured new sakes for the company. Expanded market share by converting prospective clients
into new customers through providing solutions to all of their business needs. Efficiently prospected and landed new customers while securing a
strong presence for the company within the assigned area.

Operations Supervisor

November 2008 to April 2009 Company Nanv i City , State Delighted the customer by offering a simple yet superior level of personalized and
professional service. Ensured an inviting environment for customers and fellow team members by maintaining a neat and clean store that
exemplified the clean, in-stock store priorities. Maintained proper procedures for cash handling and back end processing of merchandise. Led the
store's shrink and safety awareness program and advised Store Team Leaders of any unusual activities or unsafe practices. Directed associates
PO clbe ets nec teaoce areuniiceinmcl clot i iste tere lanes ncn Leah enmeae ORM oU nh ACR cl cereal gti coy
Monitored operational reports to identify opportunities for improved execution for implementation.

Senior Communications Consultant

February 2006 to June 2008 Company Name i City , State Provided immediate supervision to a group ofemployees, assigning tasks, checking
work at periodic intervals and maintaining schedules. Possessed the enthusiasm necessary to motivate a dedicated sakes team to meet and exceed
sakes objective while maintaining a competitive and fim work environment. Responsible for all operations ofa Sprint Nextel retail store. Familiar
with all aspects of wireless retail including hiring, scheduling, training, marketing, loss prevention, team leadership and keeping up to date with all
local competitor services. Primary point of contact for all employees of the retail store as well as the customer requiring extra attention. To achieve
saks goals, led team in inside sales, outside events, and outbound marketing. Developed a team approach to probkenr solving, encouraged
personal developrent in their employees, and led by example. Responsbilities also included ensuring that all employees are trained and up-to-date
on the features and operation ofall equipment and accessories. Worked as a member of the management team in a high traffic retail environment.
Created outbound sales and marketing presentations for prospective business clients. Awarded Service Star Award for providing excellent
customer service. Performed opening and closing retail duties including reconciliation of cash tills.

brairestbeny

Bachelor's : Marketing University of Nebraska if City , State , US Bachelor's Degree, Marketing May 2003 University of Nebraska - Lincoln,
Nebraska

BS.B.A: Marketing B.S.B.A, Marketing

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

3-Tine 2K Club

I Urewannibe ts

Created outbound sales and marketing presentations for prospective business clients

Skills

Saks, Award, Clients, Marketing, Market Share, Model-view-presenter, Mvp, New Saks, Saks Consultant, Sales For, Solutions, Retail, Retail
Marketing, Operations, Cash, Exceed, Inside Sales, Loss Prevention, Probkenrsolving, Sales Goals, Saks Team, Scheduling, Training, Wireless,
Wireless Retail, And Marketing, Closing, Customer Service, Receptionist, Reconciliation, Retail Sales, Sales And, A/r, Collection, Customer
Inquiries, Route Saks, Service Center, Business Development, Closing Saks, Monthly Sales, Ms Office, Sales Professional, Sales Targets,
Blois apss aor mec Be rirlinom BAlcM Iours aly retinal
