OWNER/ATTORNEY AND MEDIATOR
Executive Profile

EEO As OR waa mae dncbrehyelscrederceacedr) Com err anke) ress MD PLOMEIDM nn antinorticcty a
contracts, divorce mediation, elder care, employment, estates, family aw, probate, property law, trusts, & wils.

Skill Highlights

© Leadership/communication skills © Skilled divorce mediator

¢ Human resources Ce Sele esting anes’

CaN oretabenkosrart Ce Boe breve ar austen eate
LOocw coon sn enaniy

* Awarded $100,000 from Gund and Cleveland Foundations to initiate Cuyahoga County Juvenile Court's Custody Mediation Program serving
diverse, never married parents.

Professional Experience
Owner/Attomey and Mediator
January 2001 to Current Company Nanr - City , State

Gather evidence to formuhte defense or initiate egal actions, interview clients & witnesses to ascertain the facts ofa case.
Asem Caner eRe ACHE MB CoUTiLt nme g tmaae once becom Obese keepalts aice

Asrange and conduct depositions & other discovery to obtain information & evidence relevant to chins.

Determine existence & amount of liability, according to evidence, laws, administrative & judicial precedents.

Evaluate information from documents such as chim applications, birth or death certificates, and physician or employer records,
Interview claimants, agents, or witnesses to obtain information about disputed issues.

Research laws, regulations, policies, or precedent decisions to prepare for hearings.

Recommend acceptance or rejection of compromise settlement offers.

Gather and analyze research data, such as statutes, decisions, legal articles, codes, & documents.

Prepare kgal briefS & opinions, and file appeals in state and federal courts of appeal.

Investigate facts & law of cases and search pertinent sources, such as public records, to determine causes of action, and prepare cases.
Analyze the probable outcomes of cases, using knowkedge of legal precedents.

Prepare documents and conduct transactions: Appraise and inventory real and personal property for estate planning and probate.
Draft legal documents: such as wills, deeds, mortgages, lease, purchase & settlement agreements.

Probate wils, represent and advise executors & administrators of estates.

Negotiate settkents of civil disputes.

Advise clients conceming business transactions, chims liability, and various legal rights & obligations.

FOUNDING & INITIAL DIRECTOR.
March 1995 to June 1996 Company Name - City , State

ese eR EMI ccmurie enon Ol tac R eR @ he Bonnet etc

Developed forms and procedures to facilitate mediation process.

oo titceE mre cates Bilal eles ietcmoene ba ec mrs hinemslne Real bale Bcconicesii onesened tal Om

Conducted initial meetings with disputants to outline the mediation process, settled procedural matters such as fees, and determined details
such as witness numbers or time requirements.

Conferred with disputants to clarify issues, identify underlying concems, and develop an understanding of their respective needs and
peace

Used mediation techniques to facilitate communication between disputants, firthered parties understanding of diferent perspectives, and
guided parties toward mutual agreement.

Prepared Mediation Agreements for disputants to sign.

ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF LAW
March 1986 to August 1988 Company Name - City, State

e ADVISED APPOINTING AUTHORITIES IN DEPARTMENTS OF PARKS, RECREATION & PROPERTIES; PUBLIC
SERVICES & UTILITIES.

¢ RECEIVED PROCLAMATION DECLARING JUNE 10, 1988, WENDY WILLS DAY, FOR LEGAL SERVICES RENDERED TO

THE CITY OF CLEVELAND IN LITIGATION.

Gathered and analyzed research data, such as statutes, decisions, legal articles, codes, & documents.

© Prepared kgal briefS and opinions, and filed appeals in state & federal courts of appeal.

¢ Arranged & conducted depositions, requests for production ofdocuments, & other discovery to obtain evidence relevant to claims &
litigation.

© 6-76 TO 7-80 MANAGER, CLEVELAND, OH
© Prompted as Manager, Assistant Manager and Trainee at four (4) progressively larger ladies apparel departrrent stores in Northeast Ohio.
© Recruited, interviewed, selected, trained, supervised, corrected, & sometimes fired ladies department employees.
