ASSOCIATE MERCHANT
Summary

Resourcefil buyer with over 15 years of developing and impkmenting sales strategies in multiple product lines. Strengths include vendor
negotiation, sourcing consumer products, and promotional planning. A

Skills

© Contract negotiation © Selfdirected

* Sales and trend forecasting © Competitive analysis

© Interpersonal ability © Pricing strategies

© Trade shows Ce giccan tlt en
schivor anes

Associate Merchant 06/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

¢ Driving saks by 17% or $936K in 2016 ona $10M+ category.

© Evaluated and negotiated supplier contacts to support corporate initiatives.

CREA ced emo onmn moma nolo Um online uaa elves ecee

¢ Partnered with Inventory and Demand to achieve the department service goal of 96% to all retail stores.

Cee Celiboieleenieste sam cin ane neste Lice

* Cross collaboration with Marketing to advertise product categories in print, online, and in-store promotions.
PEO cletrieoneenieiiurnemstnaaleeatlivel om Lenya iietnecinetea scr cieane

Buyer 06/2013 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

© Launched product assortments for RFP/RFQ/RFIs to meet client specific paramcters.

Ce erlerce Eines em Shuamen mannan star olm Online wom kre licen t crea

* Developed relationships with existing suppliers and source new vendors for major promotions and client requests.
CMP oveilethoie lege remem onlin Sta rcMILes esi ecm Wlenerdana(a lane

© Analyzed sales data and market trends to present top brands and items to corporate clients.

SMe D oie ne SO MM cm AL ANer cue Rarihadbarsy meine U ame ian em

¢ Resolve any Account Payable, pricing, or paymnnt issues.

Home & Garden Showplace Product Merchant 02/2011 to 06/2013 Company Name City , State

© Identified new vendors and managed over 300 vendor contracts for over 350 garden centers.

Increased sakes by 4% in 2012 to $56 million with extensive vendor/category management and increased retail store commumication.
Developed and presented the True Value Gardens program which consisted of more than 380 traditional hardware stores.
Managed the exhibitor and department floor plan for the True Value trade shows.

Oot Babee ctr cmeccim om iene) ace Orel Grae Ro cecm

Launched a filly fimetional vendor directory for store use.

Supported retail stores with invoice resolution, customer service, and vendor inquiries.

Seasonal Product Merchant 02/2005 to 03/2011 Company Name City , State

Developed and managed seasonal categories worth over $65M in sales.

Introduced a good, better, best strategy to Patio Furniture and increased sakes to over $16 million dollars with an average of 30% margin.
Revamped and updated the Outdoor Living catalog to showcase a diverse product assortment of patio fimiture, grills, and outdoor
dACcor.

Launched a merchandising planning spreadsheet for category analysis, cost optimization, and inventory control

Managed and executed seasonal category reviews to negotiate programs for import and domestic sourcing.

Created advertising and in-store marketing materials with the Senior Buyer and the Marketing department.

Attended industry trade shows to review textile trends and new product hunches.

Associate Buyer 02/2000 to 01/2005 Company Name City , State

© Negotiated new store opening discounts, product selection, and pricing.

© Increased sales by 12.1% from 2003 to 2005 by improving merchandise costs.
© Developed inventory and sales plans for Patio and Grills.

© Created a Grill and Patio assortient guide for retail sales mamgers.

© Designed a rebate center for the Appliance and Seasonal departrents.

© Created weekly and monthly marketing communication to the stores.

Merchandise Analyst 03/1998 to 03/2000 Company Name City , State

© Allocated product assortments and replenished inventory to over 800 stores.
* Formuted monthly and weekly inventory forecasts.

¢ Communicated with vendors regularly to maintain shipping accuracy.

© Awarded Buying Team of the Year for Children's Apparel in 1998.
