HEAD HOSTESS
Riterersag

To whomit may concem, my name is Grace Celsi and I would like to share a few of my work-centered skills all while maintaining prestigious
grades. Some of my attributes I could bring to your company are as follows: Cheerfill head hostess with 4 years helping customers while
supporting teammates and managers. Friendly and conversational when wekoming guests whilst accommodating everyone's needs in the
workpkce. I would consider myselfan expert at prioritizing guest needs and stepping in to help all departments during busy hours. Being a
responsibk and fiiendly team member mikes customers feel wekone, listen to needs and promote merchandise with practiced care and attention
to individual needs. Proficient in merchandising, payment processing and general housekeeping of store areas. Focused, hardworking and punctual
Sl Koxcalansukaemerienecorsi tela kam Sco Breic at betnde emule bea rancor deg ean suecbroaieinmena Ohio reine
environment. Handks diverse child and household priorities by applying strong organizational and muttitasking abilities. Highly responsible and
diligent with strong communication skills. With a background in taking a rok as a sociable waitress, I'mskilked at operating in fast-paced
environments with demanding objectives for sales, service and quality. Enthusiastic team player successfill at multitasking and delivering friendly,
prompt service to all customers. Well-versed in maintaining ckan and orderly tables, making personalized menu recommendations and managng
closing duties such as reconciling cash drawers and restocking items to prepare for following shift.

Sig
Cored eesicaveny Ce Oerretivesios
CEE Chedaxane od * Peopk skills
© Tabk Bussing Peta ugccared
¢ Effective customer upselling ¢ Basic math
© Computer skills Re set ueltis xe here
© Friendly, positive attitude © Relationship management
CMAN onuacire © Child psychology knowledge
© Reliable and trustworthy CR sete r Cel Uieeiicae
Ca tentininsissenrens « Amalytical

Experience

Company Name | City , State Head Hostess 03/2018 - Current

¢ Handkd guest comphints and promoted positive dining experience for all restaurant customers by maintaining pleasant attitude in all
Sita im

¢ Answered customers’ questions about hours, seating, current wait time and other information.

© Consistently received positive feedback from guests and created repeat business by developing long-term rehationships with customers.

* Accommodated guests with children and special needs to promote comfortable dining experience.

Company Name | City, State Apparel Team Lead 03/2019 - 10/2020

Recommended merchandise to customers based on needs and preferences.

Observed customer behaviors to identify security threats and escalate concems to supervisors.

Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for entire store to drive sustained revenue and move target products.

Helped customers sign up for loyalty programs and submitted completed paperwork.

eee RES a MOP ERA RTC mre Cc MCE NUN OR Ne BCOT es auc Ie

Met or exceeded upselling, donation and credit card sign-up targets on consistent basis by leveraging excellent communication and
interpersonal strengths.

eNO ecB cos enc ieMin semen Nera Koriem ni helta ceased Gl cag iss) <meta acne cUumoriiiaecetne kara ane

Company Name | City , State Waitress 01/2017 - 08/2020

Cleared table and bussed dishes to allow for quick setups.

Ned cet oom ORS RST oe) ed ne Oommen Leste dT rms 1

Maintained accuracy while handling payments, giving change and printing receipts to customers.
Resolved customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeabk service.

Welcomed guests with personabk attitude and brought beverage orders whik reviewing menu options.
Date eet erence nem atnep ies cane a1ceich am

Ce ee)

Company Nan | City , State Private Nanny 01/2016 - 01/2020

Performed light housekeeping duties, such as preparing nutritious meals, cleaning laundry, tidying bedrooms, dusting and sanitizing phy
Ercaty

© Engaged with chikdren to create nurturing, safe environments to promote emotional, social and intellectual growth.

¢ Prepared snacks and meals, scheduled and coordinated projects and reinforced appropriate discipline for children according to parents’
BS lealbelLeicn

¢ Aided with bathing, dressing, teeth brushing and diapering to promote healthy personal hygiene and good oral health,

¢ Kept parents' contact information, emergency services phone number and chiki's health history on hand in case of emergency situations.

Education and Training
