SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN'S & CHILDREN'S APPAREL
Summary

Area / Merchandising Manager with 15 year background in managerrent, hiring, developing and merchandising. Highly detail-oriented and
organized. Areas of expertise include conflict managerrent, employee recruitrent, staff development & training.

Highlights
SA Rust @ ceo eR cm NeLeR cA Tp cee om

Team player, with excellent leadership skills.

Fast keamer & driven.

schivor anes

Neco is Om WO eiee AGI tienes ecto

AT PAU RRR Ot cra Gon snarl atROL NmmsiraiCc)

Ce ech ek eto e moar i LeW ml Lens Co ces

* Merchandises and fills in store, according to corporates standards, thru overnights and early shifis.
Oe urorcp rarer terra cobsncdas omtlea ie NCcTd lo) ch Roan crn cae) co.

© Help Manage store with heavy traffic which volumes of over 45 million a year.

® provide LP awareness with a store carrying popular expensive brand name shoes.

Merchandising Executive/ Area Executive
NG ci omUis kore Pee @en ecliveN ct eRy Ren mess

Opened & staffed teams for New stores in New Florida market.

Opened stores from begining process of nothing being in buildings to setting up entire store in less than two weeks time.

Interviewed, hired & trained new employees.

Resolved customer comphints regarding sales and service in stores.

Managed staff, preparing work schedules and assigning specific duties. Trained managers in preparing weekly schedules to cover all aspects

SEN

Visited stores to make sure they Implemented policies, goals, objectives and procedures.

Trained cashiers, authorizers and all managers in cash management duties and running registers.

Cash handling experience from making deposits, making drops daily and counting various amounts of money.

Dealt with Brinks in making sure pick ups where sent in without any Discrepancies. Placed change orders to be able to have change in the

Solem

Maintained database such as balance sheets, and deposit slips on daily basis to accurately have accounted monies for cach store.

Over saw opening and closing of each store in Florida area.

Over saw managers where prioritizing and delegating all assigned goals and task on a daily basis successfillly.

Dealt with tasks like transfers and markdowns in cach individual store as requested per corporate.

Worked with ADP System for scheduling and payroll. Received shipments into computer based system to put into store inventories, and

BISOP MUR On eee ees esd renee rian ccm meses diane nce n

Trained receivers and managers to receive our merchandise.

Resolved any issues with receiving in stores not to affect company's inventory and make necessary adjustients.

Loss prevention:

Identify potential for loss and develop strategies to elirrinate it. Perform Joss prevention interviews to investigate internal theft in stores.

Perform loss prevention interviews to provide promotions of various needs in stores.

Trained store associates from sales associates to managers in the stores to prevent loss in stores and to be more aware in LP.

Held store meetings to implement any changes or tasks in company.

Maintain database such as bag check logs, found censor counts, and censor machine logs to be aware of areas that need to be covered.

Performed cash audits of the store safes and made sure there are no discrepancies. Worked with ADT security alarms when alarms went

off.

Set up alarmcodes for all managers with keys.

Trained and worked with store security to help elevate LP in the stores.

MerchandisingOpened and set ups merchandise for each store.

Worked with various fixtures and display set ups to achieve appeal of stores.

Worked on various size wall standards from sizes of four feet walls (2 section walls) to 16 fect walls (8 section walls).

Worked on full body and half body mannequins to display merchandise to create full appeal, using accessories, jewelry, shoes, purses and

whatever created and compketed the outfits to make the most impact to sell.

Created ly out of the stores to have a variety of merchandise out and reach different customers.

¢ Sectioned store from walls to floor set ups to go with each theme within the store.

© Worked with managers and store level merchandisers to achieve appealing look of store and to be able to have the store stocked and kept
rin

¢ Trained managers and merchandisers in all aspects of merchandising to keep appeal and fillness of the store.

Worked with heavy merchandise amounts ranging from 60 boxes to 130 boxes daily on a Monday thru Friday work week.
