ROUTE MANAGER
Summary

To obtaining a position ma company that will allow me to better use my skills and knowledge to advance the performance and profitability of that
company. Goal oriented, self motivated with twenty years of experience as a Supervisor/Manager of personnel, products, and budgets.

Driven to tackle projects that advance the organization and build collaboration/teammvork among peers and subordinates.

Leader of the consistently, mavber one ranked office for the MasTec Money sales program.

Major strengthens include demonstrated track record of honesty, integrity, and loyalty; sound leadership; excellent communication skills; strong
team player; advocate of self efficacy; attention to detail; highly organized; proficient planner.

Highlights
© Sound judgment
CMO) orli opis siete Me MOTE nearer eect ce
© Inventory contro! ¢ Rehtionship buiking
CRE ccs eee Ghai MESS OCP ICR IED COLE U I Ueyt]
© Procedure development © Troubleshooting and probkm solving
¢ Amlytical © Dedicated
© Teambuilding CERO one vslceesi ts)
* Multisite operations © Contract management
¢ Staffretention
Accomplishments
bestest)

© Served as a Regional Trainer when C ontinuous I mproverrent M anagement S ystem was introduced to the company.
Business Development: A
© Successfilly grew business by [action].

Project Management: A

© Initiated [project] which resulted in [positive outcome].

schivor anes
Route Manager
January 2002 Company Name i City , State

© Built a steady repeat customer base by providing a quality product and exceptional customer service.
© Maintained inventory levels along with current product knowledge daily.
¢ Compkted daily reconciliations, recorded and made deposits of up to $1500.

Sa Elcom
January 2007 to Current Company Name i City , State

© Analyze reporting data to identify areas of opportunity and provide solutions to maximize performance potential and profitability.

© Manage daily operations of assigned DMA's to include personnel, overtime, inventory control, work load, usage of resources, cost control,
and buikling and fleet nmintenance.

© Communicate daily with Business Intelligence and RDO to maintain compliance with performance matrix to include technician scheduks,

skill packages, and a balanced work load.

Coach, mentor, and direct team members of varying levels of experience in support of departmental objectives.

Evaluate team members, making recommendations for improvement and implementing training as needed.

Ensure adherence to company safety guidelines through education, training, and monitoring of daily in-field performance.

Bloch esubinecaices
