BUSINESS SOLUTION PROJECT MANAGER

Skills

PLM (PTC and Enovia); SQL; Crystal Reports; Google Analytics; JIRA; HPQC; QlikView; Cognos; Advanced Microsoft Access; Advanced
Excel; SAS; Power Point; SharePoint; Visio; MicroStrategy; ASPEN; Microsoft Project; JCL; Jobtrac; TSO; CA7; Tivoli; Maestro; Telnet;
FTP; Group]; Unix; Exceed; Citrix/Metafrany; Altiris

schivor anes

Business Solution Project Manager 01/2011 to 01/2017 Company Name City , State

* Technical and process expert on all web-based marketing systems resolved complex business issues, ad-hoc reporting, and analysis for all
departments, such as design, operations, product managers, sourcing, warehouse and international markets consisting of over 700
employees.

Pivotal in the product creation lifecycle to ensure product was retailed to markets on time.

Impknented competitive advantages through quick and easy to use tools and training guides for product creation, e-commerce site
managerent, product lifecycle management (PTC Flex PLM), digital merchandising, asset management and range segmentation application.
Worked with offshore team to implement these changes.

Trained and supported digital merchandising too! to analyze compktive purchases.

Distinguished user requests from the underlying true needs and provided options and recommendations on how best implement solutions to
drive results,

Used Google Analytics and other homegrown applications to analyze user behavior.

Collaborated with the Regional Store Replenishment Managers to reduce ordering Iead times to achieve the target goals by providing store
Dieuibekeaniextsl am

Responsible for analyzing business issues that span across the entire supply chain.

Drive impactfil decisions through modeling, optimization, varying complexities, benchmarking and vendor score cards.

Improved operational effectiveness and efficiency by driving Speed-To-Market components into the seasonal marketing process framework
to reduce warehouse capacity and product liquidations of product.

Followed change management procedures compliance guidelines (SDLM) which includes gathering user requirements, gap and risk analysis,
systems landscape as-is and to-be work streams, write and review functional/technical specifications, create and execute system integration
(SIT) and user acceptance test scripts (UAT), stress testing, process flowcharts, developed SQL reporting queries, develop training
documentation, release notes, cutover/deployment go live activities, IT service ticket management, conduct training sessions.

Lead Data Migration Analyst 01/2008 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

Lead systems expert to review all systems and process to be moved over to new infrastructure for entire company.

Played a critical role to move off existing network.

Recruited to kad the migration implementation of SAP 7.0 Accelerated SAP methodology CRM, SD, MM, WM, FI/CO and PLM
(Enovia).

Moved all existing platforms to new system landscape.

Reviewed and recommended several software vendors to determine best application to fit the business needs.

Executed data analysis, cleanup, and validation reports utilizing relational databases, SQL, and SAS to migrate to new structure.
Developed and wrote SOP Database and process flowcharts to document as-is and to-be processes.

Quality Assurance Data Analyst 01/2006 to 01/2008 Company Name City , State

© Worked closely with quality engineers for new product launch and inspections.

© Reviewed known defects with engineering when developing new product, avoiding costly redesigns.

* Ability to understand changes in trends in both company and category performance, and identify and elevated potential issues.
Cv oer MmcCR ORM em lay emMinecoranl Gb gunikeinmunlnickeniesaminarizattetl™

© Escahted issues/defects as required, to enforce corrective action.

Senior Forecast Analyst 01/2006 to 01/2006 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for direct marketing research and all levels of sales demand forecasting and identify opportunities where the organizations can
become more profitable, and increase revenues.

© Determined and executed decisions on forecast quantities per style for production ramp up and authorize tooling molds to ensure objectives

are achieved or exceeded.

Prepared key information for monthly forecast and buy meetings.

Analyzed and distributed forecasting information to production groups, sales, production, and costing teams.

Provide Functional Excellence in the area of supply chain data & KPI's.

Send reports on regular basis to team.

Marketing Budget Forecast and Circulation Analyst 01/2002 to 01/2006 Company Name City, State

¢ Developed technology efficiencies to track and forecast weekly sales, derand expectations, inventory levels and resource planning to
generate catalog profitability.

© Comprehensive data mining, customer segmentation and statistical analysis to produce catalog mailings.

¢ Analyzed customer performance and target promotions catalog vs.
