RESERVATIONS AGENT/FRONT DESK AGENT/GUEST SERVICES AGENT/PBX OPERATOR
Summry
Highly motivated and effective Sales Representative/Administrative Assistant with extensive experience in hospitality and office settings. Excel at
organization and multi-tasking in fast paced, dynamic, and fluid environments. Accomplished in managing and coordinating various tasks and
schedules. Proven successfull in designing and executing community buikiing and fimd-raising events and activities. Strong team member, capable of
kading and motivating others. Very detail oriented and profession!
als

© amp; Strengths

Pee col Rca ence Dee ae Cns IPO U Mm Tm OTM eBstre|

© Customer Service ~ Telephone & Front Desk Reception

¢ Organization ~ Filing, Database & Records Management

© Research~ Microsoft Office

© Lightspeed

SECU

Experience
Reservations agent/front desk agent/guest services agent/pbx operator
RET atawAU ORR Grace ely sliva iti chy AO mee

PEC cpcr ued auch cn pcan amliclabenrroumicetne ewer in eontalsenege| Ponsa ecl korg
transfers and day tours, inching up selling services Process payment and attraction ticketing Resolve product or service problems Data
ismeb ogous CouguL cE ceo sch eeu OM ence re eM uarae ence m Omran ieee tn Barr ay ied
information ftom the computer, confirmation of guest information and roomate, selection of rooms, coding electronic keys, promoting
marketing prograns, providing a welcome packet and ensuring guest knows location of room and/or has a bell person accompany hinyher
gules Rie ren aera acm aban Ome neneg mS eccar eet annie ecenicoc mised rex eines)
Sie aiMlicai Lame mcucci nce wala Rei ge Cm eoa une brome lca tener Rega NrecmoOnaties Ocean Kernan en
Loren sees geal nee cet e Pane eR Neer ccceo areal eral eem lar eaiinita
to, room categories, roomrates, packages, promotions, the local area and other general product knowledge and answer guest questions
and inquiries Use up-selling techniques to promote hotel services and facilities and to maximize room occupancy Respond to guest inquiries
Phe nea R Ean Coleg so seein cman Mascot Pre brce ete Toners
solutions for guest satisfiction Receive, input, retrieve and relay messages to guests.

¢ Answer heavy volume phone calls.

© Work closely with Housekeeping, Engineering Department Assist operations manager and sales department with adminitrative duties,

Customer Service Lead
Janvary 2015 to January 2016 Company Name 1% City , State

Me eer euiccde ee Lecanto Mean Umcce Oe An co Mo Mee pone minemna sy WETtire mal Rance nae Ted
BR Sela acon

Mea naiarua cul enscdon moan Liens bal aurcoay eminence Tw nee a resale nia Celta
storefront presentation and through empowering associates to ensure customer satisfaction.

Provide kadership to Service Associates working at the registers and coordinate register activities.

em UR Ons rita nahn one DeD Nicer ang cl birat: ate

Contribute to maintaining a safe and secure store environment.

Serve as Manager on Duty by providing store leadership during a closing shift.

Sales Representative
Janvary 2013 to January 2017 Company Name 1% City , State

© Order, maintain, and replenish merchandise apparel at eight (8) high-volume Southern California retail stores.

Se eo ease an caa oom ce octane Oso e ec hegcLemne veri rire re ecunonan kero cel roms) et ean nih necmtns|
ine ecem

© Take warehouse inventory and process, label, and sort warehouse shipments,

STB econ poem CSSHILE
Janvary 2012 to January 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

ese behnnicicl pan Romeo mcc sec eS THUD eee Rc AR OIEp rar Mrrete nisin hance Oe Nd
Eicon ieceine Renu aanneeeoecternr ace

Additional responsibilities included answering phones, updating employee information, maintaining and ordering company supplies, enter
company-wide timesheets, scheduling meetings, coordinating luncheons and company-wide events, ensuring seamless employee
communication, conducting security screenings for site entry, and record keeping.

Assigned to provide administrative and coordinator services to CBRE, the facilities management company for the Edwards LifeSciences
Headquarters.

See chem ir ecnnuceamiiana og Wyre Mica coc Blne Bic eRe CaM Im Gem Ce nee Mere RTT OTM

© Communicated with vendors for month-end aging reports and statements.
