CASHIER
Summary
Responsible Kennel Attendant who remains clearheaded in the face of emotionally demanding jobs. Effectively soothes and manages difficult
animals.Has Experience With Caring for Dogs ofall ages and Has had training at Animal shelter for behavior and Kennel Responsbility’s.
Highlights

5 © Training in food handling preparation
° lateenaarets P hone ° pare aee il
SEE icc La ern eT
cine aaa Sener cast
el calc CEE Ge wc rcstm eh cervesit]
schivor anes
December 2015
to
February 2016

Company Name City , State Cashier Assessed customer needs and responded to questions. Cleaned and straightened work area. Issued receipts
for purchases and gifis. Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures. Organized register supplies.

September 2015

Company Name City , State Apparel

© Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.

© Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.

© Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.

© to Apparel.

January 2013

to

August 2015

Company Name City , State Care-giver Read stories to the chikdren and taught them painting, drawing and crafts. Employed a variety of materials
for chiiren to explore and manipulate in keaming activities and imaginative play. Carefilly monitored chikdren's play activities. Offered detailed daily
reports that outlmed each child's activities. Incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression.

brairestbeny

0

Chandkr gilbert community college City , State , USA Associate of Arts : Early Chikthood Education/English second language Currently Finishing
up First year of college, Majoring inA Early Childhood Education/English second language

2015

Adult Education school City , State , USA GED : High school Graduated 2015

Skills

Problem Solving

Adaptability

[olsen

Strong Work Ethic

Time Management

(Ooh) b nae

Self Confidence

Handling Pressure

Leadership

Creativity
