COLOUR ANALYST
Summary
Creative , detailed, passionate and teclmical results driven Senior Color Analyst who excels ina fast paced fashion manufacturing and retail
environment, leading product development and revenue growth. Design and color fashion forward, everyday-wearable apparel, swim and active
wear that exceed sales goals. Innovative and resolute thinker, color expert who buik’s strong relationships with cross-fimetional product design, art
design, merchandising, sourcing and manufacturing teams. AREA OF EXPERTISE: *Creative and Color analyst for everyday wearable apparel,
swim, performance active wear and multi-fabric dyed to match garments. *Trend analysis and forecast, seasonal color palette creation,
deninywoven shade band expertise, color/dyestuff execution and limitation expertise, trim knowledge and development.

Highlights

Color iQc, PLM, Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook) and Lotus Notes. Affluent in Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop.
Microsoft Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel & Word

Affluent knowledge of Adobe Illustrator
Accomplishments

Providing sole responsibility to Athieta a $565 million brand for all color issues, evaluations, color recommendations for fabrics and create seasonal
color palettes across all aspects of the brand (Divisions, Categories, Prints and different fabrics)

TInplemented in-store light source (U3500) to primary light source during Athleta color evaluation process and procedures.

schivor anes
08/2002 to 01/2006
Colour Analyst Company Name i City , State

Office Choosing the seasonal color palette pantone # (PMS) for design and graphic purposes.

Visual Evaluation of seasonal Color Lab Dip/Bulk Submissions.

Communicating evaluation results with off-shore/domestic Vendors.

Colour Technician & Label /Trims Management Visual Evaluation of seasonal Color Lab Dip/Bulk Submissions Organizing and choosing
the seasonal color palette pantone #(PMS) for design and graphic purposes.

* Communicating and providing technical assistance to offshore & domestic vendors.

© Managing all color processes and requirements.

© Developing new hbeks, crests & hangtags for the design team

08/2008 to 06/2015
Senior Color Analyst Company Name i City , State

FAN ao Re wis B\yilibe occ s

Providing sole responsibility for all color issues, evaluations, color recommendations for fabrics and create seasonal color palettes across all
aspects of the brand (Divisions, Categories, Prints and different fabrics) Evaluation of seasonal color submissions using instrumental color
measurement and visual evaluation.

Provide basic color training to all on-boarding vendors/nilks.

Provide Color vision testing and basic color training to all production employees for the Athieta Brand.

Managing and provide color training, support and Ieadership to my direct report.

Provide Fabric Dye stuff limitations and color recommendations to the Production and Merchandising teams.

Assist in seasonal color trend research and seasonal color palette creation.

Fie Hever eUe ni esT CRUNCH REL iNeeS PGR TPC Teoh OmedTan SNA O te CM

Provide technical assistance to vendors/mills for color re-formulation and further color matching accuracy by consulting with dye stuff
rece

Distribution of the non-certified color standards (physical and electronic color standards) to the vendors/rills.

Working closely with our certified color service providers (Archroma, CSI & Pantone) to achieve custom color standard development,
fabric & dye limitation direction, organization and vendor/millsupplier distribution.

Find best pantone #(PMS) cross matches for screen prints for seasonal color standards for graphic printing vendors/mils.

Find best YKK & IDEAL zipper tape matches for Designers, GIS Production teams and vendors/nilks.

Matching Coats & AE sewing threads for all seasonal color standards.

Discuss with Global Color teams and manage all new initiatives and processes for Gap Inc.

[Oven Re meio clean

Monthly maintenance of color equipment, conditioning unit and UV Calibration programs.

Maintain organization of the previous and current seasonal Color standard inventory.

Data entry used for seasonal color reference and records.

08/2008 to 09/2012
Sr. Color Analyst Company Name 1% City , State

* Evaluation ofscasonal colors for Old Navy, Gap, Gap Outlet, Banana Republic and Banana Republic Factory Store using instrumental
