DESIGN DIRECTOR/ SENIOR DESIGNER
Professional Summary

Passionate Design Director with extensive talents in providing clear instructions to team members and supervising budgets to ensure project
profitability. A natural leader with more than 10 years! experience leading successfill and talented design teams. Seeking a new position as a Senior
Designer with a great organization.

als
© Apparel Design CaP AUin aks iat eig sl 2t)
© Adobe Photoshop ¢ Project presentations
* Originality * Teanmork skills
© Adobe Illustrator Cae loubrrs cnc
CM Ccren desiccant oe)
© Superb eye fordetail © Sketchbook Pro

Work History
Design Director / Senior Designer , 10/2016 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Developed seasonal merchandise assortment to improve category depth and breadth

Clearly communicated design revisions to all members of fashion design team

Developed seasonal and brand style guides to promote Tiger Schulmann's TSK Pro Shop

Sketched artistic and fresh designs for consideration

Communicated with photographers and stylists to effectively showcase brand

Negotiated with vendors on availability, product specifications, distribution, delivery deadlines and price

Developed seasonal and brand style guides

Supervised several projects simultaneously, maintaining profitability of each and consistently exceeding design expectations
Facilitated new processes within department, alleviating repetition and boosting overall team productivity

Head Designer , 06/2015 to 102016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Helped company advance industry standing by creating innovative concept designs.

Supervised design staff through product creation and release.

Clearly communicated design revisions to all members of fashion design team

Developed seasonal merchandise assortment to improve category depth and breadth.

Worked with technical design and product managerrent to provide accurate and complete design packages.
Designed advertiserents, tradeshow banners and signage from concept through compketion.

Head Designer , 02/2014 to 112015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Impkmented process improvements to increase team effectiveness and reduce repetitive tasks.
© Juggled multiple projects simultaneously, never losing strategic vision and alvays maintaining focus.

© Planned and oversaw photography shoots and retouching, consistently completing tasks within budget.
© Trained team of 3 designers , delegating tasks and offering insight to help meet tight deadlines.

© Created storyboards, 3D models, animation and visual effects to meet design goals.

Head Designer , 08/2008 to 07/2014

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Impkmented process improvements to increase team effectiveness and reduce repetitive tasks.
© Juggled multiple projects simultaneously, never losing strategic vision and alvays maintaining focus.
© Carefilly prepared all design layouts into prepress files for offSet, web and digital printing.

CREA ekurclinesoremecelnnulenunae veseeemeceve( oem

© Presented projects to internal clients.

© Generated detailed specs of final designs.

* Colkborated with vendors to ensure style consistency with other marketing materials.

Freelance Senior Designer And Consultant , 06/2004 to 10/2006

Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Sketched artistic and fresh designs for consideration.

Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.
iE leclnetem er enikeeto eae an mec iLeigeceeuace

Provided high quality results in timely manner.

Developed seasonal merchandise assortment to improve category depth and breadth.
