SHIPPER-VAULT BULLION
Summary

SiO cea ieMC bre etm ce hlesiaLenenmendromcce cnn LareniRiclMp lick neciteicme Guise wera leesiellecieuny
of Joading and transporting materials.

Perentens

Shipping software for UPS,UPS,and Fed Ex. Microsoft outlook,some Exel, some AS400,.RF Guns. Inventory
control procedures

© Inventory tracking

© Scheduling

St Becca

PMB AEOibeme ie and

Camere rnetitey
communication skills

© Retail inventory
pentane

CREW lba ytreitcn hice)

Clare

Strong problem solver

Strong interpersonal skills

Invoice processing

Solitaria Renita a shun

Order processing

Spreadsheet management

Accomplishments

Customer Service A

Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

I Nevelslecbilie conke denice ste cer em rehocMisececlinasiocedte tL eacke mie Lae cace

schivor anes
Shipper-Vault Bullion 10/2008 14 07/2015 Company Name City , State

Nie URC ct erence eGo UA a Glam ul@enesi eine eee iivernemelne merce ce

Packaging product in a accurate manner and ship it USPS or Fed EX.

[Kv cua accumsan ies tna enber ag cae TiN Aan ae gut tice

Being sure all work areas are organized with stock and ckan.

Meeting deadlines for special events for our customers.

Taking on new tasks as they are needed.

Cycle Counts to ensure proper Inventory levels.

Manged Selected products for specific routes according to pick sheets. areas of BSA,AA, and National Park Medallions.Conducted
monthly, quarterly and yearly inventories of warehouse stock.

Order Manager 08/2006 it4 10/2008 Company Nane City , State

Organized and located inventory and updated store spreadsheets. Upheld stock levels and proper pricing for multiple product lines.Created
and mintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports and documents.

Printed out all orders from customers and organized them for effective work flow for pullers to assure on time shipments and customer pick
from

OCR Dea Uenoreinsriaicnnadcnoabadttcey
Pull Large account product as to their vendor compliance's.

Retail Shipper 01/2000 14 08/2006 Company Name City , State

© Reviewed new customer orders and requests and manually entered data into a centralized database.

In TBS Retail Shipping, my responsbility is commumication between retail and shipping.

Added responsibilities in invoicing department include kaming CMT (Annie) program, nurreric filing, Microsoft Outlook, and using a
scanner for document entry.

T have keamed virtually every aspect of Shipping and TBS Shipping departments for Tommy Baham.

Reconciled daily inventory in Retail Excel for 64 Retail Stores. Manually created shipments, assigned carriers and dispatched shipments.
Acted as a liaison between logistics, carriers and customers.

Coordinated retums between origin and interim transportation departrents.

Produced bills of lading and updated shipment status information.

Prepared invoices for all customers in the logistics departrent at the end of every month.
