PASSENGER SERVICE AGENT
[Osheue Oona ang

Customer support professional offering versatile communication skills. Proficiency in sales, problem resolution, ticketing experience and strong
client management experience. Positive individual, who readily adapts to change, works superbly independently and with others, is experienced
overseeing a team and exceeds expectations. Able to juggle multiple priorities and perform in fast settings without compromising quality of service.

Core Strengths
© Excellent communication skills.

eB chr rence nite snce in ncitamreterccns act on sre Mane aa enn heal a Bi eacesne yu
Brava lesce en eelneacs) oe ° ane anaes ms ng -
CEE ors e ret cunme cern aati ececoonnye UlecE eR aLN LUO ' Sanne a lemeanor
Cie siethaicurc@ORuoneuoneirensia N tg eee 6
© Expert knowkdge of Airline softwares like Amadeus, Altea, Gaetan, Oscar SE eS eS en Bala
PiveReorrektclievernites _—— Pty aba iaea
Accomplishments

Thave received training and direction from many companies and from many Supervisors that i am able to put to use in everyday situations to
achieve a successfull experience whether it be a business transaction or a simple encounter.

Aug oanan at acs
Passenger Service Agent 04/2010 to Current Company Name City , State

¢ Tama kad agent on departure and arrivals of our flights, I ama highly skilled lead agent in flight monitoring as well as an experienced ticket
Rol ees

* I take the initiative to handle passengers during flight disruptions, i provide superior customer service assistance, from re-booking to holtel
vouchers and the goal is alvays to retain them as a customer and maintain their positive outlook of our company.

© I come up with ideas to help my team work smoothly together day to day, having an action plan is key.

I aimto ease the experience of flying for our customers.

I implement company policy, security requirements, check-in baggage, direct passengers to designated areas, provide necessary information

and handle massive crowds.

I dissolve potential uncomfortable situations for the client and maintain their satisfaction whik still abiding by company regulations.

T handle passengers requiring special assistance (reduced mobility passengers, parents with infants).

Asa senior kad agent i shadow and oversee newly trained agents to their roks, great communication is key.

Assistant Buyer 06/2007 to 12/2009 Company Name City , State

Handkd multifaceted clerical tasks (ex. data entry, filing, records management and billing) as the Assistant to the Apparel Buyer of the
orate

Coordinated events, monitored the buyer's weekly schedule, made orders and monitored inventory databases and scheduled/ensured the
Urregsldimonanetreradianece

Oversaw and instructed 2 people to assist me with orders and communicating with the warehouse and directing the vendors through our
complex delivery process.

Nolet betes m rece Meteor MCC At RO URUUS eto nce Ome ke Ite Het P ett ied) coher cee eec Cen ene nicliSih acm

Interacted with our top vendors at special events and maintained clear lines of communication with multiple departments of our company via
forratitacelbeneta em

Saks Associate Supervisor 07/2005 to 06/2007 Company Name City , State

CE iclicceirRelouocbranmrcnenLoneke sean GR eis Uc Mcec tea Mree uate SECM O LE em Oe Gnu Oe meISs shes Pe Relig
procedures in the stores’ fast paced, busy environment.

CE Solanest Cec bouconnialickartce cece i aiceece nia

© Courteously greeted clients and interacted with them, exphined sales promotions and encourage special purchases.

© Guided cashiers through retums and exchange processes as required.

© Opened and closed the store on weekends to relive the manager.

© Promoted to corporate office position stated above as Famous Horse Co.

Educational Background
Associate of Science : Nursing 2013 Queensborough Community Colkge City , State

Studied Nursing Education, Human Resources

Studied Psychology & Sociology; Hun Behaviors
