SUPERVISOR
Summary
Results-oriented, strategic sales professional with thirty years in the RetailA industry.
Paranreney
¢ INFOREM, EXCEL, WORD,
© Mainframe applications,
© Telxon, Lotus Notes A
© Training and development
© Results-oriented

Accomplishments

Reduction in Shrink with total store awareness.

Increased Sales with coaching Customer Service awareness.
Achieved Award on Credit card sales with training staff to sell the benefits of the card.
Award and Trip to home office for Outstanding Performance.
PHB aie ai ceny Corel

ae

ae

schivor anes

Company Name April 2013 to Current Supervisor

lena El CG

Provide Training and Direct Supervision for all clients.

Demonstrate actual job fimctions during training process.

Maintain appropriate work standards to the highest degree within the community.

CPR & First Aid cards up to date.

Within three months I supervised my own team on Community Job.

Train all the new hires for Enclave Supervisor position.

Complete the weekly schedule for all Enclave Supervisor's and Enclave clients.

Moved into the Workshop area to train and coach clients too prepare for jobs in our Community.
Train all new Staff in the workshop area to prepare our clients for community jobs.

ATEN el aR IY Colne NON

Company Name November 2007 to March 2013 Store Manager
lena El CG

© Oversee the entire store for Merchandising and Company Standards.

Develop creative plans to increase store sales and decrease loss. Provide training and development for Assistant Store Managers and
VCore a foom

Manage store expenses and payroll to best address the needs of the business.

Maintain communication with DistrictRegional Mangement.

District winner achieved 110% over last year Credit Goals,

Decreased store shrink of 1.44% to .90%,

Increased sales as Assistant Manager over million dollars per last year.

Company Name April 2006 to November 2014 Assistant Store Manager Soft lines Assistant Manager
lena El CG

CM cleteamaacnsperlrastelita Sons rc CEs Cia: WY

Pe Promtakcott dl munpmrcocCcon real isons Recneraccmiuel relnea alietuarsl aN
Pe rdorene ann AGen mings ravgrce tice Rvrl utr ce.y

CM ondortiinatocent(te ya esvecr RNR inca Orch Gon wna ww

CEB oe roa RUNES MON noc celRyCociatreiccm ten tres cringe cic www

Company Name Septerrber 2004 to April 2006 Department Manager Ladies Apparel Manager
lena El CG

A Mamagpr of five million dollar Ladies Apparel department with 49.6 sq. footage.
Directed team of twenty associates along with seasonal associates including Managerial personnel.
Coordinated Visual Merchandising and Inventory Control.
I eteraTiee ees Co oom neat LigoR ecm
© Exceeded Spring Saks & Credit Goals.

Company Name April 2001 to September 2004 Associate Merchandise Planner Home Area
lena El CG

Oe Ee te ae Te ar acad
