SENIOR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT MANAGER,

Summary

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, SOURCING AND RETAIL PROFESSIONALA AAAA

rN

Respected Retail Professional who leverages expertise in production, negotiation, supplier management, and relationship buikding skills, to drive
and deliver solid business results. Highly adept with workingA with cross-functional teams and key stakchoKers to maximize business
opportunities . Strong leadership skills, demonstrated success with managing initiatives of varying scope and sizes, and working collaboratively for

dure piesvcm
Skills
* TeamLeadershipA .
Side Sele Product LaunchA
SUC) Dslca ce Preece (rr ronment
eC a nn
¢ ProbkmSolvingA Pielona conten
Sse aC Contract negotiationA
A
Jeanne

Senior Product Development Manager Jul 2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© &€< Created a robust Product Development Team that interacts with Design and Sales in partnership with the parent company TAL, the
world's kading manufacturer of Men's high quality dress shirts.

Created structure and organization to build a Product Development team that executes to strict time & action guidelines.

Developed A Processes and Systems to improve workload efficiencies and improve timing of deliverabks.

Worked to maintain focus and execution while encouraging innovative thinking and ideas.

(Rurrae nore. Monn ncinairen nia Wehitednel Bence kein

Or teed Rec umnT cere @rce cy Modo memorable geese a 00

Sourcing Senior Manager Jan 2007 to Jan 2015
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC
Sourcing Senior Manager (2007 4“ March 2015)

cee as a key member of JCPenney's private bel sourcing team

Leveraged extensive knowledge of cotton rich products, fabric construction, and garment production, and drove theA execution of
strategic global sourcing activities, including vendor and supplier selection, negotiation, quality control, and critical project management.
Penance ccriurchm its retain rence ec bray ow

Traveled extensively to maximize business opportunities, evaluated factory capabilities, and visited apparel operations in Egypt, Bahrain,
rae CPO O TOs ond Color

© Managed key vendor relationships and collaborated with intemational buying office, buyers, designers, and product development teams to

procure quality garments that met buyer costs targets.
© Produced cost savings of millions of dollars over multiple programs.

Allocation Manager Feb 2003 to Feb 2006
Company Name i City , State

© Led and directed a team ofallocators across multiple buying offices, and managed the allocation of more than $200M in merchandise to
BCU Recetas

© Drove continuous improverent initiatives, and enhanced operational efficiencies, including special focus on managing inventory in top stores,
and implementation of an allocation system, resulting in increased sales and revenue.

PAE Av loco Mimic cbtnernom ep esti Catnd Cored OR cormemeracaiabacer eer LeM One nliti cere) compar eatiinecmest tl
monitored and analyzed sales and demographic data, to drive continuous improvement in sales and profit.

Senior Project Manager Business Operations Feb 2000 to Feb 2003
Company Name i City , State

© Provided leadership, oversight, and management of muttiple key initiatives within various business units, with budgets ranging from $2M to
$20M.

Managed overall scope, design, resources, testing, deployment, implementation, and training for a company wide systems launch.

Drove strategy and processes to revolutionize the company's buying operations, leading to improved efficiencies and profitability.
Supported the business operations division and worked with a cross-fimetional team including buying, planning, IT and allocation, and
developed and implemented a company-wide allocation system

© CreatedA training documentation and led the training of 200 newly hired Allocators.
