MANUFACTURING TECHNICIAN OPS COORDINATOR

Professional Summary

To apply my current education to obtain placement in an agency that provides services to clients who are secking treatment for substance
SUA om iriCe MTOM) ceeomerly< Ba hs) De

Professional Experience

04/2017 to 01/2015

Company Name

Volunteered at Albuquerque Fashion Week.

I worked ina booth that displayed business like clothes and shoes for hormekss worren and men to reintegrate them into the workforce.
AA cis eS eC ew MAU RES kein Cels NMC al echo Brena mm Leyes] M Una NLL OlT am

Master Practicum Perfectly Imperfect 242 hours IOP Substance Use/Abuse treatment program using the Matrix modality.

HRT treatirent using the Wexler model to treat clients that are referred to the agency for Intimate Partner Violence.

Secking Safety treatment program that is geared towards working with individuals who are experiencing possible violence, PTSD, and
Substance use/abuse.

Worked with clients ina group setting.

sGieckolorceecnivmnies ie ethonitcubndnca coer Ron terlcara memes erst

Provided clients with the necessary skills involving relapse prevention.

Worked with clients and family members identifying ways that the user and the family member can work together to rebuild the broken
relationship caused by the use/abuse of drugs and alcohol.

Worked with clients while they leam skills that will help them move through the intimate partner violence, PTSD, and substance use/abuse.
Practicum Internship 208 hours Bernalillo County Department of Substance Abuse Program Metropolitan Assessment and Treatment
Services (Mats) is a program that offers a 3-10 day detox program for individuals who are wanting to detox from alcohol and/or drugs.
Supportive Affercare Community (SAC) is a 6 month transitional living program that works with individuals who are trying to remain sober.
The program teaches the clients life skills that support sober living.

UPR UCN abetccm euro eM icieieatay nea eh aniiibelnae

The program teaches the clients life skills and child care education.

Are O eR res Orrin rclcrnm nel ce Ome aCe LOR ates ganna Oke ami sice Dole

Provided clients with community resources that offer substance abuse treatment outside of detox.

Shadowed technicians while dispensing client's medications and updating their client files.

Observed the Community Reinforcement Approach group sessions that the LADAC practitioners facilitate in the SAC program

CYFD Practicum 45 hours Bermalillo County Department of Substance Abuse Program Metropolitan Assessment & Treatment Services
(MATS).

Shadowed technicians working with clients in the detox facility.

Safety Center.

© Shadowed LADAC practitioners while performing intakes, assessments and facilitating group sessions for CCP clients.

TCU Rene ety
Manufacturing Technician Ops Coordinator Company Name i City , State

© Certified Level 2 Ops Coordinator for Wet Etch and Thin Fils.
* Responsible for commaumicating area priorities.
© Responsible for attending Middle of Shift and End of Shift meetings to discuss the area strengths, weaknesses and tool availability.

12/2015
Company Name

© Participated in setting up for the celebration that was held for foster youth, mentors, family, and community members.

Assisted participants in making creative gift boxes.

Albuquerque Turkey Trek, November, 26, 2015 Provided assistance with participant registration.

Ensured that runners received hydration when passing various check points.

Proceeds from this event went to NMCAN.

Building futures and foundations, October 30, 2015 Helped provide a safe, healthy environment for foster youth to build relationships and
reine Less

© Haven House, March 20-25, 2015 Participated in clothing drive for women and chikdren who are staying at Haven House.

Ocice eal Macleod

© Responsible for training new hires and employees from other areas on equipment.

© Responsible for maintaining Gas equipment that entailed mechanical adjustments ensuring proper alignments and handing of the wafers.
* Performed test procedures on Wet Etch benches to qualify that the correct amount of chemicals was used.

¢ Inspected wafers for any defects and incorrect die yield to make certain that quality product was coming out of the tools.

Education and Training

vA}

Bachelors of Social Work New Mexico Highlands University 4.0 Awarded Honor Roll Certificate for consecutive ters 2014 through
Associates of Arts : Child, Youth, and Family Development Social Work Central New Mexico Community College 4 City , State Child, Youth,
