GROCERY CLERK

schivor anes

Grocery Clerk , 07/2012 to 0572014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Used palkt jacks and hand trucks to move merchandise to the saks floor for stocking.

Checked product shelves to nmke sure that they contained proper price labels and handled price changes when requested by the manager.
Pkasantly greeted customers and provided prompt and courteous service at all times.

Maintained a safe, neat and clean working environment at all times.

Built displays and hung signage for products.

Operated various types of equipment including balers, power jacks and slicing machines.

Rotated grocery products ensuring that expired or spoiled items were immediately removed and adhered to the "first in, first out" rule.
Removed trash, swept and mopped floors for a professional appearance.

Received and unloaded new items upon delivery and checked products for darmge and order accuracy.

FCO CRO e ERR ECRe Lee Cree lhem bet ircacnei et cemanicmeni Lens (eicy

Ieee tren dccbu each merci cne Onell ecm

UAV Technician Avionics/Maintenance Techmician , 05/2014 to 05/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Install, remove, inspect, test, maintain and repair systems, components and ancillary equipment.
© perform launch, recovery, and other flight line operations at the organizational maintenance.

Box Truck Driver/Technician , 06/2015 to 04/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Inspected the truck for defects and safe operating condition before, during and after trips.
© Established and maintained excellent customer relationships.

¢ Safely loaded and unloaded deliveries according to size of load and content description.

© Inspected tires, lights, brakes and gas, oil and water level.

* Reported all accidents, damage and malfimctions involving company equipment to management.

¢ Answered customer questions regarding delivery promptly and accurately.

© Used Hand tools to buikd crates Hang chandeliers and TV's Connect/Disconnect Washers and dryers Set up grandfather clocks.
Picker/Ambassador , 04/2016 to 09/2016

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Pulled orders in an efficient manner to maintain demanding productivity goak.
© Utilized system to receive orders and directions to correct item locations.
© Printed labels, packaged boxes and loaded into outbound containers.

* Removed items from shelves or storage bins and scanned tags.

© Picked products for specific routes according to pick sheets.

Delivery Driver , 09/2017 to 01/2018

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Communicated customer comphints, requests and feedback to company management.
* Contacted customers prior to delivery to confirm and coordinate delivery times.
CRE env ona cna emdbetteicp oui elisa lene ceniee ne onem

© Worked night and weekend shifts during holiday season.

© Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions.

Stower , 10/2017 to 01/2018

Company Name a€“ City , State

Filed customer orders with efficiency and accuracy.

Maintained a clean and organized workspace.

Studied company safety procedures and emergency protocols.

Sorted products onto shelves according to type.

Separated damaged items from fimctional ones before placing them on shelves.
Divided cargo received by account Number and intended location.

Bice Cem eo eRe CC Uri alckee ecw me meecb ante Seuned

Warehouse Manager/Driver , 09/2016 to 04/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Trained new staffon job duties, company policies and safety procedures for rapid onboarding.
CMe gee lock ecece anklet enCe On tree mecectan Ulin kale nacmiteniar bodes i ibatey
