ADJUNCT INSTRUCTOR, VOLUNTEER CAREER ADVISER
Professional Summary

Administrative professional with extensive experience in academia, sales, customer service in a number of venues. Highly competent in persuasive
customer communication as particularly evidenced in the six years of serving as an on-line sales consultant and business owner. Desires a position
in customer service where compelling communication plays a strong rok.

Core Qualifications
© Results-oriented
CM See Blbice calc cecser eM ME Oe nile meaet scene aL enya tied
PERO one Gatco © Quick lamer
CM CerecoiaOlinaes © Training and development
© Reports generation and analysis

schivor anes
Adjunct Instructor, Volunteer Career Adviser Oct 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Teach courses on American and International Politics.
© Work with career staff to assist undecided and graduating seniors.

Consultant (Company is being dissolved due to declining economy) Jan 2009 to Current
Company Name i City , State

¢ Began consultancy as a professional and academic writer specializing in grant writing projects.
© Currently completing coursework in the extension programat the University California at Irvine program for certification as an Independent
Educational Consultant.

Organizational Culture Advisor, Customer Service Agent (Project work) Jul 2014 to Oct 2014
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

OM ZevO rece kebecs sccm hlndcl ee rebseireneite cine be ied nace
© Worked with Vice-President on conceptualizing new ways in workforce training.

Apparel Associate -Seasonal Position Jan 2014 to Jan 2014
Company Name i City , State

* Maintained organization of fitting rooms.
CA seces an tet acce
© Worked the register at times ofpeak business.

Secretary to the Board of Directors Oct 2012 to Oct 2013
Company Name i City , State

Liaison for the Board to ameliorate tensions between parties during the time the Theatre closed.

Director of Education Programs Oct 2005 to Jan 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Conceptualized and designed a program to retain Millennial and Boorrr talent at early career stages and facilitate cross- generational
ool oenrs tena

© Worked with CEO in development of mtional marketing strategies and product for Millennial "at-risk" students, responsible for assessments
and debriefings of key client stakeholders.

Director of Career Services Jul 2002 to Oct 2005
Company Name i City , State

© Changed career services office to career development/service eaming model based on Cognitive Information Processing model (one of only
16 such centers nationwide).

© Realized 40% increase in student usage of services and 67% increase injob placerrent.

© Developed a Leadership Fellows Program for national experiential learning opportunities.

Changed curriculum to include course for rising sophomores/transitioning juniors: "Seminar on Career Development and Professionalism”

combining both theory and extensive praxis Received institutional recognition based on Center achieverrents.

* Personally recognized as one of only 3 departmental directors to achieve highest levels of performance excellence, ie.

pees nine Oielunerecs Sm Olan CCN

Graduation Auditor/Adjunct Assistant Professor Oct 2001 to Apr 2002
Company Name i City , State
