SR. PROJECT MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATE
Professional Profile

Results-oriented Project Administrator with 14+ years' experience in the toy manuficturing industry. Meticulous and collaborative professional
with unsurpassed skill at managing diverse needs in deadline-driven environments.

Qualifications
, core competencies and strengths are as follows:

© Time management
Bilin
*Ability to communicate effectively with team members and management team ¢ Ability to prioritize
Oe eves onl)
Glonesneg

*Develop and maintain key relationships/partnerships with both domestic and intemational functional groups and line schedule petecnt
stint tm

base) anibccae) Ubon)
an an , Deadline-oriented
*Multi-tasking: Able to handle more than one project simultaneously. Time management ability
Microsoft Office
Schedule management
schivor anes

Sr. Project Management Associate
Noverber 2010 to Current Company Name - City , State

* Barbie Product Development Manage projects from original concept through final implementation Performs concurrent project management
PLS Ue OMe Car Auel nah crne nek lies ec aund ohedrlaaul serena) aimmnumeetiirinkeralLcarica
proactively meets company milestones and deadlines while ensuring projects remain on budget.

Projects with high visbbility/key drivers that generates over 2 million dollars in sales armually.

Facilitate weekly team meetings to provide timely project status updates to all cross fictional team members.

Travel to the company’s China and Indonesia manufacturing plants to track the development/production progress of the Barbie product line.
Utilize Agile software platform to actively track the key milestones in the product lifecycle.

Administrative Assistant
April 2008 to November 2010 Company Nanw - City , State

© Design Assist VP of Design, Director and three Design Managers for the Girls Inc.

© Design team with calendar managerment, setting up meetings and special projects.

* Coordinate all aspects of appomtments, conference calls and meeting set-up, including (but not limited to): conference room booking and
set-up, catering arrangements, preparation of handouts, video/teleconference and AV equipment needs and set-up, and communication of
meeting info via e-nnil.

Create purchase requisitions and process AP for vendors.

Assist in coordinating special events.

Manage all aspects of extensive domestic and international travel arrangerrents.

Ccrorieheueim em Oise Lem

Design (ordering office supplies, shipping, etc).

Process expense reports for travel Design VP, Director and Managers.

Prepare and track monthly spending budgets for the department.

Adiministrative Assistant
May 2007 to August 2007 Company Name - City , State

¢ Assist one Executive and three Senior Client Communications Directors for the Nissar/Infiniti account team.

© Coordinate all aspects of appomtments, conference calls and meeting set-up, including (but not limited to): conference room booking and
set-up, catering arrangements, preparation of handouts, video/teleconference and AV equipment needs and set-up, and communication of
meeting info via e-nnil.

Primary office-wide point-of contact for general OMD phone calls.

Coordinator for all extemal (reps and vendors) office events.

Manage all aspects of extensive domestic and international travel arrangerrents.

Maintain and update Executive Client Communications Director's files, contacts list and databases.

Process expense reports for travel and in-town expenses for 4 Client Communications Directors.

Intern, Office Manager Assistant
