STORE KEEPER / PRODUCTION CO-ORDINATOR
ATi enstad

To develop and find a pce in the industry where I can utilize my skils through serving efficiently and with complete honesty, integrity and hard
work for personal and organizational growth.

Shaan

EO LCC OoM a le MM ry Raina rent etch .
Pam i\vanceonmtere. cited

OTC amear ce rranae ¢ Vendor management
© Shipment consolidations planning
Merchandising © Warehouse and fulfillment
‘i an ¢ Imports and exports
Production Co-ordination ¢ Works well independently
Store Managing
Accomplishments

¢ Credentials Institution/University Year of Completion

ee DO Od SU Leelee knee AO eee ORO eA
¢ HSC S.ES Colkege / Mumbai University 2005

¢ SSC New English School / Mumbai University 2003.

Experience
Store Keeper / Production Co-ordinator 03/2014 to Current Company Name LOANS AIG

© Designation: Store Keeper / Production Co-ordinator

¢ Key Responsibilities:

Se ae Oa bole Re Sn ASL UB Croce ieee nictice a ety eens Os baton ene Rna yom nang
Prana

¢ Responsibk for upkeep of various appropriate records of materials received.

* Received deliveries of ordered items and ensured that all the supplies were in proper order - Stored the supplies and items received in their
designated place to avoid time wasted searching for ites and general confusion.

* Maintained the budget ofalll the expenditures incurred and presented same to WW Atel

pee Co eR ed Cebu ages oul slaimaeeied rnracs cence Re conan lela ine iatectene eeekeen ch te featuceblecelcenan a

* Monitored the fimctioning of store equipment and reported problems and failures to the supervisor.

SCR LPs onto u teas bog amare rani neaton ae ade eet eck cn tte

* To check the book balances, with the actual physical stock at frequent intervals by way of internal control over Wrong issues, pilferage, etc.

© Knowledge of Export, Basic PRO Skill, Portal related to Mmistry of Economy & Labour.

© Knowkdge of generating ASN & Shipment details in portals.

Store Manager 12/2013 to 02/2014 Company Name City , State

¢ Key Responsbilities:

Se CS dS ACr chine eee Rn s tetra all ncce

© Attain ability to analyze and interpret financial goals or reports along with track individual as well as store results,

* Interview, hire and train employees (staffof 3-15) as per company guidelines.

lS AO SRS EEO een ean sn aan One eekt las ance nes CAC oe

PU CUtaleuba deere LE CR tse lnc ee cee onrsiccan aro te ieee

* Implement and maintain promotional, operational and visual or merchandise standards plus initiatives Ensure stores Fe eave asics)
Blah avige cmocetics cma pristine iced

* Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.

* Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store.

* Colkborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire ro vpueeeeptusiacincesar crac

Sees LiL a coda niu crc Ouonnya Nines aie eAcarectberl Cre se

Category Managerment Incharge 07/2012 to 12/2013 Company Name City, State

Designation : Category Management Incharge- Merchandising Key Responsbilities:

Handling all Front-End & backend operation of the Diamond Category.

Coordinating with all the department (Pre-Inventory, Inventory, Sourcing & Dispatch) as well with stores.

Doing Price updation for all the revised prices of the merchandise for PAN Indh.

Handling margins & printing tags for the revised prices.

Solving stores related issues, Processing End customer & store orders through OMS.

Working on Data Correction(Audit) for PAN India stores received from store(Memo Sales Report) Laisoning with logistics & accounts for
the supportive documents required viz VAT or Waybill for delivery of shipment to party add.

SMe eee le sce one aie Baa cB RI RCAC Si Cee
