JOBS COORDINATOR / ESTIMATOR
Professional Summary

[Job Title] with management experience and exceptional people skills. Versed in [Skill set 1] and [Skill set 2]. Desires a challenging rok as a [Job
Title}.

Core Qualifications

Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills Motivated Recruiting and selection techniques Conscientious Proficient communicator Hiring
recommendations

schivor anes

Rl) AOre chile meine

August 2012 to October 2014 Company Name - City , State

© Worked directly with Payless manager's in assigned area's with store operation's, PNL shrink, store maintenance, recruiting store staff
member's and planning Competitive Analysis Performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future Payless company growth.

« Assisted in over 130 Payless ShoeSource store opening's and relocation's to create 3 districts in the Carolina's.

Selected by Payless ShoeSource Regional VP to utilize recruiting skill's and store development with the Canadian International expansion

team Promoted to Store Manager after [] months in the Assistant Manager position.

Nihsosicet hectare Leck oceietmineniteime cies entatia

Devised a successful recruiting plan for new Payless training supervisor's and store manager's.

Awarded "Top Sales Manager of the Year".

Awarded " Best in People Development " Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and

proposed changes.

Collaborated with cross-fimctional teams to draft project schedules and plans.

¢ Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.

© Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.

District Manager Trainee
July 2012 to July 2012 Company Name - City , State

© Successfilly managed the activities of team members in multiple locations.

POR AlaLad
October 2011 to March 2012 Company Nam - City, State

© Successfilly managed the activities of store team members in multiple locations.

© Recruited, managed and mentored an average of 4 new customer service representatives per year.
* Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.

© Developed and managed annual operating budgets for 4 stores locations in Durham, NC.

Area Manager / Training Supervisor

March 1992 to August 2010 Company Name - City , State

Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.

(QU Me enews (eco ra eel en eelinice

Addressed and corrected sales staff communication issues in a tactful and effective manner.
Analyzed marketing information and translated it into strategic plans.

Trained staffto deliver outstanding customer service.

Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.

Trained all new managers on store procedures and policies.

Fulfilled customer shipping needs using UPS and USPS methods.

Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary.

Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.
Reorganized the saks floor’s in store's to meet company demands.

Opened 130 new store location and assisted in recruiting and training new staff.

Conducted reference and background checks on all job applicants.

Pato ecco is eeninnaciiou eas ean ec ORIET ie Taetce

Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.
Managed all phases of recruitment, including defining hiring management needs and posting availabk positions.
Developed reports on employee headcount, monthly HR reports and quarterly training reports.
Created new employee self evaluation forms that focused on employee performance, competencies, engagement and development.
Assisted management with presentations for business reviews and communications meetings.
Researched and recommended new sources for candidate recruiting.

Recruited for various positions across multiple sites in the Carolina's Va and Canada.

Employed multiple feedback mechanisivs and analysis to continuously improve the recruiting process.
Thoroughly expkined the employee handbook during new employee orientations.
