OFFICE MANAGER - 40+ HOURS PER WEEK

Professional Summary

Human Recourses/Office Manager with 4-years background in employee management, hiring, A computerA training and benefits. Highly detail-
Creates ReyeticeMMNCor cr acd weer MSG UE Epo (as ee tO cee Ecco ate SIR LURK LLG LOSES
problem solving, reasoning skills and data entry.A Highly enthusiastic and goal oriented.

I Rance)

¢ CNA License - NA0010346149

* CPR Certification
See RSLS R ayers
© Inprocess ofA earning my Electrocardiogram certification through AMCA.
* Inprocess of eaming my Phiebotomy certification through AMCA
v4
Skill Highlights
Ce shane baer ben A
Ca tesliinestneeCaree sens : ares as
° ela ania © Compensation/payroll
© New hire orientation Parsee Pee es
* Client relations specialist © One-site, Tenant Tracer, ADP Payroll, QuickBooks, Microsoft Word and ExcelA software
¢ Focused on customer ,
Rolicsat oe) asia
cea © Training and development
© Deadline-oriented
Professional Experience

Office Manager - 40+ Hours per week
May 2015 to November 2016 Company Name - City , State

QuickBooks Experience, MS Office, Word, Excel & Internet and database searchingA . Data entry and work processing skills with a high kevel of
accuracy, and the ability to proofread and verify information. I interacted effectively with the public. Maintained confidentiality of records and all
informtion. Dealt with the Texas Workforce Commission (TWC) and also the Department of Aging and Disability Services (DADS) and
NACEES. Signed students for desired classes. Managed front office along with annual reporting and daily custorrer needs. Responsible for money
and bank deposits and answering all calls.A Also took payments for the VA, MYCAA and DARS, I was also an assistant instructor for CNA.
Recruited and interviewed applicants for positions available. Managed 19/W2.A Advised managers on organizational policy matters and
recommend needed changes. Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives. Identified staff
vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants. Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions,
interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems. Developed, implemented and monitored programs to

mmximize customer satisfiction.

Leasing Specialist - 40+ Hours per week

January 2014 to May 2015 Company Nam - City , State Worked with operations department for rental inventory. I handled all leasing reports
which includes preparing reports to be presented at weekly meetings, greeted prospective residents, answered all calls and inquiries, facilitated
resident service requests, handled background check/credit checks, money and bank runs. I handed most move-ins and also bank/corporate
Bree

Administrative Assistant/Office Manager - 40+ Hours per week

January 2013 to September 2013 Company Name - City, State

A Managed and helped barista managers with ordering supplies, hiting new employees, termination of employees, out of town trips and opening up
new coffee stands. Bi: Weekly payroll using ADP, key holder, daily bank runs, general payables (bills), working close with CEO and president of
Baristas Coffee Company Inc. I also helped with reports, acquisitions, eases and sales, reviewing resumes, contacting candidates, screening
perspective candidates, interviews and managing some training. I worked daily with excel spreadsheets including creating new spreadsheets.
Barista/Office Manager - 40+ Hours per week

March 2012 to December 2012 Company Name - City , State Managed 6 employees, interviews, hire and termination. Bi-weekly payroll using
ADP payroll System, key holder, daily bank runs and bank deposits, sales and marketing for the coffee stand. Open and closing the stand, weekly
supply ordering, create weekly work schedules, train and work with new hires. Serve customers on daily basis with fresh coflee, specials of the
day and snack. Created excel spreadsheets to track sakes.

Retail Apparel Associate

March 2010 to March 2012 Company Nam - City , State Cashier, merchandising shoes, all apparel from the stock room to the sales floor,
worked the truck every other day with new product. Reworked the sales floor for daily presentation. Daily customer service, open and close the
store, managed the fitting roonvkey holler.

Education and Training

License/Certification : Electrocardiogam , 2016 Elite Nurse Aide Training - City , State , USA March 2016 to present. Currently enrolled
License/Certification : Phlebotomy , 2016 Elite Nurse Aide Training - City , State , USA March 2016 to present. Currently Enrolled.

License : Certified Nurse Aide , 2015 Elite Nurse Aide Training - City , State, USA

High Schoo! Diplorm : General Studies , 2010 Federal Way High School - City , State , USA

Personal Information
