CREATIVE DIRECTOR

Professional Summary

Hard working, punctual, dependable, detail oriented, well organized, INoveo crab tenner tanta esnanteyeancatera|
skilsA *Abilty to positively and proactively handle customer concems and prioritize multipk task ina fast- paced environment .* Ability to work
Nite wponckaonwmnecoiTanlmulleeconerdcnimncee leer i aMiee CHM OR clieB esrb cal Lexelisnae
company where I can use my experience and skills to provide the best services to the customers and my employer.

Core Qualifications

MS Office Suite (Word/Power Point/ExceVOutlook)

Experience

03/2013 to Current

Creative Director Company Name 1% City , State PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:Manage creative teams. Approve or reject advertisng

Coli ule eecd Dror ct eke cCelin en ESE NRC HU DLP A Gnd pCR rence EI ccce el PaLenm canes Chee e wea ake
ads, brochures, TV spots, radio, and other forms ofadvertising Research the technical properties of products.Determine what makes products
appealing to consumers.Develop unique, new concepts.Oversee production.Conceive, develop and produce efléctive advertising campaigns. Work
with account executives to determine client needs and budget. Ensure campaign stays within budget.Create and present storyboards of ideas. Work
with art directors to create ideas. Write clear and persuasive copy for websites, brochures, ads, and other means of advertising Update digital
media with timely content. Perform search engine optimization techniques.Oversee campaigns from production to compktion.Revise, edit, and
proofiead content as needed or directed by client.Respond to feedback in a timely manner. Work within tight deadlines. Monitor and change
advertising campaigns to change effectiveness.Check copy for spelling and grammar errors. Work with media planners/buyers and the production
department to filly develop the advertising campaign.Research competitors and keep abreast of market trends.

03/2011 to 06/2013

ee US gel ene CUL a. CNA oe OLLG Ln EAS ena sec ane ecn Gueeanionossual ces Fe rsan iy]
seck new fashion and product knowledge to act as an expert for the customer A: Search for innovative ways to increase business through use of
eee Bree A CLR a gla ence CEng aetal| networking A-Provide expertise and honest confident feedback
Froesnetiae Ded Renee Bee aac marcy A A n 7M ON eg Bee Sal through cross, Ce or-line selling to

department while selling throughout the entire store A: Set and achieve personal re monthly, yearly and special event om A-Develop an
extensive personal clientele

01/2010 to 03/2011

Sales Professional Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Set and achieve personal sakes goals while supporting the goals of the team Greet customers ina timely, professional and engaging manner
Provide honest and confident feedback to customers regarding merchandise style and fit Build lasting relationships with customers by
contacting them to follow up on purchases, suggest new merchandise and invite them to upcoming events Consistently seck new fashion and
ervaatewc nan wa ceukeuas Om Peer bom Cor Moiese bouhecceel nnn bese ane laealcntey
relationships Work as a team player to ensure cach customer receives the best service possibke Perform daily department maintenance tasks
including stock work, re-merchandising, display, price markdowns, merchandise transfers and light cleaning,

11/2009 to 12/2009
Saks Professional Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Achieve or exceed individual sales plan by utilizing strategic selling skills to assist customers with purchases.
© Buikl new and existing customers by employing client development outreach and follow-up, as well as provide outstanding service with all
TSC am arth he

10/2008 to 05/2009
Operations Supervisor Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Under limited supervision, provides the same duties as the teller.
© Handk compliance of audit operations and regulatory issues.

© Workflow scheduling, transaction approval, teller training and/or teller supervision.

¢ Responds to inquires/probkems and may handle more compkx services/transactions.

STARR 2:3
Blolom@on ans LOIS AES

© Process customer transactions with no mistakes through patience.

¢ Attention to detail and the ability to follow procedures.

¢ Responsible for maintaining and balancing a cash drawer.

© Introduce customers to new products and services and generate leads for other members of the sakes team to close.
¢ Every teller has her/his own scorecard with goals.

© Greet customers make them feel wekome and also engage customers to kam about their financial needs.

06/2005 to 06/2007
Customer Service Representative /Inside Sales Company Name 1% City , State
