SUBSTITUTE TEACHER

Summary

Secking an Administrative position where my professional experience and education will allow me to make an inmrediate contribution as an integral
part ofa progressive company, which will require me to apply my knowkedge to assist the company in the accomplishment ofits goals and develop
excelent work environment, Extensive background in HR generalist aflairs, including experience in recruitment and retention, staff development,
trediation, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation Highly knowledgeable in HR policies development and kegal compliance Ability to
balance the books and handle finances in a responsible manner Effectively developed team building prograns, including writing personal manuals,
CO nae ecm R Ca MeE I Grnenenewsocealinurl aa hore nbs scenes or aT

Scion ated

Substitute Teacher

December 2014 to May 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

aera ee @ cee cco etl Lote Naveen cae bom

Demonstrate versatility in methods of instruction by understanding the lesson development plan.

Demonstrate and understanding of adopting school cultural practices by observing teachers and adapting quickly to work environment.
Ability to manage time with teachers and students within the adopting school schedule.

Frequently substituted teachers for ESL/ESOL, Spanish (ckementary kevel) and special education classes.

Managed to be selected as a paraprofessional for students with special needs.

[eocsoeoilees ames sth come is

DS Tne eet eeB nina
January 2014 to July 2014

© Prepared and handied assignments for employees by establishing and conducting orientation and traming program,

SR Giilnlece Bonaire nar nenticg eobcce tiaras eeRe consi ore ee Pest Otc

© Created and updated comprehensive employee recruiting strategies to supplement staffing and attract talented candidates.
© Audited workplace; ensured employee and management policies and procedures were followed.

© Controlling cost and ensuring that they do not exceed budgets.

© Updated key human resources metrics, including tumover and termination, using reporting tools on the HRMS database.

Store Manager
December 2010 to July 2014 Company Nant ¥'A City , State

SRB Giese cobs Ene nina ied@ DRanCCROR IC Ende cep sranctib cca erhuiel mob etuoa@ne i eyatr an em

Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirement plans, FMLA, FSA, PTO, HIPAA and
Work Compensation benefits.

Responsibke for interviewing new employees and facilitated new hire orientation.

Direct personnel, training and bor relations activities.

eters be om Nae NoMMCa ene Roy ene nike ci uesi ecm ore sucha cei islarcreka lao cm
Providing leadership, management, coaching, monitoring a direction to the employees to achieve targets.

Maintaining the personal file of the employees updated and keeps tracking of record attendance.

Responding to ktters, emails and general correspondence.

Providing clerical and administrative support to staff of the Human Resources department.

Handling employee's full and final settlement, exit interviews process.

Responsibk for preparing and developing Loss Prevention meetings.

Sree AE RSu UNO enn a baa Ne Rcacyninc lacie me

General Manager and Partner
May 2002 to January 2004

Responsibk for daily operation and restructuring of tasks throughout the day.

Assisting with day-to-day HR related questions.

Provided leadership, direction and new strategies process to staff through hands on operational managerent.
Recruited, hired, trained and retained high quality select employees.

Developed new strategies to contro! inventory and reduce inventory shortages.

Planned special events and parties m accordance to the company policies and the client's needs.
Coordinated meeting with new clients and vendors to ensure that the daily tasks are on schedule.

Managed and set operating budget, followed-up on daily operating numbers.

Education

‘The Real Estate Institute (TREI) 14 City , State Sales Associate FREC 1 Pre- Licensing, Sep 8, 2015

B.B.A : Managenent , May 2014 University of Turabo (UT) SUAGM 1% City , State Management

B.A: Jourmalism, May 2003 Universidad Del Sagrado CorazA*n (USC) i City , State Journalism Type Personal Name Type Personal Name
Sails

administrative support, benefits, budget and planning, budgets, budget, clerical, coaching, client, clients, database, direction, special events, FSA,
Human Resources, HR, instruction, inventory, labor relations, eadership, kesson plans, ketters, Loss Prevention, meetings, payroll, personnel,
polkies, pr, quality, recruiting, reporting, Sales, san, Spanish, staffing, teacher, Type
