CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER

Ritirersa

Pkasant and energetic Office Professional with excellent written and oral communication skills and knowkdge of use of Office Systems
Technobgy including: Microsoft Office Word, Excel, and PowerPoint secking a rok of increased responsibility and authority while committed to
delivering high quality results.

Nas

e
e
°
cy
oy
e
oy

Wi Ceree RO iiem ae ecun act accicoy
Meticulous attention to detail AS/400
Professional and mature Medical terminology
Resourcefill Proofreading

Dedicated team player Understands grammar
Strong interpersonal skills Business writing

I esniCmeeaicemUAibrieanalan’

Experience
UO PECTS Taras
eT om aa cr Vancom Aen sani ay ACISAES HI C

eT

Promoted to Closing Key Holder after 1 month ofemployrrent.

Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-player attitude.

Received a certificate ofappreciation from Tara Hall Home for Boys in recognition of my service and support through family services.
Received a certificate from Howard Adult Center for completing a continuing education introductory course in computers.

Received a merit raise and certificate for meeting Store Inventory goals with a variance of +1.02%.

Ovemight winner of the "[WalMart] Employee of the Month Award September, 2010.

Promoted to Customer Service Manager upon demonstrating exemplary customer service and leadership skills October 2012.

Provide Customer service by acknowledging the customer, identifying Customer needs, assisting with purchasing decisions, locating
merchandise, resolving Customer issues and concems, and promoting products and services, while maintaining a safe shopping environment.
Maintain the front-end in accordance with Company policies and procedures by properly handling chims and retums, zoning the area,
arranging and organizing merchandise/supplies, identifying shrink and darmges, and ensuring a safe work environment.

Oar rer UNAS Ee auc orn esl cek ee MO occ Oum occa nme ere ueedties mei ova
payment types and items sold.

Supervise associates in the area of responsibility by assigning duties, communicating goals, providing feedback and follow-up, monitoring
performance, teaching and supporting Company policies and procedures, ensuring compliance, and participating in the hiring, promotion,
coaching, teaching, and evahution of Associates.

Fulfill Customer service requirements by greeting Customers, approving monetary transactions, providing support to Associates for
Ro) cure Len Mica Le ee COUT AN ULOHG aw cheinem alee ned OUT m nT ota ecce bes hen manemoe uel ealncaous Mlb
PT NCMHS Soe OAC MUO etc] Duc Can Ruma VAnaanenanulikaenielge Ss ieiaanes

Execute plans and manage own and others' time so that priorities were met.

SER uraties a ateers Mew eee MUR lone Ob eset Rie oe

Snru cipro LeHN Reng ure teeR altel cen

Prepare written work that is accurate and complete.

Ore P EB eau emesis brtinad

Enter and locate information on a computer.

Create documents, reports, etc., using a writing instrument (Such as a pencil, or pen) or computer.

Communicate effectively in person or by using telecommunications equipment.

UrSc Ne NOLO RS kom ty ceeucbecene bre sts1c8

Di oko deerenuy Uren cob noneneomlncmienta cary eueraie

05/2009 to 10/2012
Apparel Processor/GM Stocker Company Name i% City , State

Ce ee ee |

Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.

Served as liaison between customers, store personnel and various store departments.
Informed customers about sales and promotions ina friendly and engaging manner.
Tracked down sources of special products and services to meet customers’ special needs.
Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service kvel standards.
Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.

Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
Demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.
Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

aos eel espa resuesninmecmocmriuchnse Rene Restl aes

Closing Manager Keyholder/ College Bookseller.

edie S CR Celeste)
CO Dale Gon sina Nl ee YR ONES)
