DIRECTOR OF PR & SOCIAL MEDIA
Executive Profile

Dynamic and results-driven Senior Public Relations Executive withover 7 years of experience in impacting brand presence, performance and
profitability internationally. Strategic leader with notable success in development and execution of public relations, marketing & social media
campaigns. Well-connected individual with an extensive global network of editors, journalists, stylists, producers, talent agents and fashion
influentials. Well-versed in multiple social media platforms with a proven track record of establishing social media presence.

Areas of Expertise
Pa reentng ota
PRY ccrB Kt ons Poracantesn series
© Marketing Collateral Development ¢ Strategic Partnerships/Alliances
¢ Market Launches Peers ering erento)
© Strategic Planning & Execution PGs Vetter cng
¢ Internal Communications Ce ene wslnnee mC ening wie rat en)
PP eee selb ce isos Rye 820) a ee Neal ct
Cera s By lccrsnsiie amid oxccuricee
Wielecpenabomaratesd

SDienome eae acleds NV cc ROU REC ROrricne Goi lene OLS mer!

Lead the PR & Social Media Strategy for the relaunch of dELiA*s, successfillly repositioning the company as a leading teen brand among its
competitors.

Managed critical sponsorship opportunities for dELIA*s with Teen Vogue's Back To School Program, 5 Seconds of Summer Concert Series,
BearPaw x dELiA*s fiee ads on the Geofliey Tron Screen in Times Square.

Secured extensive Press & Social Media coverage for dELiA*s November Catalog Cover: Teen wonderchefiand NY Times Cover Star, Flynn
McGarry.

Spearheaded and managed the PR & Social Media Campaigns for Alloy Apparel that took critical market share and social media footprint from
Long Tall Sally as a keader in Tall Women's Clothing n 6 months.

Initiated the use of User Generated Content (UGC)on each brand's website and paid ads, resulting ina substantial increase in positive brand
Coe BUN Rha necrtnemerutr CE cancT ed

Increased brand revenue for both companies through social media efforts that amounted revenue 5 times bigger than the initial investment.

Created a brand ambassador program for both companies that included a series of high-profile bloggers, influencers and celebrities at no cost for
Cole ce a ecoawec CE Ren iebebm ent dvoi eine brie E Taney

Collaborated with E-Commerce and Marketing to support and drive key promotions organically as well as through paid media campaigns
Provided in-depth data analysis and social media reporting for each brand

Managed budgets and made best use of budgetary finds

Managed an internal team of 3, an external PR agency, an external ad agency, 1 UGC management agency.

PMT Roaanl li ce Rrneneaia Ucets RPC ee Dice aM ECP e a leek Ny elem OI RENO Ss eucoe tlie
contemporary and teen markets.

PR Manager 02/2012 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State
Primary Press Linison for Foley+Corinma, Isabella Fiore, Snob Essentials, Charlotte Ronson, L.A.M.B.and NARR.

Managed a staffof'4 employees for the development and execution of global public relations, event planning, marketing and advertising programs
in the US and South Korea.

Secured a continuous stream of high-profile celebrity, blogger, fashion influencer, TV, print and web pkcements for each brand.

Secured strategic partnerships with the CFDA, Faberge's Big Egg Hunt, Christie's, Studio in A School, Covet Fashion, Refinery29 Shops,
Cekbrity Exotics, Lucky Shops, SpringNYC at no cost for the company.

Seasonally collaborated with Seventh House PR, Factory PR, HL Group, Autunm Communications, Paul Wilmot Commumications during event &
fashion show production, West Coast initiatives and celebrity seeding opportunities.

Initiated and lead the Brand Revival initiative for Isabella Fiore.
