VICE PRESIDENT/OWNER
Summary

A self-motivated professional highly proficient in developing creative solutions and implementing objective decision making, Maintains positive
attitude and works hard to buikd team relationships. Senior Loan Officer offering collections, debt consolidation and customer service experience.
Computer-sawvy, professional and detail-oriented.Organized Senior Loan Officer who effectively identifies and resolves complex financial
issues. Thrives in fast-paced and ever-changing business enviroments.

Highlights
© Customer service-focused
PECL exo cilia Cae dicreaalp ol aiiiineacrci’
CE Avlentocpeieciay © Steward of institutional regulatory compliance
© Debt and credit management © Knowledge of VA, FHA, Conventional and USDA loan processes
¢ Excelient time management Ce Saris)
© Energetic ¢ Excellent communicator
CRT ir ae Aur ceo iibei ten
Accomplishments

Received USDA Million dollar producer for the East Tennessee region for several years. My company also provided home ownership guidance
on site for local factories, to help their employees understand the homeownership basics and to get them motivated toward homeownership.

schivor anes
Meiers (en@hiics
September 2002 Company Nam - City , State

Pee coca YON)

¢ Responsibilities included, but were not limited to, meeting with clients, Joan applications, reviewing loan applications to see if they met the
criteria for approval, determining the best loan product for the customer, preparing all loan docurrents for customers signature, processing
eet enaee ett g Lem

© Verifications of employment and verifications of deposit, getting file ready for closing (all aspects of Loan Processing) bookkeeping, filing,

answering multiple phone lines, payroll, pre and post-closing audits.

Hiring and training of employees.

Post closing loan follow up to ensure customer satisfaction with our products and services.

Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to mortgage lending.

Determined appropriate rate locks, issuance of disclosures, overage and underage waivers and fee waivers.

Educated customers on the variety of loan products and available credit options (such as VA, FHA, Conventional or USDA)

cules Ei Les Oniiee Nie be becueccM Lele raet anne resi@ ose ccm eerie gsieierinsipmUl en ag ueice

* Built knowledge about latest banking products and services through Continuing education every year.

| Eoulcucrla
February 2002 to Septerber 2002 Company Name - City , State

Maikd and arranged for delivery of legal correspondence to clients, witnesses and court officials.
Organized and mnintained law libraries, documents and case fils.

Photocopied all correspondence, documents and other printed materials.

oe et Pr reRicietlG eee rnince ite

© Composed and revised legal documents, including ketters, depositions and court documents.

| Eoulcucrla
August 1998 to June 1999 Company Name - City , State

Maikd and arranged for delivery of legal correspondence to clients, witnesses and court officials.
Processed and distributed invoices to bill clients.

Maintained the schedule for client appointments and court appearances.

Composed and revised legal documents, including Ietters, depositions and court documents.
Maintained office supplies by checking stocks and placing orders.

(Keo imictrewrel lei ecunecstuema srieucceetiareLaccs

Photocopied all correspondence, documents and other printed materials.

Organized and mnintained law libraries, documents and case fils.

HUMAN RESOURCES/OFFICE MANAGER,
May 1997 to August 1998 Company Nam - City , State

* Managed all aspects of production payroll for all 100 employees.
¢ AllCkerical Duties, such as but not limited to filng, typing, answering all phone lines, handling employee disputes, shipping, receiving and
Bloor n ae aN) oe
