APPAREL DEVELOPER SPECIALIZED

Professional Summary

Tnnovate apparel development and create new ideas that improve performance, quality and lead apparel development industry standards.
Collaborate with business counterparts to drive operation process improvements to maximize development efficiencies and optimize growth

POCECAE pest eleslNa
Skills
Py ae CME Oe) Fleeyet lived
e Art ¢ Innovative
¢ Probkm Solver e Driven
CME Ores ivied © Efficient
© Proficient in Adobe CS5 Sap eesti
Ce sage)
Cae ooo anil
Work History

FD seem rcuslicRuMAlC meaner’
Company Name City , State

Establish new fast track business model for JR fashion business across all product categories in the juniors market.

Work with cross fimetional leadership to establish new source needs.

Set up and onboard new suppliers as needed with Nordstrom product requirements.

Create tools to gain speed in development process while also maintaining critical product testing and Nordstrom requirements.

Lead weekly status meetings with upper management to overview process, tracking, potential concerns to ensure speed project was
successful Step in to support technical woven development projects covering outerwear, denim, soft dressing.

Guided team on new approaches of working including costing tools, streamlining meetings and optimizing new systems already set in place.
© Work with vendors when any issues arise as needed to steer projects back on course.

Sourcing areas include United States, Chin, India, Nicaragua and Columbia.

Manager Development Apparel Jan 2006 - Jan 2014
Company Name City , State

Manager Apparel Development Technical apparel developer snowboarding outerwear, base layers, women's swim, board shorts, denim,
woven shirts, t-shirts and sweatshirts, graphics, printing, knits, technical performance basketball, track jackets, women's fashion knits tops
and bottorrs, fashion original garments.

Build tech packs and communicate daily with factories to execute technical product assortrents.

PEE Oolslocom Ried ueMe erie cauna lob Ona eho el CchbeB Oneeentntersl cee c Use Mie ORacee teaser einai ceth a
Orne aon en ent hosanines ker irciw

Reduced labor rates on product by 10% increasing profitA

Update workimanship sketches, mterial call outs and technical images in illustrator format on tech packs to the factoryA

© Visit factories to conduct workshops to improve process and reduce steps to improve development time for better response to promo
needs.A

Innovate on process where not set to create standard operation process for wider audience to reference and allow category growth as
needed for promo business unit expansion.A

Or aie Vacto meta ctranicn bet nnonnitenb om aan eenarance.

Coordinate and manage fit sessions with all necessary cross fimetions to review styles and execute needs.

Directly work with suppliers and manuficturers to gain in depth technical knowledge and utilize information as needed on developments A
Lead costing, improvements and technical quality standards to ensure all end results are capturedA,

Provide input from development for calendar set up ona new business unit with business solutions along with representation from marketing,
design, materials, planning, costing quality, and sourcing to make sure timelines were accurate so buy ready would be met and it did!A
Selected to work on multiple high profile short timeline projects with limited process and guidance to delivery excellent results including
Olympics, All Star, Jeremy ScottA

Conduct weekly cross fimctional meetings to allow for better commumication and share information with cross fimctions on updates that
PereLIRCR ee ucer rm ccecUney

¢ Mentor new team members by implementing a new business unit manual and teaching development tasksA

© Test product at multiple stages in development and communicate results with marketing to show potential risks and suggestions to alleviate
ra somsrtner erty

Team focused and always willing to take on extra tasks as needed

Sourcing and work in the following regions Thailand, China, Indonesia, Turkey, US, India, Bangladesh, Nicaragua.

Yves a Ralo esos ueclatePaCOOn acl WAh IC cacti Bst ts)
Company Name City , State

Pee acer emelne ried ace Bc cb ents Omran niaatce
© Update and track OTB reporting to ensure all product needs are met for store needs to meet sales requirements.
© Work with sourcing agents to develop new board shorts, prints, fleece, polo's, t- shirts, woven shirts and woven shorts Send out tech packs
