SR. MANAGER
Summary

Over twenty-five years Management experience in Vendor Compliance, Product Integrity/Quality, Customer Support/Sakes and Business Office
Managenrent. I ama results-focused professional with the ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines ina fast paced environment.
Specific expertise includes: quality assurance, strategic planning, handling of large customer accounts, office management, vendor billing and
invoicing, purchasing and payroll.

Highlights
Ce estos Oicoem ican cone
* Exceptional time management skills © Business and requirements analysis
¢ Adaptable

schivor anes
10/2008 to 07/2012
Sr. Manager Company Name iA City , State

© Vendor Management and Product Integrity/Quality Responsibilities include: Partnering with Quality Assurance Team, Sourcing Managers,
Buyers, Technical Design and Logistics to ensure packaging and ganment labeling meet company requirements.

Worked with vendor base of 200+ to ensure performance standards were in accordance with both FTC and CPSC regulations.
Day-to-day direct communications with vendors and suppliers on all levels and assist with trouble shooting.

Accomplishments: Implemented a new vendor website providing all company policy and procedures as well as educational tools.
Impkmented with the QA teama shared audit tracking report and disposition process.

oan EA ned eG nonag coins Omen em Nor Oer ecm ciimms mince Reet li

[ey2e20T toe om CUPL)
Sr. Manager Company Name iA City , State

© Manage the Technical Design Department with a staff of two Managers and six Technical Designers.

* Maintained an annual departrental budget, provided daily and weekly productivity stats, streamlined efficiencies and set goals.
Cg cdrom hire testes atom enema Hier t eines ma melious ig neice

© Developed and implemented a Standard Operating Procedure Manual to streamline processes.

CU TPAU UR ont e201 ty
Promotional Sales Manager Company Name if City , State

* Responsible for all promotional and up sell programs in an inbound call center.

© Programs include add-on sales, coordinates, gift certificates and in-house credit card programs.

CAM een Giiolmnncceelmecenind cage ms PARR Ie Erneta) movil ome e pessiarobes em

* Created and implemented numerous successfil associate incentive contests driving promotional sales up in each area.
© Trained and interacted live with associates on the floor to promote ‘can do* attitude to sell.

© Increased efficiency in talk time and sales by providing "Tips of the Week" on selling and "Knowing Your Customer”.
eee eu)

Manager of Customer Sales/Support Company Name 1% City , State

* Manage an inbound call center handling both sales and support.

Oe cmb icm ern co enn eon coral P EO ke mii cees cm

Accomplishments: Increased acceptance rate of the private label credit card from 11% ina six-month timeframe through successful training,
coaching programs and teamwork.

PiNcMicch nun Ra Nike A YAM ermal ccd acest om

Increased sakes of up sell items by 325% by assisting in implementing a training and coaching program

Affer implementation and consistent coaching, sales rose from $1.2 million to over $8 million annually.

Project team member for implementation ofa mgazine subscriptions program, which resulted in incremental revenue of $360,000 annually,

09/1988 to 09/1998
Customer Sales/Support and Correspondence Supervisor Company Name 1% City , State

© Supervised a staff of 35-40 associates providing training, cross-training and coaching to ensure associates continue to develop in their roles.
© Monitored calls and provided feedback, progressive discipline, documentation and performance reviews.

© Provide daily support for senior management to expedite customer service inquiries for timely resolutions.

* Envisioned and implemented associate incentive programs to increase productivity and morak.

¢ Created and maintained various statisticaVdepartmental reports.

01/1983 to 01/1988
JER euU I emai et a @e tn cla NC te CREB ON SMES ELC

e Sr.
