DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

Professional Summary

Supervisory experience in the development and production of apparel sportswear. Experience in the managerrent of sourcing, product
development, production and technical design teams. Strong understanding of domestic and offshore sourcing. Extensive global travel for sourcing,
Puree donner mrsnitannerce Reiser ey

schivor anes

Director of Product Development

July 2015 to April 2016 Company Nanw - City , State

© Conducted analysis to address production delays A which led to on time delivery of product.

© Successfillly led key projects which resulted in proactive extemal communication with vendors and agents.

© Developed, designed and managed the production of posture and performance apparel for men and worn, ensuring fit and quality of
merchandise exceeded company standards.

Hired and managed new product team members.

Managed all aspects of design and development through production, maintaining company timelines.

Worked directly with domestic and offshore factories, ensuring quality and timelines were met to company standards.
Sourced fabric and trims, developed new construction techniques and initiated new concepts for product line.
Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory.

Managed product development team, maintained WIP report and hired necessary staff'as needed.

Planned and executed purchase orders for seasonal product lines.

Worked closely with cross fimctional teams, maintaining intemal communication.

Reported directly to the President of the company

Relics noyekeatlt

January 2010 to July 2015 Company Name - City , State Lead an independent consultancy to transpose client's inspirations into a finished, viable
Pllecrom bocce erence a MR nck in cmt eee cm RG crac chon Merie ce tremor caeRer ant anc TT
factories to initiate the development process. A Managed each step of the pre production process, ensuring the quality and fit of the finished goods
was achieved to the company standards, A Organized the client's sku plan to ensure the product line was merchandised to meet the buyers

SNe erm MO Merion OV aCKa sre liecontintocca ee rar cmt remiicned Katee eee

Bcc neeBecmncleiias

January 2008 to January 2009 Company Name - City , State

Managed a team of 22 technical designers/pattem makers, marker makers, graders and sewing departent.

Improved production timelines, implemented cost saving construction techniques, and standardized the technical design processes.
Created production standards for internal personal to follow in addition to private accounts and factories.

Developed company manual to standardize the pre production through production process.

Worked with design, imports and sales departments to coordinate timely deliveries of finished goods.

Travelled globally to accounts, vendors and factories to insure the quality and fit of garments was maintained by company standards.
Managed the execution of tech packs to vendors and agents.

Conducted daily correspondence to factories, vendors, and accounts to insure production timelines were on schedule.

Analyzed and evaluated cost eflective solutions with QC department to execute timely deliveries of finished goods.

Managed company calendar to nnintain delivery scheduk.

Reported directly to COO.

Director of Product Development
January 2006 to January 2007 Company Nam - City , State

© Responsible for the set up and management of the technical design departrent.

Accomplished company standards for in house departments and offShore factories to follow from the development process to the execution

of finished goods.

Managed the design development process from designer sketch handover to bulk production delivery.

Responsible for the purchase of Lectra CAD system, hired a staff of pattermmkers, established standards for fit, quality and construction.

Conducted daily correspondences with offshore factories to ensure timely deliveries of finished goods.

Extensive travel to Asia for follow up on the development process to finished goods.

Managed offshore factories from developrrent to the production process to ensure all processes were on track.

Worked with freight forwarders and customs brokers in the production process to ensure all documentation and deliveries were on

Barcel em

Worked closely with the sales manager to ensure buyers were aware of new fits and changes of upcoming styles.

© Developed and implemented vendor manual for all factories to follow in regards to the pre production process, specification system,
Pelee uinubecreceicestne nina neeuble len ecm

* Managed the company calendar to ensure all departments were meeting deadlines.

Reported directly to President of company.

Adjunct Faculty
January 2005 to January 2012 Company Nar - City , State

e Neveloned an advanced course eurricuhim far the Fashion Denartrent at Oranoe Caast Calleoe and T ano Reach City Colleor
