Rachel Guardado
Summary

Polished and professional team member skilled at counting money, processing payments and building relationships with patrons. Effectively meet
front-end needs with skilled merchandising, customer support and register management. Proficient in processing purchases and returns with high
accuracy and diligent attention to important details. Sales expert promotes products and plans to boost store profits. Hardworking Warehouse
PCove CA Rocol neers bei elin ue OciLen tau nase RN rane eiescin Lele d cm osteo creat ben a aefelctanmeccan oinegert lay
and preparing containers. Delivers accurate inventory counts and maintains detailed warehouse records. Dedicated Customer Service Specialist
providing skills to prioritize and multi-task in fast-paced working environment. Successfilly works as part of team to reach personal and business

goals, Known for successfilly handling escalated customer support issues.
Skills
© Credit and cash transactions A ,
¢ Issue resolution ° Tagging Nien A
.s enenren e Autommtic packing equipment
* Cash register operation , anal
Ca Otsomurcssnined Fi re ener
ay eee y aan Se ear
* Cash counting machine operations , Pale S
Ce ecutlbad west esallsy 5
Aeron Pam OUsoruasiay ce ;
* Warehouse operations ° Sans ie eal sca
Rn een ete © Service prioritization
oO
schivor anes
Warehouse Picker

City , State Company Name / May 2021 to Current

Prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels and executing shipment documents to facilitate delivery to proper customers.
Se erect Co rrRW leo cHo ed eB rarsl MOR say at Mec ted Lede Ue eayil s)e) iim

Marked and labeled containers with accurate shipping information to prevent delays.

Assembled cartons, crates and containers.

Utilized pallet jacks to move items to and from different warehouse locations.

Promoted workphce safety and production efficiency by keeping workspaces clean, organized and free of hazards.

Inspected outgoing shipments to maintain effective quality assurance standards.

Reviewed packing slips and other documentation to properly box requested items for shipment.

Picked products from designated locations using various tools and transferred to appropriate areas for fimther processing.

Operated warehouse equipment with caution and according to manufacturer instructions to reduce risk of accidents and malfunctions.
Weighed and measured products and materials to check compliance with specifications and regulations.

T used a website that would keep track of the items that would get shipped off everyday.

Warehouse Employee
City , State Company Name / Feb 2021 to Apr 2021

Prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels and executing shipment documents to facilitate delivery to proper customers.
Counted and stocked different types of merchandise to comply with inventory control tag requirements.

Noted current product inventory levels to support completion of order requests and audits.

Packed and labeled merchandise to prepare for loading and shipment to customers.

Lifted materials of varied weights on regular basis to transport items to proper warehouse locations.

Monitored work areas for cleanliness and fimctionality and removed obstacles to promote safe work environment.
Packed merchandise into boxes and containers to ensure safé shipment.

Asranged items on pallets according to size and weight.

Mentored new employees on daily warehouse procedures and answered task-related questions for quick job acclimation.
Inspected orders for accuracy by carefilly reviewing containers, products, packaging and labeling.

Accomplished production goals by working with speed and accuracy.

Utilized pallet jacks to move items to and from different warehouse locations.

Weighed and measured products and materials to check compliance with specifications and regulations.

Sales Associate and Cashier
City , State Company Name / Oct 2020 to Dec 2020

Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.

Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success toward common sales, service and
operational goals.

Sold various products by exphining unique features and educating customers on proper application.

Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours, policies and promotions.
