REGISTERED CLIENT SERVICE ASSOCIATE

Summary

To obtain a position where my years of experience in the client support environment and proven track record of maintaining and developing new
businesses can be filly utilized. Results-oriented, high-energy, hands-on professional, with a successfill record of accomplishments in client
support. Major strengths include strong leadership, excellent communication skils, strong team player, attention to detail, compliance in all
regulated environment and supervisory skills.

Skills

Microsoft Word for Windows, Excel, Power Point, Access, Adobe PageMaker 6.5, Adobe Photoshop, Dreammeaver, Visio, Unix, Orack 91
and Developer 2000.

schivor anes

Registered Client Service Associate 06/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

Serve as primary contact to investment clients and prospects.

Provide all operational services and support for client accounts.

Provide Financial Advisors with presentations and seminars, aide in the implementation of marketing materials for prospects.
Referring clients to other lines of banking division to enhance the relationship.

Work with Financial Advisors to efficiently manage their book of business to increase their revenue for the bank.

Conduct monthly audits to make sure that client objectives are in consideration with the investments being offered by the brokers.
Work directly with the Financial Advisors to manage their book of business worth 40 million.

Rekationship Banker II 06/2004 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

Serve as primary contact to retail, commercial, and prospect clients.

New account opening and cross sale of other banking products and services.

Referring identified client needs to other lines of banking divisions.

Proactively cokl calling the clients to mtroduce the new products and services to increase branch revenue.
Conduct meetings with commercial bankers and introduce the banking products to the commercial clients to enhance the banking
relationship.

Accomplishnnnts.

Ranked in top 10 among 82 reps for 7 straight years, exceeding sales quotas a month.

Winner of best sales representative of the year reward 3 straight years and first quarter in 2011.

Increased branch norr interest income by 10% with the sale of banking products and excellent client service skils.
Increased the loan portfolio for the branch by $800,000 within 7 months.

Increased net deposit portfolio for the branch by $1.7 million for the quarter by proven saks skilk,

Training new hires and branch personals to be experts in their job performance to be successful in the company.

Private Banker 01/2003 to 01/2004 Company Name City , State

© Conduct outside sales calls to bring in new business.

Performing operational tasks of the branch that includes reconciliation and monitoring of Federal Reserve account.

Oonis LAN ce GM IcrecHCMenionh cache Ol Manan av meceiUce Len Carn rSee lel see

Zev O renee ARC ees iee le se ese a CEe cM ent elma oC esMMs MICA LOem Een oRecwWInU CMTE OR eclmUoetisILeem
Assisted in reception handling high volume customer calls.

Technical Writer/ Web Developer 01/2000 to 01/2002 Company Name City , State

* Responsibilities include creating, editing and verifying product and service documentation.

© Documentation types include: hardware and software user and service manual, online help and tutorials,
programming/configuration/nstallation documents, requirement documents and reference documents.

* Work out various researches for giving the accurate description of the erection, installation, removal as well as maintenance of different
genres of hardware.

© Supply wiring figures outlnes along with part breakdown sketches for illustrations.

© Scripting interactive on-line help and tutorial packages.

© Installation and maintenance of computer, security, and telecommunications systems.

Education and Training

B.S : Computer Information Systems 2001 Strayer University Computer Information Systems

ESPANOL MU Oor aCe las Sw icon Gury ace Pone Meanie lees

Series 7-General Securities Registered Representative 2016

Skills

Dreamweaver, Adobe PageMaker 6.5, Adobe Photoshop, banking, book, cold calling, hardware, client, clients, DBA, Documentation, editing,
Financial, investrents, marketing materials, meetings, Access, Excel, Power Point, Windows, Microsoft Word, online help, Oracle 9, Developer
2000, outside sales, presentations, programming, reception, requirement, retail, sakes skills, sales, Securities, serminars, Scripting,

ener ertiec Letom Ota cl emu aan
