VICE PRESIDENT

Riterersag

Secking a ProgranyProject Management position to utilize and expand my talents, knowledge and experience.
Experience

Vice President 01/2011 to Current Company Name City , State

© Manage cross fimctional and cross business unit projects to reduce expenses and best utilitize company resources Site Strategies
Divestitures Create repeatable reporting processes of data to support current and fiture projects Designed project plan templates for fiture
project managers to board new consumer customers in 120 days or 90 days or kess depending on the size of the prospective customer.
POE Kostas uesons Omid eons iia Lone Oeseninebrainlebtclou scene ice eo micn emis ssi

Risk Management Analyst, Vice President 01/2007 to 01/2011 Company Name City ,, State

e

Managed cross fimctional and cross business unit projects.

er A@ nom icp LROUr remap sa eR CERT Ee ince ona ited iie PeenedasreRal ace inpranccce Nasa sn OB TN
these loans exit.

Develop credit file checklists, product specific coding matrices, Green Light Memo and other tools to streamline and assist the business in
meeting Risk requirements.

Nb oo BN neo Cerone Om eG oresnca al Peale) ces Deca ne Pere wire B Mreeue (tice Ott) Bon LUA CON S|
Facilities, GFCIDs, GFPIDs, CAGIDs, Continuity of Business and PSE Guidelines).

Developed an Annual Review process for CBTX and worked with the business to bring all loans into compliance.

Developed training on GFCID, GFPIDs and CAGIDs for business and worked closely with RMs and RSOs to ensure all classifiably
managed loans had proper Global Risk Reporting identifications.

Managed derivative facility process for CBTX and then Decentralized Central Region including documentation, system input and reporting,
Re-engineered the derivative process for all regions in the US Local Commercial Bank.

Updated the coding and programming for the Facility Data Input Template for CRMS.

Managed data quality initiatives for US-Citi Commercial Bank (CCB) systers.

I exanevoan Ole NUlnenha sooty teccce On Oss DCPs Kom oe leou eee R OCB Roxen k@eren ues] Psa

Maintain Credit Authority Delegation database and reporting and documentation for US-LCB.

Presently the COB Coordinator for Risk Organizations in Texas and California.

ORES Ona ace Ce Omni Lan at

e e oy

Project Manager, Vice President 01/2003 to 01/2007 Company Name City , State

Managed large scale projects (over 40 hours of effort and budgets greater than S200K).
Facilitated requirements gathering with business partners and docurrentation.

Created Project documentation following (Software Development Life Cycle) SDLC guidelines.
Liaison between business partners and technology teams.

Reported status updates to senior management for both technology and commercial businesses.
Analyzed and resolved target problems with effective solutions.

OOo LcMMUUF el ous rela ed cena nice cBicone RUC toRS ny

Wrote compliance initiatives for corporate security policies.

Provided application support for Saratoga, TCL, PCFS2000, Stucky, Davox and NICE.
Pec BR uO Cre ee ILO Srl D None ice

Business System Analyst, Associate Vice President 01/2000 to 01/2003 Company Name City , State

¢ Researched technology business solutions to increase efficiency and revenues.

Liaison between business partners and technology teams for commercial business lending, small business finance, public finance and
manufactured home finance customers.

Reported and communicated status with senior management.

Managed a conversion project ftom DOS based TCL to Windows TCL for commercial lending customer.
(OrclcEncLomnecicchmiaci Oman conch omen ium boremarcieminsceliecalia ana

Provided support and maintenance for Saratoga, TCL, PCFS 2000, T Soff, Laser Pro Lending, and Micro Soft desktop programs.
Managed and organized moves for business partners.

Analyzed and resolved target problems with effective solutions.

Ce ee ee)

Education

BCIS degree Northlake College City , State GPA: GPA: 3.0 GPA: 3.0

BCIS degree North Central Texas College City , State GPA: GPA: 3.35 GPA: 3.35

aes hy

Church activities, Baseball and Football spectator, Gardening, Community Leader. Volunteer Organizations 1998 - 2001 Board Member and
Commissioner for Lewisville Baseball Association 2004 - Present CASA of Denton County - advisory board member 2009 - Present Lewisville
Task Force - founding board member 2010 - Present Lewisville Independent School District Board of Trustees 2015 - Present Denton County
PN occ eDsteas est

Additional Information
