SR. HOME MORTGAGE CONSULTANT - WELLS FARGO ADVISORS
Summary

Anaccomplished, results-driven team player with over 20 years of experience in financial services.
Extensive broad expertise in banking, finance, investments, insurance, and relationship management.

Demonstrated proficiency in new business development across all business lines.

als
Solid communication, interpersonal, time management, organizational, and keadership skills.

schivor anes
Company Name May 2015 Sr. Home Mortgage Consultant - Wells Fargo Advisors
lena El CG

4€¢Buikding solid relationships with referral partners, the Wells Fargo Advisors (team members) by developing and presenting a value proposition,
creating and presenting kead identification strategies. Receiving customer referrals/Ieads from the Financial Advisors and converting those
referrals/leads into mortgage loan applications. Remaining accountable to referral partner, customer and others during all aspects of the mortgage
financing process.

Main responsibilities include:

4€¢Relationship management: Instrumental in initiating, developing and managing relationships with Wells Fargo Advisors in an effort to partner
with Financial Advisors for referraViead generation.

Ra ow

&€¢Markets and sells WFHM mortgage products to new or existing WF customers using established inbound, outbound and cold calling
Koviire empire NR Ce ai cea] Betely cee

Quality Assurance:

&€¢Ensures loan salbility by prospecting customers who meet loan qualifications standards and/or by correctly interpreting underwriting guidelines
and policies. Central point of contact:

4€¢Acts as the primary source of contact for both the mortgage customer and the Financial Advisor throughout the loan process, including rate
quotes and locks, loan originations, and pipeline management.

Company Name March 2013 to May 2015 Sr. Home Mortgage Consultant
lena El CG

Cuckoo mmochinob erst nd ngedront otro nen errs) ce tects inanaucust acer t Bel vacoe
Business via corporate relationships, direct to consumer marketing and other third party Relationships, Wells Fargo Corporate Relocation
Consulting A- Completing loan structuring, pricing loan, locking loan rates, pipeline review accordance With WFC policies and procedures
A: Indepth knowkdge of investor and regulatory guidelines: FHA, VA, FNMA, FMLMC.

Company Name April 2010 to May 2012 Financial Advisor
lena El CG

Developing a book of business in order to meet and exceed the required performance hurdies A: Effectively sourcing prospecting clients,
capitalizing on referrak, assessing customer needs, referring customers to the appropriate service provider, and executing highly customized
Re cde kan red Pa Comorrineriesnictrangiurnectins koa, ccd Melrose om nucnancelc cores rcct tor}
their objectives, resources, time horizon, risk profile and preferences A- Balancing investrrent growth, refermal activities, customer follow up,
prospect building, administrative compliance and personal Fe Eka a ibaa Arcee elieaednolienenaoemechmrr em ene arty s)s1)
Pa ener rtbennituires rece occd (time, peopk, budget) PR eo arden SNe eC OM Toe Mu er OmOR sen iiiaslatuniied
and investment strategies for a client A- Establishing and maintaining relationship with the management team and informing management of
Pingitscrecnia eden cena cece mmol Eoinodenralacuitonnebtr threw Ua Qunr ey atieerinen cms st em
assessimenis, performance goals and continuing education requirements.

Company Name August 2008 to February 2010 Vice President, Wealth Advisor II
lena El CG

¢ Responsible for identifying prospective clients with a minimum of SIMM investabk assets.

© Utilize a profiling based approach with a wealth planning orientation to meet clients overall present and future wealth management needs.

* Prepare presentations, follow up on client contacts, and refér the sale of products and services including portfolio management, private
banking, trust, estate services, insurance, as wellas other services availabk across the Wells Fargo franchise.
