ACCOUNT RECEIVABLE

Executive Summary

Chanpion of continual process improvements to create more efficient work environments. Leads by example, developing, mentoring and sharing
ea CULVER a LCCC aun ena winLerlisaeninlerir eden cuelwene reteibieehiackObieaael cr’
delivery requirements. Excellent communication skills, organizational skills and customer service skills. Supports diversity, organizational astuteness,
and demonstrates consistent ability to develop and deepen client and partner relationships. Received awards for Customer service and satisfaction
consistently ranked in the top 88%. Awarded top performer out of 18 location for consistent and precise working standards within the banking
fuels

Core Qualifications

Microsoft Office, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Lotus notes, Outlook, 10 key, Data entry

Professional Experience

Account Receivable

January 2014 to January 2014 Company Name i’ City , State

© Processed and verified all incoming checks inputting the client information into the system.
© Prepared invoices for recording, process all account receivable and deposit cash receipts.

CREW Elirieetbiouseckedl pero crtrekareticr eared eminem atte

¢ Audited financial reports for accurate recording and process.

© Provide daily report for to ensure proper debits and credits are applied.

© Reconcile account booking saving over $1,000 from errors and omission from customers on outstanding invoices.
© Communicated with manager and other team member to resolve outstanding issues.

Treasury Services Advisor

January 2013 to January 2014 Company Name i City , State

© Researched, analyzed, and resolved a wide range of treasury, cash management and or depository products and service for Global Large
(Orel emeceniice

Provided a depth knowledge of Account Reconcilement, Cash Vault services, deposit derand accounts, Electronic Fike Transmission, Cash
Pro online usage, Autonnted Clearing House payments Wire Services and various treasury products and services Provided independent
account management, client servicing and implementation coordination of new services for highly complex accounts.

Identified opportunities to initiate client collaboration in the development of product services including recommending new products to
fora

Doe \wekoed ange roneceen cn eloR i Be nicniee ne Rtaobanee RaLCnaeecto eke genam alo NY Bin cana lnc

¢ Awarded Bank of America Silver medal for customer satisfaction score rating in top percentik.

Provided day-to-day account servicing and resolution of routine to moderately complex inquiries (such as ACH, ARP, cash vault, lockbox,
DDA and other platform) and operational requests for accounts and clients.

Lead Ops Representative
January 2007 to January 2013 Company Name i City , State

Assisted and managed a team geared to retrieve checks from Image ATM and organize the daily Workflow.

Responsible for debiting/crediting customer's general edger accounts, with minimal impact to the Bank and clients.
Established and maintained regular management routines to identify and communicate key priorities with stakeholders.
Effectively influences clients to prioritize reporting efforts and follow best practices.

Established and maintained effective filing system to identify and communicate system production issues to include resolution or escalation to
reduce customer impacts.

Effectively influences internal partners to prioritize and resolve outstanding system issues.

Escahted problens to the appropriate line of business.

Prepared and organized information for analytical reports, prepare and facilitate meeting agenda and other data as needed.
Give internal business partners and extemal clients tours of the department.

Maintained time keeping schedule for associates absence, tardiness, vacation and sick leaves.

Cash Vault
January 2010 to January 2012 Company Name i City , State

© Prepared incoming cash from customers, counting and strapping it with the help ofa cash counting machine.

© Executed all aspects ofsystem hardware operations that required the input of large quantities of cash into the machine.
© Resulting in minimal impact to clients.

© Prepared cash out or cash in ticket to adjust out of balance issues.

Customer Service Representative
RES AUR Ran mA eRe lian clea LON mEST l(c

© Executed all aspects of customer service incoming call center including inquiries, billing and activation of cellular service.
« Answered telephone for service questions for customer support,document the client needs.

RoR ome nario
