SENIOR LENDING OFFICER - VP EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Summary

As the Senior Lending Officer at a regional Commumity Bank in Upstate NY, my role and responsibilities were for that of the outbound sales
growth of the Lending fimetion of the bank. Over the past five years I have effectively grown each segment of the bank including Residential

Mortgages, Consumer and Commercial lending. Each sub segrrent of the banks business has been given a new department manager to help

execute the action steps for growth and planned operating efficiencies as a result of my planned new initiatives as suggested by being a part of the
eat cB Ecole ere tL aed

Senior Commercial Lender with 25 years as a leader in the financial industry. Service-oriented with expertise in buikding a solid customer base.

Highlights
© Srl Business Development Leader. © Effectively grew Commercial Loan balances 5-10% each of the
© Product Line Expansion on both Residential Mortgage and past five years.
(Ai ctiem ese Ulery * Established a robust outbound calling plan for the banks sales
PEO eclancePavauiniuarangeinaratscs ioe
© Created a CRM platform with the banks BakerHill Commercial © Designed and implemented an Incentive Compensation Plan
Software. (ICP) for the sales force.
© Impkmented new software systems with MortgageBot and * Active member of local financing agency's Board of Directors
Dovey oli aien (GSBDC and NYBDC)
schivor anes

Senior Lending Officer - VP Executive Officer 11/2009 to Current Company Narre City , State

* Responsible for the Management and Development of six(6) Commercial Lending Officers whose roles and responsibilities include the
development of new business within their assigned areas of responsibilities and portfolios.

Fo rawcunnn oncom UCHR prawmeelteaes@anciedeeuiserkehom pel sca on ctli

C&I and CREM portfolio active balance growth for the bank to over $150,000.0 representing a 5% year/year growth rate.
Responsible for the management and fimctionality of the banks Residential Mortgage Group including the groups 7 staff members.
Responsible for the development and management of the Consumer Loan Manager.

Commercial Lender - Regional Medical Liaison 10/2008 to 11/2009 Company Name City , State

* Responsible for the outbound sales and servicing activity of the Commercial Lending and Business Banking activity/fimetion in the Syracuse
region.
© Small business expert for this segment.

Commercial TEAM Leader 04/1998 to 10/2008 Company Name City , State

* Responsible for the development and growth of five (5) Commercial Lenders whose responsibilities and goals included the management of
existing Commercial relationship within the bank and the new business development ina holistic approach.

Commercial Lending Officer - AVP 09/1994 to 04/1998 Company Name City , State

© Responsible for the daily management and monitoring ofa $25,000.0 lending portfolio through ten (10) Bank branch offices covering three
Western NY counties.

© Activities included the development of new and existing loan business as well as solicitation of retail, trust & investment and insurance
tse

© Generated over $30,000.0 in new comercial originations during this period.

Business Developnent/Conmrercial Lending Officer 09/1991 to 09/1994 Company Nanx City , State

© Responsible for the outbound sales and management of Business Banking Credits along with the cash management sales of related bank
prodtxts.
¢ Also active in the preparation of case and credit analysis cases for the origination of bank assets.

Advanced Staff Auditor 07/1988 to 08/1991 Company Narre City , State

© Responsible for the complete and accurate compktion of client job work-papers for a variety of industries including Municipal, Private, Real
Estate, Manufacturing, Wholesale and Retail segments of the local business market.

¢ Related Federal and State Income Tax retum preparation along with personal income tax return preparation were an additional critical
component ofall jobs performed.

Staff Accounts Payable Clerk 06/1985 to 06/1988 Company Narre City , State
