CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Sumnnry of Skils

Strategic Planning/Mamgement
Strong communication skills

Strong credit/financial analysis skills
Team buidder/collaborator

Sales managenent

Negotiation skills

Sioa dienkivad

Project management
Planning/execution

Cross Functional leadership

Professional Experience
Oraa@orlunzeitcag
June 2008 to January 2010 Company Name - City , State

© Recruited by the Board of Directors to become COO.

Oversaw all aspects of this 35+ year old medical practice comprised of 5 freestanding radiation oncology clinics located in the South Puget
Sound with 8 physicians (6 whom are owners) and 64 employees.

¢ Revenues grew fiom $48MM in 2008 to over $53MM in 2014.
© This was duc to the addition of two offices (one in Gig Harbor and one in Olympia) as well as additional modalities of treatent.

Achievenents: Saved the company over $160,000 in 2015 due to hard negotiations with our Electronic Medical Record vendor due to
Fee m aS OTEET STL

Saved the company over $120,000 annually by negotiating with the bank to lower interest rates on loans in early 2009.

Brought two construction projects, one for a new clinic with a $6.5MM budget and the other for an extensive remodel with a $4.5MM
budget, under budget and on time saving $200,000 in total.

Brought in a consultant to successfully tum the Board Meetings into efficient, professional meetings with strict agendas, time allotments for
each topic and rules of order.

Prior to that, the meetings were overly lengthy, ineffective and combative.

© This resulted in fewer meetings, which have been far more efléctive.

Oversaw the opening ofand addition ofa Urology practice as well as the first mobile Brachytherapy umit in the State of WA (for the
iicluraneeacleelonwysexe cece s

Both contributed to an increase in revenues to the company of more than $1MM annually.

Successfilly negotiated with two of the owners for buyouts on behalfof the Board.

One was amicable and the other was contentious.

This will result in cost savings to the company in excess of $1MM annually.

May 1998 to May 2008 Company Nam - City , State

© COLB was started in 1993 and has grown to an $8.5 billion dollar, 150+ branch community bank in WA, ORE and ID,

Recruited by and joined as Vice President and Commercial Banker with no loan portfolio 05/1998 Through aggressive sales
Policdaniccunosuianmeeco eC Re om kU MV Enkin eaPOR m UW Y BI KeOr LG CH IE conc mM DCR CoE ani ia rec Runes)
consistent and active marketing plan aimed at targeting well known businesses in the area as well as utilizing a strong referral base consisting
Oana ace LnCHicrtreRotunreelc ene albee Sale

Promoted to SVP due to growth of portfolio and fee income/refervals 06/2001 Promoted to SVP and SWWA Commercial Banking
Manager 06/2003 In this position, I was responsible for 8 commercial middke market lenders, whose territory stretched from Auburn to
Coa aa iw

While Colurbia had started via a bank in Longview, it had been negkected froma commercial lending standpoint.

I spent considerable time and effort in working with the lending center there to establish a robust and larger presence.

¢ Achievenents: Overall TEAM portfolio grew from outstandings of $100MM to over $160MM in a highly competitive, charged

oye ene

© Atone time this was the largest commercial market in the Bank (CB later entered Seattle, King County).

Impkmented monthly sales meetings to emphasize consistent marketing and calling efforts, both with prospects and in cross-selling to
otctleearcy ieee

This resulted in deposit growth within the group from $100MM to over $200MM and fee income exceeding $1,200,000 annually.

Ako during this time I was active in mentoring individual lenders, assisting with credit structure and pricing and calling on both prospects and
existing clients.

I worked hard to foster strong lines of communication and collaboration with other departments in the Bank who were our partners in
business development and instrumental in our success.

Was asked to join Loan Committee as a voting member.

June 2005

As my credit knowledge and responsibilities had grown, I was asked and approved to sit on the Bank's loan committee.
This was an opportune time to view all of the various types of credits that were presented.
