BRANCH BANKING COORDINATOR
Summary
Manager with 12 years of background in customer service, finance, leadership and branch management. Vast knowledge of finance, regulatory
requirements and general bank operations. Enthusiastic and energetic in leading staff to exceed sales goals, whik delivering excellent customer
service. A dedicated team player experienced in overseeing operations of individual and multi-unit facilities, developing successful programs to
improve profitability. Diligent and driven individual who Ins achieved success ina variety of roles with increasing levels of responsbility. An
eflective communicator and team builder with strong analytical, management and organizational skills.

brairestbeny

BBA: Banking 2015 Strayer University , City , State

High Schoo! Diplom : College Preparatory 1999 Holly Hill Roberts High School, City , State

schivor anes

On ANE O AEC LCE cascade Goes m teem er enect¢

Supervise and participate in daily operational fimctions of the branch's Teller area

Ensure timely and efficient completion of client transactions

Proactively manage the daily sales/quality referral process

Assist HR with recruiting, interviewing, and selecting oncoming associates

Research Out of Balance Transactions/Daily Reports/Completed corrections in a timely manner, with daily Vault Operations/Cash Master
Assist with Risk Management practices while being responsible for staffing and scheduling of branch

Complete Staff Development/Performance Reviews/Salary Administration Ensure operating procedures are followed as outlmed in the
Branch Operational Manual (BOM).

Company Name City , State Guest Service Agent 04/2012 to 062015

Greets, registers, and assigns rooms to guests, while maintaining confidential information as it relates to guest records.
Promptly and effectively deals with guest requests and comphints.

Answers and routes calls as appropriate; takes guest messages with accuracy.

Responsibke for cash drawer contents, transactions during shift, and night drops as necessary.

Maintains accurate records including cash flows, registration cards, reservation cards, and property walks.

Answers inquiries pertaining to hotel services, registration of guests, and travel directions.A

Preferred experience OnQ Software.

Company Name City , State Service Manager II 07/2007 to 02/2012

© Ensure policies, procedures and security guidelines are followed Educate custorrers on products, services and alternative solutions.

© Maintained compliance of vault, deposit logs, & risk mitigation Conducted on the spot coaching to ensure tellers convey quality customer
oso

© Exhibited effective kadership skills in motivating teams to meet company goals.

© Assisted in Hiring, Terminating, Training Created/Maintamed/Delivered Performance Evaluations of Employees Performed initial
Audits/Reports randomly on a monthly basis.

Company Name City , State Manager/Auditor 02/2004 to 06/2007

Processed guest payments for room charges, food and beverage charges and phone charges.
[Gee let Pe neB rou a CeBub che eB COU CB reel cite

Delivered requested items to guests’ rooms.

Processed credit card transactions during the checkout process.

Supervised front desk stafl

Monitored the appearance and performance of the front desk staff

Wen rete CAO Lense hee ecmel reo eeaec ie ency

Performed bookkeeping activities, such as balancing accounts and conducting nightly audits.
Recorded guest comments or comphints, referring customers to managers as necessary.
Directed personnel, training and labor relations activities.

Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve
work-related problens.

als

Accounting, accounts payable, Accounts Payable and Receivabk, auditing, balance sheet, billmg, bookkeeping, Budgets, cash receipts, Closing,
Coaching, Excellent commumication, hardware, Conflict resolution, contracts, Credit, checkout process, client, Customer Relations, excellent
customer service, Customer Service, finance, financial, Forecasting, forklifts, Hiring, Human resources management, Human Resource, HR,
internal audit, internet connectivity, labor relations, Team building, Leadership Skill, loss prevention, Managing, marketing, money, 97, Operations
mmnagenent, Payroll, Performance Reviews, personnel, Policies, processes, process improvement, quality, quality control, Recruiting, Research,
Risk Managerent, Saks, Scheduling, shipping, Staff Development, staffing, telephone, telephone etiquette, phone, time management, Trainer,
Mahia s)eciiats4
