CO] NSBR ENN N@]AC
Riverarsag

Finance professional successful in not-for-profit and for-profit organizations wanting to resume career after meeting personal goals and obtaining
unrestricted work authorization.

Sag

Feelin sin Lem ocelot em atpeckibodasial scm esha aueleallalt oem sili em lhe Satie Wess Tees eT Ota}
Pilea e ua eo Men Mme sc Me hcelinope@imieea balan sr econneminnaal boneiniom ileal AGNES oeLonaey|
ledger, government grant proposals, inventory management, investment Banking, invoicing, accounts payables, accounts receivables, legal issues,
Sets Sm een alii eny

Experience
ena en anoy
December 2009 to July 2014 Company Nant i City , State

Perform due diligence on potential grant opportunities and monitor current fimds portfolio.

This included reading all government updates on healthcare research finding, related financial matters and audits.

Worked as an integral person in all facets of financial administration in a small team with a culture of inclusion.

Have been appreciated and respected for my hard working skills and eagemess to eam.

Having worked with some of the best researchers in the healthcare field, I have had to wear multiple hats and work with tight deadlines.
Specialized in preparing grant proposals for both federal and non-federal sponsors that included various grants mechanisms, Clinical Trai,
Research Contracts and IPAs.

Held a key role in pulling together and maintaining a large and complex international grant that involved 21 sites (domestic and international).
¢ This rok enabled ime to become an excellent team phyer.

Managed all post-award administration for all types of sponsored research projects including, subaccounts, budgeting, creating purchase
orders, invoicing, monitoring, expense processing and reconciliation, financial reporting, IRB, OMB circular and University policy
compliance and close-outs.

Held administrative responsibilities like petty cash custodianship, space and infrastructure planner for the entire Program.

Also assisted the Progrants clinical finance and administrative activities.

OCR ialneg
January 2008 to June 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

PE cclibc cbt Renin ees vi rclinuiin pd eccet ae noheed gan icneb nn uk @ on enaM es omiclaN
Affica, called the Botswana Program, in the Division of Infectious Diseases.

© Designed a patient billing database for a specialty lab service in the Division of Pulmonary Medicine that improved invoicing and collections.

¢ Specialized in post-award administration for all types of sponsored research projects including, subaccounts, budgeting, creating purchase
orders, invoicing, monitoring, expense processing and reconciliation, financial reporting, IRB OMB circular and University policy
compliance and close-outs.

Manager - Corporate Banking
May 2004 to August 2006 Company Name

Pee Daperuind Quer ee BSN cOP OMA cee Sess ose Oe S PA oe eS uei cl) os em Nae eca eae pets] SBT
multiple risk perspectives, asset valuation, collateral security evaluation, loan sanctions and post sanction monitoring,

© Thorough knowkdge of credit policies & financial statement analysis of clients.

Prepared detailed appraisal reports for different types of credit facilities ncluding term loans, working capital fmancing, bills discounting,

bank guarantees, project financing and micro financing.

Meeting new clients for sourcing potential customers, analyzing their income statements and balance sheets and writing detailed

recommendation reports for the top management.

Investment Banking Division Managed pre and post issue management fimetions related to IPOs, follow-on offerings, rights issue and bonds

hem

¢ Handked legal cases pertaining to public/right issues managed by the bank.

PrN E eran eceon ye cei Lecw Or UP COR NLL s MMP arn INA ON Penn eS eu ee bill Orne) ye

Oe eur sacs ccna ROg ere it) Mica aoa RCRD ETD NOR at!

Sa ASCP ines auiniics eek necrcr nue lentes ee bier ice

Independently performed SOX audits and tests for the bank's RTGS (Real Time Gross Settlement) payment settlement system that included

study of prevailing processes, matching existing process with standards already set in PCDM (Process contro! Document Matrix), finding

Oey bercetnemelonzeeleel ve resin cece

Education

Master of Philosophy : Organizational Dynamics Leadership Managerrent , 2013 University of Pennsylvania i City , USA Organizational
Dynamics Leadership Management

Certified Research Administrator, CRA 2011 Research Administrators Certification Council New York, USA Certification - Investment Banking :
2007
