RESEARCH ASSISTANT

Summary

Seeking a position in a research institution or a university

SIS

© Managerial Accounting, Legal Environment of Business, Financial Managerrent, Operations Managerrent, Business

Informtion Systems, Managerial Economics, Organizational Behavior and Managerrent Processes, Quantitative eee
Analysis for Business Decisions, Financial Statement Analysis, Marketing Managenent, Strategic Managenent, and eV eet
Professional Paper and Presentation Managerial Accounting, Legal Environment of Business, Financial Management, PowerPointMicrosoft
Operations Management, Business Informtion Systems, Managerial Economics, Organizational Behavior and

. outvnarecets
Nanas eee ote ey races terete nee tes ernest
Managerrent, Strategic Management, and Professional Paper and Presentation. Microsoft Word nace
Experience
02/2005 to 05/2005
Research Assistant Company Name

© College of Business Administration and Economics, New Mexico State University, NM.
© Do musket research, prepare and write business and marketing plans for start-up companies.
© Work under the supervision of Dr. Kevin Boberg, Associate Dean.

01/2002 to 01/2003
Officer Company Nane

itis eGo am escN aU MoE (Nia A RMU RUN Mires odo cneeeannen cm BOIS NOM cTe Teen
Acted as an interpreter when needed.

Developed and maintained the correspondent banking relationship with Russian banks.

I Coateta eo Mestre nescence mice ences cm

Worked on the Returnee project between Vietnam and the German Reconstruction Bank.

Ce eRolromteniasiliver ine ke ae es RCL a

02/1999 to 02/2001
02/1999
Company Name

* Certificate of Liaison Officer by the Ministry of Trade, Vietnam (http/Avww.mot.gov.vn) Group Prize) in the National Students’ Scientific
Research Competition organized by the Ministry of Education and Training (http/Avww.moet.edu.vn).

Innovative Medal for the Youth,

Cea Lee

Education and Training

2005

Master of Business Administration New Mexico State University

WEN rAt AU)

NM 4.00

wl

Bachelor of Economics Foreign Trade University i City Vietnam Recipient of the 2004-2005 Glen Yoquekt Scholarship, College of Business
Administration and Economics, New Mexico State University, NM. Graduate Assistantship, College of Business Administration and Economics,
New Mexico State University, NM.

Activities and Honors

Certificate of Luiison Officer by the Ministry of Trade, Vietnam (hitp/Avww.mot.gov.vn) Group Prize) in the National Students’ Scientific
Research Competition organized by the Ministry of Education and Training (http/Avww.moet.edu.vn). Innovative Medal for the Youth.
PXiehieosl penn ceny

© Awards, Honors and Achievement 2004
