SVP, BUSINESS BANKING

Executive Profile

Executive Banker with experience in all facets of banking: growth strategy (retail and commercial); operations; business development; and sales anc
marketing, all with an entrepreneurial spirit. A macro-kevel thinker with a proven track record for structuring and negotiating sound, credit-worthy
business and buiking strong tearrs, able to meet company-wide financial goals.

ivitecc eed i nae annd

July 2015

to

[OTs

Company Name City , State SVP, Business Banking

AUB was founded in 2006 by a diverse group of Los Angeles-based entrepreneurs whose vision included serving the banking needs ofsmalt and
medium-sized businesses in metropolitan Los Angeks and its surrounds.

* Directly responsible for the Bank's Business Banking Group a $55 million production P/L budget - CRE; C&1; Asset Based Lending and
R278

Manage the Bank's Private Banking (high-net-worth) clientele portfolio totaling some $75 million.

Supervise the credit administration process at the BBG level.

Quickly assess a financial package that is highly complex and contains numerous sources of cash flow.

Responsible for the strategic sales plan, marketing, and hizing of staff.

Oversee training and monitor team performance to instill and maintain the integrity of the business development process.

Present monthly sales and forecast, reporting directly to the board of directors.

Manager FIVE commercial (CRE, C&I & SBA) branches with a staff of six business development officers.

Advance the Bank's image as its community representative and foster an environment ofaccountability, excellence, collaboration, and fiscal

responsibility.

January 2012

to

July 2015

Company Name City , State SVP, Administration/Operating/Finance

ener cubso ee oneS Coe eC RE ee cone coal en uae ance Renin cam eculcctRoelcuipanens Roti Boboibecccy
The bank is a CDFI, MDI, Minority Owned as wellas SBA certified.

© Successfully merged and negotiated the Bank's merger with Finance & Thrift via a reverse stock split acquisition.

¢ Successfillly raised $6.4 million in CRA via equity capital (SPA) stock purchase agreement - July 2014.

© Led the Bank's cost restructuring by decreasing headcount by 29%, selling two of the three branches, and netting $1.1 million in capital

proceeds, saving the bank $637 thousand annually,

Led the Bank's business development and SBA certification program, affording a $9.2 million loan growth.

Responsible for the Bank's community outreach programs, and all of its marketing and sales strategy.

Cut vendor costs by $97 thousand in first sixty days of employment by eliminating/negotiating contracts.

DPA arene con een LE LVN MLO CAM STU ORS NecmE KOC be) OME liCoeMentape coli m

Managed the Bank's community reinvestment objectives through technical assistance and understanding credit.

Impkmented the Bank's new ALLL methodology, affording a $125 thousand provision in 2013, versus a combined $2.4 million provision

for 2012 and 2011.

© The Bank recognized profit for the first time in six years: $404K in 1Q2013.

© Responsible for reporting the quarterly ALM to the board and member of the audit(Compliance/ALM committee.

© Led contract negotiations with Jack Henry, bank's core system, affording the bank $129 thousand in savings while adding new technology:
mobil banking; orrline banking, Check 21; Yellow Hanarer; and COGNOS.

© Led and mamaged the Bank's 2013 budget and presented to the board of directors.

Rn PANE

to

December 2011

Company Narre City , State President

Primavera Capital provides consulting services to middle-market companies requiring corporate finance advisory, access to capital, debt
restructuring, and eflective business plans. Toltec financial, a consumer retail finance company, lending in the consumer segyrent, secured/umsecured

Nanos

Developed new market (B2B), generating sakes of $750K in the first four months.

Successfilly developed the wholesale market segmentation strategy that Ied to an increase in monthly saks of $125K.

Created working capital KPIs for client which ed to company savings of $323K in just one year,

Responsible for the annual operating plan (AOP) and execution of all company-wide financial goals.

Successfilly hired and trained all staff and set quarterly sales goals in a bi-lingual business enviroment.

Responsible for the monthly P/L forecast, sales goals, and monthly presentations to the board of directors.

In charge of analyzing market conditions, developing marketing strategies, and recommending changes to the board of directors in order to
