CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Professional Summary

Office professional with an extensive background of more than twelve years of Customer Service, Account Manager and Office Administrative
Support. Exude strong and excellent communications skills and creative support with team-building and the ability work independently. I adapt to
Cimicret aa mre rh corn eens ciiemes relied Oueintbrarcicas Rice benuibd

als
© Typing 55 wpnyTen-Key 10500 kspm
© Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook)
CRED ARBO My Otome CON reso Cs
¢ Agency Management System (AMS, 360, Sagitata)
CE levateor nace @PNUI Pape icy caely
© CRM Software Systems
© Quick lamer

Work History
Customer Service Representative 09/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Provide customer support to accounts, track orders, provided price quotes, order changes and/or cancellations.
© Identify customers’ needs, research issue and comphints with probkm solving for resolution.

* Assist to ensure professional and exceptional customer service with products inquiry and online services.

© Document account and conversation during inbound and outbound calls in call center environment.

Owner 01/2015 to 09/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Responsible for day-to-day operations of online retail store, including saks, stock and resource management.
* Develop social media strategy and set goals to increase brand awareness and A engagement.
¢ Maintained online storeffont and social media platforms with new products and marketing saks promotions.

[Ovnineda jenn eenewacneniannLem tec mnt EAA) be}
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Temporary assignment ended March 214 - Jan.
Pe Murncconttaatireletys istry ass enwgeontc emcee te aribes a ogcntiirccasl pmired veloc
Concer tonytrekeonrem ae otiaessel aman corer bare

Pence (naam acta menbrcse cierto grarcaren ke strcmlitenr cr

* Followed-Up on policy change request issued by carriers and/or sub agents.

Insurance Customer Associate 02/2011 to 10/2013

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Office location closed Feb.011- Oct.

© 2013 Provided customer service for retail brokerage firmas an inbound call center representative to new and existing policyholders and
Bye os

CMS katie kms cca one Cnet acy

« Exphin insurance coverage and cligbility requirements for non-standard auto policiesA

* Processed policy changes (endorsements, cancellations, and reinstatements) and issued DMV vehicle registrationsA,

© Issued auto insurance ID cards, accept and applied monthly payments to policy premiums.

piStrlneweion i ernst com en R Om ELPA]
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Reviewed rates ina competitive markets for qualifying customers with various insurance carriers.

« Advertised business product brochures and distributed to potential customers.

© Updated client information for policy changes for clients including name, address and coverage.

* Market multiple lines of business such as Commercial and Personal Lines, Ocean Marine, and Workers' Compensation.

Onecare onuie Puen cAuliny
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Processed and analyzed Commercial insurance applications, rated and provided quotes Followed underwriting guidelines to determine risk
exposure and eligibility Requested loss rum reports and issued certificates of insurance from carrier systems Conducted policy changes for
clients and ensured all information was accurate Processed binders, endorsements, cancellations, reinstatements and policy renewals.

Commercial Lines Underwriting Supervisor Company Name a€“ City , State
