BUSINESS BANKING SPECIALIST
Riterersay
Top-performing professional with over 6 years experience in banking and finance. Secking to take the next step in my career as a Regional
Banking Branch Manager 2. Prior experience ina role as a business advocate Basic knowledge and understanding of retail and/or small business
products and strategies Knowkdge and understanding of mortgage industry and retail banking operations Experience sourcing small business
Cron Pinan ecoccanlera crc onus Oh eciibne buen ei uw silencer “lc tsi os

Say

Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft Outlook

eae

Fluent in English and Spanish- Reading and Writing

Experience

ALU (erotics

Business Banking Specialist Company Name 1 City

¢ Effective organizational, multi tasking, and prioritizing skills Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Proficient with
proactively sourcing, acquiring, building, and maintaining relationships with customers and colleagues High motivation with ability to
successfully meet individual and team goals Ability to work independently without supervision Basic Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and
Outhok) skills.

01/2014 to 01/2016
enor psc com Gen client Ry OnitY

¢ Experience keading or participating in events and activities for local networks or professional organizations, such as the chamber of
(elirirarecrtns Bete eccL ela Liss ccce ue om

ON Ncat naam aloes ORULOB EE LU Mone cep Laces LO oom de aro ce OMe Sr nee Elin coy
Mitigating losses and Risks for the branch.

Coaching in the monent by conducting bankers and tellers DBE's, and providing constructive feedback to my peers.

Partner with branch manager and service manager to coach and mentor team members.

Conducting moming huddles and meeting to go over any updates and options on how to improve our customer experience and present the
onvanelcenenienn email cis

OMe RUM LoN SNe RHUa anche tual

Attending the Business Hubs every Thursdays.

© Responsible for satisfying all customer service needs and to assist them with succeeding financially through quality retail product sales and
Patan

Perforns a wide range of services including exercising excellent customer service in all custonrr interactions and following up on Teller
pata

© Primmry functions surround proactively servicing mass-market customers, and referring custonxrs to other areas of the bank for more
complex products and services.

Ability to speak clearly, succinctly, and accurately using a pleasant tone while using common conversational courtesies Attending the
Business hubs every other Thursday with my business partners and fellow team members as part of my Business Advocate rok.

Call my assigned business leads and attend fect on the street every other Thursday to introduce myself to our local businesses.
Experience interacting positively with difficult or hostile customers.

Providing Notary Service for our customers and non customers.

Buikiing long termrelationships with our customers and deepens the understanding of our customers’ financial needs and provides

Pie leccs eb) ST LeL Otc

Stay within all store policy and procedure, mitigating losses.

Provide personal financial counseling, assist with lending services, and build relationships with existing customers to sustain high satisfaction
ratings and retention.

Review and approve checks for cashing, and answer questions on accounts, loans, and staterrents.

Assist customers during loan and account application process.

ee

01/2013 to 01/2014
PUM lca @onine aca aOsY

e

Manage the Teller’s work flow to ensure success with daily cash balancing, buikding great rapport with customers, and meeting their referral
and sakes goal- all while maintaining an ethical and positive work environment for all.

Requires little supervision and juggle a variety of tasks including exercising excellent customer service in all customer interactions and
managing and resolving customer conflicts.

Follow procedures to minimize errors and reduce fraud.

yore orm BL ONMMil venti Rca wea Obra minankivenaues iiss

Create, train, and coach a successful service and sales team.

Ensure compliance with audit and operational regulations and guidelines with the bank.

Support the Service Manager with daily operational tasks Assisting in resolving difficult customer service issues with quick and professional
Pee y

Education and Trainng
