PROGRAM MANAGER FINANCIAL MANAGER, FACILITIES MANAGER

Summary

18 years of experience for Operations manager Housing and Financial Institutions as well as healthcare sector with experience of successfully
coordinating the activities of various departments concemed with the production, pricing, sales, and distribution of products & services.
Comfortable working with people ofall levels and having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and developing business
processes. Having proven people management skills, with the ability to manage performance and motivate staffon an individual and team level.
Now looking for a new and challenging managerial or consultancy position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and
ako firther my personal and professional development Core Competencies Competition Analysis - Ability to analyze and compare finm's products
with that of competitors. Good commumication and managerrent skills - effective leader and motivator. Selfassured and confident. Objective
Statement Desire to joi a fast paced growing firm that offers a constructive workplace to develop brand strategies, initiate strategic alliances,
promote new products, and interact with new clients in order to develop sustained business for the organization.

Skills

Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point Software: Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, Adobe Photoshop, outlook and Databases Clarity
system, Boston Post and HMIS database system

schivor anes

OR IPAU SROs

Program Manager Financial Manager, Facilities Manager Company Name i City , State

Driving operational improvements, maximizing the value of the asset base while ensuring a tight control on Operational costs.
Responsible for monitoring and continually improving standards of performance and quality within the operation.
Duties: Managing a team of approximately 20 employees in a busy work environment.

Negotiating contracts, ensuring that they balance value and risk.

Establish and implement departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures.

Creating, managing and analyzing performance data and other information.

Ensuring that capacity and capability are continually planned.

J Dees resume canlineeee cease end ecasrallneeRt Ts (aL

Ensuring compliance to all Enviromental Health & Safety goals & objectives.

Producing Operations manuals which define how the business is to be run.

AN elecuiezo Oe aCyiinlnoe

04/2005 to 02/2008
Clinic Manager Company Name

Manager of the Facility activities and care plan development, service level determination, on-site field.

Responsible for direct supervision of clinical staffand ensures adherence to intemal policies/standards.

Participates in the recruitment, interviewed and orientation of team members.

Evaluates their performance relative to job goals/requirements; reviews records/docurrentation to ensure regulatory and in-house
compliance.

* Coaches staffand recommends in-service education programs and manages the assignment of clinical associates.

© Ensures service quality and care coordination to ensure proper communication between physicians and patients.

Discusses operational issues, updates on new/changed regulations and Oversight of clinical integrity of appropriated quality of care
provided, visits utilization, Accountable for financial budget goals through utilization and providing appropriate and accurate patient care,
case mx weight, and appropriate utilization of delivery of patient care.

01/2001 to 03/2005

Marketing Manager Company Name i City
06/1992 to 12/1998

Deck @ore tie NC AOl Nal

Impkmenting new operational processes and procedures.

Establishing and maintaining Roles and Responsibilities for personnel under your management.

Delivering regular team communications and organizing monthly meetings.

Controlling all associated operational costs according to the prevailing annual budget forecast.

Supporting the planning, development and overall managerrent of project budgets, in collaboration with relevant senior field managers and
HQ staff.

Secking ways of adding value to existing work areas.

Working closely to build and maintain close working relationship with clients.

Maximizing accuracy, productivity and space utilization.

FOOSE OR ea cramUb neces ame lave eererenme) acl

Solving disputes and comphints ina professional manner and within guidelines.

Developed new marketing strategies to capture market channels with new clients.

Brought new processes to firm for its growth, using various marketing strategies and communication skills in order to brand the firm in the
market and attract new clients.

Developed strategies and business for the firm by building corporate relationships with customers and the industry/market leaders.

© Utilized sales and marketing tools to create brand awareness in the market.

* Introduced improvements in business strategies based on customer feedback.
