ASSISTANT BANKING CENTER MANAGER
Executive Summary

Results-focused management professional offering 6 years of progressive leadership experience. Transforms hight potential staff into outstanding
kaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success.

Core Qualifications
* Operations management
© Cross-fimetional team management
© Microsoft Certified, 120+ WPM © Stafftraining
* Top-rated sales performer PE) ei ceBeouet seg
© Training and development © Sound judgment
© Experience using various corporate software systems (Hummingbird, C-Net, Touch © Computer-savwy
Feet om © Calmunder pressure
CMe gros capone Burley unciic) © Complex problem solving
© Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite and web-based reporting tools © Top 10% Performer in Sales, Loans and
© Budget development O}narlt oe
¢ Platinum Loan Award
Peer ea ctiiad

alg

Detail-oriented excellent problem solving skills and extensive social media marketing experience.

Results-oriented with the ability to lead organizations to successfill product launches and higher revenues.

Brmoiiceb keke yn cke ale telacetce

Excel at interfacing with others at all levels to ensure organizational goals are attained.

Proactive approach has resulted in capturing numerous accounts and expanding client base.

Possess excellent interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills.

Excel within highly competitive environments where leadership skills are the keys to success.

Creative with broad-based background in highly competitive and dynamic organizations.

Recognized as a decisive leader and excellent team player Account maintenance Business recovery and sustainability Operations analysis
Procedure and process review and development

Automate, banking, Budget development, business development, C, CoachING, Cold Calling, Excellent Communication, credit analysis,
clientele, customer service, marketing, mergers, Microsoft Certified, Microsoft Office Suite, Fast lamer, reporting, retail, risk analysis,
sellng, sakes, strategic alliances

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Assistant Banking Center Mamger 01/2010 to Current

Financial reporting

Bank reconciliations

I Grey cseke leur ire] es NmN aL eltsicen ese) cy

Complex problem solving skills

Peery

Creative design Strategic planning Sales and Marketing Increased annual gross sales by 15%.

Developed direct mass mailings which resulted in 8% growth of customer base.

Sales and Promotion Achieved status as one of the top 10 performers in the region.

Assisted in planning and executing promotional events.

Client Interface Managed accounting close, accounts payable, and financial reporting for multiple clients.

Profile management position accountable for soliciting business accounts and Developing strategic alliances with clientele.

Develop tactics to increase assets and profitability within a territory Develop and implement innovative marketing principles and promotional
sales events for Commercial and personal projects to further support financial growth,

Aco bey ele Ceesreriekd SCRUM GeI EOP ALCHLCHM Oe ITC CM IS Wal ice heer Oberle ela tice

Cross-sell banking services and products to clientele. Participate in commumity events to position the bank as a leader within the territory.
Manage Staff, and Compliance throughout Banking Center Coach staff in profile minagerent, compliance, balancing Prepare for quarterly
audits Highlights: Excellent Communication Skills Fast leamer, and excellent training skills Obtaining Loans: Personal, Home Equity, Vehicle,
Commercial, and Small Business Cross-selling: Personal and Business accounts including investments Cold Calling On Site visits to local
business Manages All Staff, follows HR and corresponding Governance Managed banking center during mergers and acquisition Multi-
Task, Handled Risk and Operations Achieving beyond expected quota each quarter.

Company Name City , State Sr. Financial Banker 07/2007 to 01/2010

© Profile management position accountable for soliciting business accounts and developing strategic alliances with clientek.
* Develop tactics to increase assets and profitability within a territory Develop and implement innovative marketing principles and promotional
