ASSISTANT BOY'S BASKETBALL COACH
Summary

4€ceA bility plus opportunity equals responsibility.4€
Clyde Muse

The Mission: 4€ceTherefore go and make disciples ofall nations. baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy spirit, and
teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you.d€ (Matt.28:19-20, NIV)

rN
The Exanpk: "just as the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many." (Matt. 20:28, NIV)

rN

The Commitment: "So I say, live by the Spirit... But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness
and self control. Against such things there is no law." (Gal. 5:16,22, NIV)

rN

The work of Christ is to allow His Spirit to working in you. My whole existence is to live, work and ply looking for opportunities to better the
lives of others though Christ. The commitment to serve to your fellow man is the responsibility of every Christian.

schivor anes
08/2013 to Current
Assistant Boy's Basketball Coach Company Name - City , State

© Analyze the teants strengths and weaknesses while matching against opposing tean/s abilities.
* Evalate gare momentumand coordinate strategy for attack.
¢ Track phyer improverrent and make necessary player changes to best support team position.

06/1987 to Current
LOS Wincor tree Aer k@ue ectiveN ile ee Nard

© Servants Basketball is a Christ based organization that uses basketball as a tool to spread the gospel of Christ to all.

* Mission: To introduce the gospel of Christ to men, women, boys and girls through basketball and to develop a commumity of Christian
families and activities for those families.

© Coaching Recruit student athletes to play basketball, schedule games, and improve athktes playing skills. Analyze the teants strengths and
weaknesses while matching against opposing tears abilities. Evaluate game momentum and coordinate strategy for attack.

OURO tavans
Bank Examiner Company Name - City , State

© Examinations - Travel to state chartered banks and assess the banks’ Capital, asset quality, management, earings, liquidity, and sensitivity
to market risk levels for FDIC insurance requirements.

PURO eeu
Assistant Professor of Kinesiology & Sport Management Company Nam - City , State

* 1713 KSM Foundations of KSM a study of the history, trends and careers of Kinesiology and Sport Management.

CEC VARS CO renal oe Ree eNUCn ance CIV MEAs al LcoecrinepucMnecusisrcciule ites eee tm
* 3723 KSM Sports Marketing and Promotions a study of sport related cases involving marketing.

« 4723 KSM Facility Management a study of theories and practices of facility management.

¢ Advisor of Sport Management is assisting students in scheduling and setting educational objectives.

01/2000 to 01/2003
Head Men's Junior Varsity Basketball Coach Company Name - City , State

* Coaching, Team Managerent, Recruiting,

01/1999 to 01/2000
21st Century Site Coordinator Company Name - City , State

© Coordinating - Recruit agencies, individuals and district employees to provide academic instruction or violence prevention or alcohol,
smoking and drug prevention in affer schoo! programs at Star Elementary and Rogers Middle Schoo.
