PROJECT MANAGER AND TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION
[Osheue Oona ang

Contribute my knowledge to the institution, willing to lear new skills and take on new challenges in it. Ensuring commitment, efficiency and quality
in the roks assigned to contribute to the achieverrent of strategic objectives outlined by the institution. Systems architect with expertise in
requirement gathering and analysis, architectural, component and interface design and development for AS/400 applications in multiples domains.

Qualifications
CaP LUP Chniciclog
Cee o<eol ania cee) any
* Solving abilities * CL/400
© Project Manager © Integration across IPC (Incident, Probkem, & Change Managerrent)
© Web Application © Utility: Query and SQL
CE cu en wens 10 e¢ ALDOM/ACCES
CMe tureresiceneRel aut niecy ¢ Adaptation Model Ethical Management
© QATools © Analyst Programmer
¢ Enterprise Technologies © Well Tracking
© System Upgrade/MigrationBack up = « ~Management
© Management and Teamwork © Developrrent of departmental budgets
CE Banbssclemir natn eas ne) Pee Gesre merle Rolenunemecl arte eG ncon
¢ Prioritization Tasks ¢ Excellent Communication Skills
CEO gO Lre mallee ind © Decision-Making and conflict.
© Product Temphte © Manage multiple tasks simultaneous
¢ RPGLEILE © Ability to perform hands on work team.
* Technical Specifications Creations © Management of meeting and time production.
¢ COBOL/400
© Strong knowlkdge of ITIL.
Technical Skills
SSI Experience Total Years Last Used
Ue icra nino mma e aN UUnstene istic ormm 2016
Accomplishments

-Inplerrentation Core banking (AS/400) Company: FISERV

-Upgrade Core banking

Aug oanan at acs
Project Manager and Technical Implementation Apr 2003 to Mar 2015
Company Name i City

* Project Manager AS/400 CORE BANKING (AS/400) Established compatibility with third party software products by developing
program for modification and integration.

Dato escmitbescuecccnen soe nicname@iiiiedec ye reicerkebtinliie) ese so rice

Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.

Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.

Diagnose and troubles hooted UNIX and Windows processing problems and applied solutions to increase company efficiency.
Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff

Impkmented company polices technical procedure and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, report and access.
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.

Organized and created shooting schedules for graphic design team, supervising the progress of projects from production to post production.
Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines.

Supervised and provided direction for six technical direct reports regarding network activities.

Recommended network security standards to management.

Provided methodologies for object-oriented software development and integration solutions.

Recommended architectural improvements, designs solutions and integration solutions.

Developed data architecture design to enable analysts to perform targeted customer analysis.

Weekly monitoring of the project.

Technical Project Manager Jun 2015 to Feb 2016
Company Name i City

* Banco del Reserva - Dominican Republic DR Ensured network, system and developrrent of bug fixes and patch sets for existing Web
applications.

© Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.

* Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.
