REVOLVING CREDIT SUPPORT SPECIALIST

Professional Background

Energetic, dedicated Support Specialist with strong interpersomal skills and 8+ years of contact center and customer service experience. Proven
ability to work effectively with people of various ages, cultural backgrounds, and socio-economic statuses. Financial and Customer Support
background and the ability to build new and strengthen existing relationships. Great attitude, strong work ethics and customer focused outlook.
Well-developed verbal and written communication skills.

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook

Professional Experience

oe) Tee Gi etlecteemsynoe a) ica

May 2013 Company Name i City , State

© Identify inefficiencies and make recommendations for process improvements resulting in 20% higher customer satisfaction ratings.

© Developed and implemented communication strategies and information programs Help associates identify strengths and weaknesses and
implement phn of action to improve their skills Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect the
current practices Act as a Subject Matter Expert regarding bank products, policies and procedures Developed efléctive relationships with
different lines of business through clear communication Assist customer and sales representatives with account inquiries and follow up with
maintenance requests Analyzed financial information, obtained from clients, to determine strategies for meeting clients’ financial objectives
Successfilly managed the activities of 45 team members in multiple locations Coordinated with underwriters, loan officers, and operations
teams to manage and resolve account concems Led training programs designed to implement new agent performance management
standards for credit center departments.

Revolving Credit Specialist
May 2012 to May 2013 Company Name 4 City , State

Navigate and maintain extensive research and knowledge of bank products Serviced multiple inbound customer inquiries through different
channels Report to immediate manager the leaming gaps that associates are challenged with Consistently exceed quality and sakes
expectations Conducts side by side coaching sessions with associates Organize team huddkes for weekly meeting Collected customer
feedback and mde process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goak.

Assisted with the development of the call center's operations, quality and training processes.

Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.

Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.

Analyzed financial information, obtained from clients, to determine strategies for meeting clients’ financial objectives Served as lixison
between customers, bank personnel and various internal departments.

Team Mentor responsible for coaching and development of both new hire and seasoned associates Trained new hire associates as an On
the Job training (OJT) coach.

Rektionship Banking Associate
July 2007 to May 2012 Company Name if City , State

© Team Mentor responsible for coaching and development of both new hire and seasoned associates Assisted customers with a wide range of
account related inquiries Offered products and services to help customers expand banking relationships Met quality and sales goals
requirements Created visual aids for teammates for team and center campaigns Trained new hire associates as an On the Job training (OJT)
coach Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.

Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.

Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications.

Recommended and helped customers select products and services based on their needs.

Courteously assisted over 100 customers per day ina high-pressure and fast- paced environment Additional Information.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science : Health Administration Information Systems , February 2016 University of Phoenix i City , State , United States Health
Administration Information Systems

Skills

administrative, banking, call center, coach, coaching, credit, clients, customer satisfaction, customer service, database, detail-oriented, fast,
financial, team Ieader, Lotus Notes, Mainffame, Mentor, Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook, works, organizational skils, performance management,
personnel, policies, processes, quality, research, sales, Self-Motivated, Self-starter, Supervisor, supervision, time management, training programs
