CONSUMER BANKING DEFAULT MANAGEMENT SUPERVISOR

Sines

Me ROO oa Sa CoV em ERs ong s ected br nn toncnitaritsli ec crad. We arlene Omen ft
excelent customer service and making operational and procedural improverents.

Highlights

© Client rehtions specialist
Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft © Conflict resolution techniques
Access, Microsoft Power Point, Management, Payroll, Same Kelerbisistiorres
Revista ree nny © Management of remote employees
Ntieslau a Volear ana ¢ Focused on customer satisfaction
Lotus Notes, Hogan, Lease Master, ALS, CPI, CACS, HIS, 10-key,  ¢ Skilled multttasker

Come bestnineestne mente) eenparia

¢ Schedulng

Accomplishments

Developing Leaders - Management Training Program

Reduced staff tumover by 20 % in one year by implementing several wel-received team and morak-buikding prograns.
Experience

CONSUMER BANKING DEFAULT MANAGEMENT SUPERVISOR

Lele OMNI OROn ine Oor nea LOIN MES

Shea ise nce ao Maem koe Louse ceiver rel ancwa nei aainexiolelaramniscccs uli atsiay
managenent.

Managed daily operations, dealt with customers and supported and worked with the management to motivate growth.

Working with the CBDM team to understand and proactively supervise the daily and weekly performance data that is provided to me.
Work closely with upper management to implement efficiency improvement ideas and process improverrent initiatives.

Assist the AutoA Dialer Team in managing and measuring call handling within collections to ensure efficiency of call volume and maintenance
ifqueues.

Manage the incentive plan with my team and provide spot incentives as a motivational tool.

Listen, document and disperse call recordings for Quality Assurance & training purposes.

Monitored progress against strategic objectives Daily coaching of employees in customer service skills, assist them in using effective
communication and listening skills to improve customer satisfaction.

Conduct employee performance evaluations and be a means of support and encouragerment for my team members on a quarterly basis.
Guaranteed fulfillment of company policies and procedures.

Worked with otherA managers, team leaders and directors utilizing different organizational development tools and systems to provide
onto eee hes soem Rartcenieyuarana

Oe elie Ka ORM RlhomeoutUne OB roamMnc OTN Mo ea rile ce

Coordinated communications and briefings for new employees.

Manage and oversee weekly time card issues, approve OT, check for tardiness, ensure proper HR procedures are being followed by
ore ences

Interviewed, hired and trained new quality Account Resolution Specialists.

Mil ccRuanlacheniinaeceinrennibcanncencRbeed ice obvi emriessucn cna

Addressed negative customer feedback immediately, conflict resolution and r esolved customer questions, issues and comphints.
Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.

OPERATIONS MANAGER
RT MUU R OREN MALIA err ect y rea Ta OS Mm I 1d

Managed the creation, development and implementation of ticketing solutions for both existing and potential clients through a proprietary
eo cctneeat Canty

reece Ma rnstnccki ea ke MYA cr cosine eet orc

SM com Net MclLcce eb yLccmr ange inate camel cessor mn g Rots tickal ace

Responsibke for implementation of anti-fraud security protocols on all ticket stock and Point of Sale terminals.

Improved service quality and increased sakes by developing a strong knowledge of company's products and services,

Supplied technical support to client ticketing locations.

AO oie rare Cneentiega net ccunceoinrenca Creel ye unncennamrcct cy

Url elccRcanlachnenihacgemimiannboneicetcGreence obcaiemitessuan cn

Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.

OPERATIONS SUPERVISOR
November 2003 to June 2006 Company Name i City , State

Manage the daily operations of two showroons, two ticket offices and one call center.

Oversee customer inquiries, conflict resolutions and analyzing department productivity & efficiency.

Developed, impkrmented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction and manage on-site customer service representatives.
Interviewed, hired and trained new quality ticket office representatives.
