SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST
Professional Summary

alg

Work History
Senior Financial Analyst , 01/2012 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Manage the entire month end accounting close process related to accruals and rechss for the Mortgage Banking Technology line of
icine hl eRe pence ednstnecpnen pcr eat] pe ecccm

Create and maintain procedures and documentation for the monthly accrual process.

Get business managers validate the most significant monthly expenses for their respective towers in an effort to better manage expenses.
calculate accruals and prepare billing formation for allocations Manage the MBT monthly forecast process and annual budget by creating
detailed Tower budgets pertaining to Cap send and fixed Price and T&M that is reviewed and signed off upon by Technology directors and
in line with overall goals of the Technology organization.

Manage monthly beeline headcount costing process (T&M and Fixed Price) for consulting expenses to be used in the monthly forecast
process as well as in the monthly accrual process.

Manage the monthly direct expenses upload into Chase companywide corporate reporting system (CSPRA); built checks and balances
around the data upload process to ensure direct expenses line items reconciliation between Mortgage Banking Technology repository and
Chase companywide reporting system

Manage monthly expense reporting and analysis; prepare Technology Executive Management Reporting - built checks and balances to
ensure that data that flow into the time series are complete and accurate to support the narrative which accompanies the Technology EMR.
deck.

Create executive-level financial reporting package to support LOB business reviews; perform ad hoc financial analysis involving expense
trends and business drivers Manage the weekly signing party process to ensure timely and relevant expenses management through deep
thorough analysis of beeline items as well as software spend and Sow (Statement of work) spend.

This helps the MBT finance clearly identify risks as well as opportunities to plan and put the Technology operation in a better position to
esteem poco est 7/ O] OUT Cee NETL ome Leecki as Coe

Participate in creation of business cases and spending requests Assist with evaluation, reporting and contro! of Capital Expenditure projects
Support Mortgage Banking Technology (MBT) on business case financial reviews and approvals.

Manage third party Vendor details - actual spend vs.

jeiheeae pm relpneskim

Manage monthly capitalization process and accounting entries associated with it.

Revamp and improve many business processes within MBT (Mortgage Banking Technology).

PLR

Nor om airtel eats] ee  ePAU tment EPAU i)
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Responsible for managing all financial aspects of the IT finance of JPMorgan Chase.

Main responsibilities involve: Assist nine programs management, DOCS project.

Assist Chase Home Finance (CHF) Information Technology managerrent in managing project cost.

Work with senior management to complete the annual budget process by reviewing and providing suggestions to process and department
Paes

Prepare quarterly financial forecasts and presented recommendations based on analysis to senior management.

Lead the preparation of the monthly reporting package to include variance analysis on budgets, balance sheet, cash flows and income
Crores

Assist in creating awareness and implementation of Home Lending policies and procedures Develop and present on capital request projects,
which included the review and analysis of the business case as well as providing NPV and IRR analysis.

Prepare various summaries submitted to JPMorgan Chase Home Finance steering committee.

Research all costs for projects as requested, using system and reporting tools such as Project Accounting & Reporting (PAR), Finance
Gate, Team Fiks, PC Fast, Document Direct and Others.

Assists in standardizing reports, templates Liaison with Corporate Finance and Corporate Accounting departments on financial analysis and
reporting issues Build and maintained local databases (using access) and other record keeping systems for projects data.

Assist various Senior Vice Presidents, upon demand, with research, documentation and preparation of reports and presentation to CHF
(Chase Home Finance) business clients and other groups.

Senior Financial Analyst , Company Name a€“ City , State

Responsible for day-to-day activities related to the update and maintenance of Huntington's mortgage hedging applications: daily update of
pricing assumptions, perform complex analysis of financial markets, Complete complex analysis related to mark-to-market of Huntington's
mortgage position.

Oversee the on-going maintenance of the hedging and position reporting system and other required models Oversee the compihtion of
detailed reports and analysis for financial reporting Oversee the daily activities of less senior Financial Analysts Perform detailed analysis
through the use of Access/SQL Databases.

Assist in the monthly forecasting of Home Lending revenue and expense; responsible for the forecast of such segments as Servicing, Shared
Support, and Consumer Lending,
