PROGRAM ASSISTANT
Professional Summary

Program Assistant with supervising experience and exceptional peopk skills. Versed in Daxko Operations, membership, chikicare. Desires a
challenging rok as a Membership Coordinator.

Experience
Program Assistant , 07/2013 to Current Company Name i City , State

Billng/Finance, to include: Purchase Orders, Childcare billing, refiinds and credits for different programs.
ANC Co ccs ne Rhu O rac aicn

Assist in training, supervising member services associates.

Assisted the Program Director with payroll and interviews for multiple programs.

TR Sca Nig reurlibrecaneitn cbc neice

Input member information and sell different programs.

Fik away CC statements and members information for various programs.

Review and approve financial assistance Enmil and mail out member invoices.

Answer incoming calls and emails about members accounts and programs.

Lea le Rei ecko ena OM VMS ene Or SMeet NORMALS UIE CMMN aL nee
Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.

Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep.

PO eb remiss atm eeerinceiNeReniconecdesl OR i B ane enneeseulle oR i ecca tee
lO}onatE nes nai mesirelccemecenniece itty

Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.

Helped distribute employee notices and muil around the office.

Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.
NuiconcmlavsonetnemeoaceRlbantomiicuniccadan yen gel iom

Front Desk/Customer Service , 11/2006 to 12/2010 Company Name 1% City , State

Ce ee

un egua eos aides snc Oreck hr ciP Cb neni menu sien nasionin enna ina
Sen acaey cee ecb ee elem idneoe lad muipcod

UO Manna NOni Lent eunccw nes nuntice Oar sacred ect lice

Responsible for ensuring prompt and courteous service which is delivered to members/participants.

Controls access to health and fitness facility.

Knowledge ofall program areas to members and participants as well as ability to refer patrons to the correct staff member when needed.
Sittew i eleoenninurtemcd acess oecd ucts Oo ces Mee Bese uneeTIE Br eLa lint isencs) con

DALE Maia wp mony eke adc like Oe uatee Rela e cle

PAV oleaenl Rib iae ice Rirentlmnnt ai ecuiilcs

Takes payments for programs and memberships.

Responsible for weekly and monthly reports.

Handk many tasks at one time under lots of pressure.

Answer multi-line phones, takes messages through email or hand written,

Make copies and ako send out faxes.

Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.

Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.

Cece IR Oem re Pence d emCCre OMe B ica aumesi el (si ccm

Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.

Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.

WWElateccRo i erst LmNCN OK Mencaicalceretnemtie) cogs

Mortgage Document Clerk , 03/2002 to 01/2003 Company Name 1% City , State

Cr

Retrieving and Certifying Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and FHLB loans.
CO Te UB OME Rey an

Audit new loans to loan schedule.

Gite cnr hicaynei eat loevon avian

Create new loan lists on Excel.

LOE Re SB ecu Readme onal

Answer and handle incoming calls pertaining to loan Ists.

Finalize Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and FHLB loans.
Make copies for employees.

Logging in documents on log in sheet and system.

Input documents Empower and FiTech.

Sort and File away documents.

Janitor/Clerk , 11/1996 to 02/2001 Company Name 1% City , State
