GENERAL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
Summary

FUDAN Der oNe ST

Entrepreneurial indirect sales executive passionate about building productive relationships with clients, partners and team members. New customer
acquisition expert who emphasizes mix of online and in person marketing strategies.

Pe raNreny
¢ New customer acquisition © Knowledge ofmarket trends
Cr ccurisnsistainan’ CMe git aramisineiee cee cose urea
¢ Prospecting PMO onc teudtoce!
¢ Results-oriented ¢ Brand development
Accomplishments

© Conceptualized and launched the " Full service neighborhood bank marketing campaign, which kd to a 70% increase in bank deposits,
Customer service both intemal and external, compliance, HR, Sales & Marketing Training, SQL, Valuing Diversity Training, conflict
resolution, team building Mentoring Training, best practices Received several awards for "Top Performer’ and ktters of recognition and
recommendation

Promoted fiom Relationship Banker I to Relationship Banker II, as well as one of 5 regional bankers in my position assigned to train and
mentor new employees after 12 months ofemployment. Was also given a written offer to become regional Merchant Service

ee och near ee Grae ANC ese amend a ces Cm OL One mcrae niet cmlata Cees
Rea Lemp eR Ceri teace Canoe m

Initialized a grass root marketing campaign to promote brand recognition, as well as gather more houschold rehationships (ie, loans,
deposits) with no marketing budget with immense success,

¢ Assessed organizational training needs.

© Performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for future company growth.

Experience
Crore sana AN MALIA Ce DuerAC |
COT HIN AN bey R OSM HI!

© Providing first person of contact for customers as well as employees.

Cue ldcckeeniia@ece then cnemntanl enon tarceinarcas ao

¢ Training and mentoring new hires, ensuring all regulations were met and company policy was being used

¢ Analyzed ratings and business features of competitors to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing strategies.

¢ Proficient in SQL, ordering, product management, inventory, organization, product knowledge staffing opportunities, products and services.

NW Florida Regional Commercial Sales Manager Mar 2007 to Jan 2009
(Ooi ota inee ROL NaI IC

© Iwas the sok commercial sales manager for the NE region from South Georgia through Deland Fl.

I was able to increase sales in my territory with both new clients, and follow ups with clients we had worked with before. commercial sales
OPA oro Maceo ecarenr em IL OTulelsrestam

Ben Fecraricsranmelcecce nel uipessetoe ced mrrdiesuenebonbine ceri) cues ececbronacrenatisliatzad

I personally overhauled the out dated SQL, and customer file information, Using previous experience, i would call, set up appts. and
hoehiceRled ona Aetc Oram tS hoo

I generated new business, and gained back more customers by recognizing better opportunities, educating them about preventive
mnintenance insurance, and becoming the face of my company to my clients.

I went onsite to businesses and create estimates, fie mspections, measurements, ordering correct products, troubleshoot probkens, find
solutions,job site inspections, and keeping my personal crew busy every day,

Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial docurents for analysis.

Sales & Marketing Manager, Indirect sales manager Jul 2006 to Nov 2008
Ceo HINA ben L ON MRSIHI

© Impknented and evolved high-impact strategies to target new business opportunities and new markets.
© Planned and executed container shipments of
