MANAGER

schivor anes

Manager , 11/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Manage a large global team of up to 50 Managers, Technical Leads and Software Developers across a portfolio of 25 LOB applications.
© Myresponsibilities include:.

Vendor management, RFPs, vendor selection, scope based contractual obligations, and negotiations on Fixed Bid, Fixed Scope, T&M
SOWs and 3rd Party Software licensing,

LRPs, short and long-term strategic Road Maps, Project Planning & Monitoring and Software Delivery.

Operational Excellence using Application Performance Monitoring (APM), Log aggregation, etc.

Solution Architecture & design of complex projects and enhancerments to existing products.

Allaspects of IT Management - Hiring, Up/Out, developing trust based on highly advanced technical knowledge, motivating actively, Key
Contributions:.

Reshaped the SDLC within the first 90 days from an everything-goes to an Agile (SCRUM) based process, substantially improving on-time
and on-budget deliveries.

Introduced Jira as part of the transformation which snowballed into centralization of fractured implementations and adoption by thousands of
peopke across the company.

Stabilized a key VOD Rights and Windows management application with many technical challenges including performance and data
eoeiratenn

© Improved the resiliency of the platform, and reduced the technical debt enabling faster features development.
© Substantially improved MTTR and RCA by adopting Splunk and AppDynamics, and by establishing proactive alerts to detect problems

earlier than the users.

© Strongly Influenced the UI/UX ofa touch-enabled web and iOS application used by top executives.
© Established and delivered very stringent performance, quality and reliability requirements.
© Established a cloud-native, 12-factor architecture ofan application deployed on AWS using Elastic Bean Stalk, RDS, SNS, and other

sales PN a oc

Nominated on NBC-wide Cloud-first strategic committees.

Key role & contributions to Identity Management (IdM) and REST based API reference architectures Technologies included - Java, .NET,
108 (Objective-c / Swift) HTML, JavaScript, PHP/Drupal OnPrem & Cloud-native architectures at all levels of abstraction (IaaS, PaaS,
12-factor, Containerized & Serveriess.

Senior Director , 01/2011 to 05/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Headed the Solution Architecture and Project Managerrent Office responsible for designing and delivering marquee consumer facing digital
streaming on Web, iOS, Android, ROKU, XBOX and other platforms.

© My Responsibilities included:.
« Architectural SME for pre-sales and business development executives on key accounts such as Target, STARZ, Bames & Nobk, Dish

Network, etc.
Product Strategy and roadmaps for critical components of the Video Streaming platform including devices, Catalog,
Appk/Googk/Microsoft DRM and Digital lockers.

© Project management, scope management, problem resolution, delivery and launch of the client-company's products to its customers.

Relationship management with internal and external strategic partners Key Contributions.

Helped win a $9 million-dollar account with Bames & Noble based on establishing trust and relationship with the head of Nook device
development by answering and proposing solutions to tough technical problems.

Even wrote Java code for video playback of DRM content such as Movies & TV Shows on Nook's highly customized Android platform

* A unique Public Key Infrastructure (PKD) based shared-responsbility security model to authenticate and authorize issuing of DRM keys for

video playback of encrypted content, which gamered interest ftom Charter Communications.
Recognized and promoted to Senior Director within 6 months of joining the company Other past experience includes.

© Media & Entertainment: Tuming around a troubled project and relationships to complete and launch Disney's EST video streaming

platformr Disney Movies Anywhere, As a gesture of recognition, I was presented with a framed plaque by Disney employees.
Regulated Payment Processing: Mamging a team of Business Amalysts, Architects & Web Developers at Green Dot (Mar 2010-July2010)
to buid multiple consumer facing web sites, including Walmart MoneyCard.

Company Name

for processing 12-million home-loans every day for Federal HARP compliance requirements.

Regulated Finance & Lending: First Vice President at Countrywide managing a team of 15 onshore and offshore Architects, Developers,
and QA to deliver a $1.7 million lead management project with an ROI of $29.3 million.

Regulated Finance & Lending: Technical Lead and Development Manager at IndyMac for automated underwriting and pricing systems.
Asa menber ofa team, built the first such web ecommerce solution in the US mortgage market.

Proposed, brought consensus by demonstrating a POC, and built a C++ engine improving performance by 75% Detailed Technical Skills
Cloud: Amazon EC2, RDS and other IaaS, Elastic Beanstalk (PaaS), Lambdas (Serverkss), API gateway, Alexa, Fargate etc.

Similar & corresponding experience on Microsoft's Azure, Heroku and Cloud foundry including containers such as Docker and Rkt,
orchestration with Docker Swarm & Kubemetes, Envoy, etc.
