MARKETING MANAGER
Summary

Multtidisciplinary professional with track record of exceeding revenue goals, driving high-volume new user acquisition and growing subscription-
based businesses. Versed in all aspects of marketing campaigns from concept developrrent to execution and launch.

bs hranianie
© Brand development
© Multi-media marketing

© New customer acquisition
© Channel strategy :
ci

Prospecting
FXccohienaiatenans

CMO NW etre tedincd Skilled negotiator

Accomplishments

NOE ic neon Gee

Co-Founding Instadium, LLC , the country's leading provider of restroom advertising signage and in-game promotional events to both
professional and collegiate sporting venues.

Co-Founding LiveHelper.com; Livehelper is a privately held company that introduced to the lead generation industry remotely hosted services
for businesses and their websites to provide realtime support online sakes, marketing and customer service.

Co-Founding GoWebBaby USA, LLC one of the fastest growing IT Solution companies in Central India as wellas its proprietary technologies
that include BingoCRM, LegalZen and SmartGen, a document assembly and automation software.

Developer and Co-Founder LegalZen ; a real-time, artificial intelligence engine that utilizes social media to suggest, create and offer to
consumer legal documents and associated solutions.

schivor anes
Marketing Manager , 04/2009 to 03/2015 Company Nam i’ City , State

© Managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales tears.
© Managed the complete redesign and hunch of the company's website in (Nurber] months.

* Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including project timelines.

© Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.

Banking and Workout Attomey , 01/2006 to 01/2009 Company Name i City , State

© Fulkservice lw firm with over 100 employees and representing numerous national and regional lending institutions, REIT's, and significant
private organizations.

© Represent local and national financial institutions in structuring and negotiating appropriate documentation, including construction and

permanent financing, asset based loans, Ietter of credit transactions, term loans, and lines of credit.

Counseled clients in the acquisition, leasing and disposition of commercial real estate throughout the country.

Represented lead lender in $92M participation financing of several commercial office parks located in Michigan,

Facilitated purchase of $50M loan portfolio ftom Fortune 50 company.

Represented client in simultaneous $18M acquisition and financing of major retail shopping centers in Colorado and 4 Wal-Mart stores

located in Wisconsin, Tennessee, South Carolina, and Ohio.

National Sales Director , 01/2003 to 01/2005 Company Name iA City , State

© Commercial real estate firm specializing in accelerated sakes of commercial real estate with key clients including General Electric, JPMorgan
Chase, Sunoco, and British Petrokum.

Employed 30+ professionals.

Led national sales team of commercial real estate agents to assess properties/portfolios for sale.

Impkmented most appropriate sales method based on industry, property type, and geographic location.

Prepared due diligence materials for prospective buyers.

Optimized profitability of clients' portfolios by conducting mationwide live seminars to prospective purchasers on participating in the
accelerated sealed bid auction.
