EMPLOYEE RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Stn enatad
Hummn Resources partner with areas of expertise m employee relitions, Affinmative Action, recruitrrent, diversity, employee training and analytics.
A student of Wells Fargo's Leadership Compentencies, exhibits kadership behaviors that contribute to business success, risk management and a
sustained positive reputation as a premier financial institution and employer of choice.
Seiten}

Ce osowuicze raise ,

¢ Performance management strategies : vial © nae Peper

© Staffing and recruiting professional hein Salenhiak Sarena

¢ Enployment law knowledge * HRIS applications proficient

¢ Empbyee handbook development

Accomplishments

¢ Recipient, Isaacson Scholarship for Graduate Work in Education and Rising Star Award
¢ BS. in History - Recipient, Young Hispanic Leadership Scholarship

Led the Staffing Planning Committee for [Number] years. Introduced the first passive Open Enrollment process.Created a rewards and incentive
program that was cited as the driving force behind branch employee retention rate of [Number]% Transitioned the sales program into full
compliance.

Experience
Employee Relations Consultant
June 2013 to Current Company Name 1% City, State

Responsible for managing the employee relations fictions for multiple business lines and business groups undergoing significant change.
Responsible for designing and executing proactive employee relations plans and programs in accordance with internal policy and labor-law
Reece RUDE eon RO ance eincy mem NTE Papakea irae con ls Pinesanaesincelian eu alie
HR community to identify and resolve extremely complex issues requiring an evaluation of data and intangible varying factors.

Quickly attained increasing level of responsibility growing doubling my team within four months to manage a teamof 8 consultants. This
entire team is virtually located across the United States and provides strategic support to all business lines throughout CLG,

Provide fluid and strategic ER support to multiple lines of business which includes sales, collections and operations while quickly keaming
Eine ova Leen adel othe b oul saan in rece acne CES OU TaCHVe RIC ecBu re ecm cece cen stl ed
code administrator for CCS and Dealer Services.

eee ee duerHin naa Moat hPL ea uti ko culnee db cok eRe cmon ccm Oe rin amOiceece nite
(CCS) and Risk and Compliance. CLG ER representative at executive level business meetings.

eR error ery MIRC ccm hae ca bese Sto pecce Mee ROE TCR aoc ental Tecra Goi
contributing to the development of business processes that guide ER consultation in areas of wage and hour investigations, fact finding
documentation in HRHD and the expanded scope of ER in the displacement process. In 2013, contributed to the development of the
current quarterly ER reporting templates and currently involved in Phase II ofan enterprise driven ER reporting structure.

Created and Ied the team-based execution of ER training strategy for Dealer Services! production and operations teams in both a face-to-
Blea Peciexenuierancm

As part of HR 2.0 - a key HR strategic initiative for CLG to create a more effective and efficient HR team- selected to lead the Capability
Work stream comprised of various level of keaders from different HR groups. This team will deploy the HR Engagement Principles,
Customer Excellence resources and Performance Consulting training initiative 4Q14 and 1Q15.

Partnered with HRBP to influence and create an escalation process for the Dealer Services matrix organization. Los Angeles, California
5/2011 - 6/2013 Support the company’s value of People as a Competitive Advantage by supporting leaders to attract, develop, retain and
mmolivate team members; provide tools and resources needed to succeed in their work; and influence a culture of responsibility and
accountability for their businesses and finctions. Experience supporting Home Lending group, Consumer Credit Solutions group, Dealer
Services and former Wells Fargo Financial group.

MT cae ROR Moe L eS Leute LORS Lee Ne eb vom tes econ Okac Emeline itisec and
phan to implement a One Wells Fargo approach to employment policy and decisions. Leadership responsibility for introducing Wells Fargo
Provided counsel to employees and all levels of management on workphce issues encompassing a diverse scope of situations requiring
strong knowkdge and application of policy, procedures and labor aw.

Exercised judgment based on experience and policy knowledge to recommend solutions to resolve workphce concems or identify trends
adversely affecting leadership and team member experience.

Equal Employment Opportunity Consultant, Corporate Employee Relations
PNP MORO oawA neue sina AO ARSC

© Wells Fargo Bank - San Francisco, California 4/2001 - 10/2005 Developed, impkrented and monitored company's affirmative action
programs to ensure compliance with government regulations and consult with managers and HR professionals regarding AA/EEO policies
and practices. Investigated and responded to charges of discrimination and represented the company in the agency investigation, medication
and/or settlement process directly with state and federal enforcement agencies, business partners and kegal partners.

¢ Created, developed and implemented the first enterprise-wide database for tracking and business specific charge activity reporting
responsive to business need-to-know of charge activity and settlement activity
