BRANCH BANKER III
Accomplishments

Maximize sakes volume.

Maintain visual presentation standards that are consistent with division philosophy and direction.
Perreisinlra cuneate Riou] Koen te tice Cenk elle

Assist in recruiting, training and developing Sales Associates.

Develop proficiency in all operational policies and procedures.

Manage time and prioritize tasks.

CUSTOMER SERVICE/ SALES Ensure customer service is the #1 priority.
Effectively supervise the sales floor to ensure customer / associate awareness at all times.
Understand and create awareness of the factors to impact sales volue.
LEADERSHIP Motivate and develop associates to meet goals / objectives.

Clearly delegate activities and follow-up on all direction.

Demonstrate teamwork with-in store and company.

PE auitswenrrmecckce Dei tacaen asa

Lead by exaimpk.

PERSONNEL Demonstrate professional image and conduct.

Follow specific divisional dress code policy.

Ensure that store staffis treated professionally, courteously and respectfilly.

Involve store staffin accomplishing store goak.

Take an active rok in own development.

Communicate staff concems to management.

Support all company / management decisions.

OPERATIONS Execute and follow-up on all operational policies, procedures and directives.
Execute and follow-up Inventory Shrinkage Improverrent Program.
DrneenenlinMnelpeclncaeLe

AUB ABU OCIN EUW N ONS oiclim im ecinineck os rleumelucneRacincalcem
Replenish merchandise on a timely basis.

Have knowledge of the store merchandise.

Have knowledge of'sales floor and stockroom organization.

i Cooomiraisseunenalorr sek el Geracdiatulcem cd ace B cb com

Icon eB ICO ce eBresiru tata oonoe patlaey

POS set-up is timely and effective.

Executes and maintains divisional marketing directives.

Interpret and execute floor plans and guidelines.

Professional Summary

My objective is to continue to move up within BB&T. I have been a Relationship Banker with BB&T since January 2006. I was promoted from
Relationship Banker I to a Relationship Banker II in January 2012. My long term goal is to work my way into our training department and helping
new hires kam about BB&T. I am very passionate about BB&T and love working here.

Skills

* Team leadership * Positive Attitude

Caso la reeltcrse Cesena ere ealihe

© Strong verbal communication «Excellent Customer Service skills
Work History
EAU Eek etacans

Branch Banker III Company Name a€“ City , State

Proactively initiate, develop, and manage long-term, profitable relationships.

Manage existing client relationships to identify future needs and consultatively address them

Profile prospects and clients to identify additional financial needs and refer to appropriate financial partners.

Deliver superior quality service in person or by phone such that client needs are met on a consistent, positive basis.

Serve as primary contact for new account openings and cross sale of other products and services to clients and prospects.
Proactively and reactively contact clients and prospects daily by phone or in person to identify additional client financial needs and
Rianulboiaran@rersceicith acm

Support team sakes process by acting upon or referring identified client needs to other lines of business, including but not limited to, retail
Joan, mortgage, investments, private banking, insurance, small business, merchant services, and other areas.

Participate in team sales efforts such as team call nights, sales meetings, and debriefs.

Enploy BB&T supported sales techniques and processes whenever possible to better serve the client and branch team

Serve as contact for client problem resolution and perform maintenance for current clients as dictated by the needs of the office.
Serve as contact in responding to client and non-client service inquiries as dictated by the needs of the office.

Support team service process by participating in team service efforts such as service meetings.

Must adhere to all BB&T Policies and Procedures, security guidelines, banking regulations and internal control procedures.
