PROJECT COORDINATOR
Highlights

ee ee ee

AIRE IEN OS

I have well developed Time Managerent skills

I work to a very high standard, with an eye for detail, goal orientated.
Pre\ioccolanguere re nices on alls)

I establish and maintain effective cooperative working relationships with peopk ofall levels
I amenthusiastic, passionate, motivated, honest & a reliable team player

I work froma Strength base focused in problem solving

I have well developed computer skills in MS Office, Excel, Power Point and Internet.
Eten ovg we some sre inven Oke Cane se nas all ertcem

Experience
Ure) ena uel mena vans
Company Name

Cr

e re ee

ee ee ee |

Develop/maintain project schedule information - usmg MS Project 2013

managing day to day work priorities of the project manager and the team

facilitating project resources - using Demand & Supply tool

Develop/maintain risk registers and escalating issues - using

communication with stakehoKlers

managing the budget for the project - using SAP Guri

Balin eatine!

event management for training, meetings for the team and stakeholders

Monthly reporting to Investment board and Portfolio Office Previous Telecom NZ Ltd - Business Process Co-ordinator:

set up new WBSE for Capex and Opex Projects

arrange set up new activity codes for new employees

Sumer ang iaes omen crlu)

melanie enue Om Bnenm eli ete

Set new contractors up equipment, access to network & buildings

Perslillnboe ln irs Ome Car lCReR mene erator ots

create and manage Purchase Orders for contractor payments

arrange travel & accommodation for managers

event managerment - catering, bookings & rooms

team purchases for team

manage access to online documents system

Ree ecieeuancme eric ard ekeet cm accom esr rinliecl and wie ea any eiestua mes Sialic ran Zoned
The purpose was to project manage a pilot to enhance working relationships with the Government Department - Child Youth & Family and
nor Government agencies that worked closely with families and chikdren by:

establishing the Differential Response principals and strengthen collaboration with agencies

facilitate cross agency training to up-skill workers in Government and non-Government agencies.

CO nbn) ceNmeLONANCN AU aN Lend

communication with stakeholders

managing the budget for the project Te Rito Co-ordinator:

co-ordinate and facilitate groups

assess, monitor and input Police reported family violence incidents

facilitate case management meetings agencies.

Oyyeticomtn eB HMlLALCe ene ra une anes rec tt

set strategic plan 4 project manage plan for coming year 4—} monitor it on a three monthly basis.

Quay AAO S PAULI Greece sn weer ce tclareceect sou See Brn Rea data @norm clr nC ACLU RUbcses cal cand
fromagencies A} Organise events day activities.

eT aero eA OR Vince AH eee Paco eco meni momen Obissnoncleucot ob mem Volar Boncieea leon
Mie) oped menial ocd

managing the budget for the project Strengthening Families (SF) Co-ordinator - Hutt Valley.

Convene, facilitate and monitor SF Meetings from initial meeting and all reviews until closure.

Maintain & record meeting information as well as review details in an effective and timely manner.

Write reports and monitor statistics monthly for management team

Promote and present SF process to government & community agencies

Organise, deliver facilitation training to staff

Co-ordinating / Supervise Facilitation staff members

Undertake project work that is needed in the community, where SF can be ofassistance to families/whanau and young peopk.
Maintain a small discretionary find.

Teller / Investment Advisor Co-ordinator 07/1996 to 12/1999
Company Name
