BANK OPERATIONS ANALYST
Summary
To utilize the skills that I possess in a challenging diverse working environment.
BS ania}

© analytical

© customer service

© communication skils

Accomplishments

PBOL program 2013 graduate

schivor anes

Bank Operations Analyst 01/2010 to Current Company Name City , State

© Responsible for reviewing and processing Retumed Deposited Items (RDI), Retumed Cash Items and Non Post Items Complete
operational fimctions including approving G/L tickets and Key Master reports prior to forwarding to Data Entry for processing Assist
teammntes in monitoring department milbox, researching items and phone support.

© Worked with Special Services in Atlanta during the transition of the fictions our department inherited.

¢ Assist in developing and updating department procedures Work closely with Management and SunTrust Liaison to stream line the North
Carola Treasurer process.

Account Certification Operations Analyst 01/2009 to 01/2010 Company Nanr City , State

Responsible for staff daily operations of processing the W8/W9 forms and the processing of 1099 correction requests for year end tax
Crores

Provide coaching and training to new and existing employees on daily and new processes.

Complete operational fimctions including approving G/L tickets, maintenance reports for account updates and refimds.

Assist Operational Manager with staff reviews.

Analyze compliant and non compliant trends and provide recommendations for improving monitoring of programs, system enhancements,
and user education.

Provide escalated support to internal and external customers on IRS related issues.

Assist in the development and design of the SQL database for departrent.

Verify and calling in the 945 and 941 Wire Remittance.

Provide phone support to the Help Line and branches.

Monitor department muil box answering questions and compkting research on outstanding items.

Attend weekly and bi weekly staff meetings.

Account Certification Operations Supervisor 4 w/staff 01/2008 to 01/2009 Company Name City , State

Responsible for staff daily operations of processing the W8/W9 forms and the processing of 1099 correction requests for year end tax
Crores

Provide coaching and training to new and existing employees on daily and new processes.

Complete operational fimctions including approving G/L tickets, maintenance reports for account updates and refimds.

Assist Operational Manager in hiring, disciplinary actions as well staff annual reviews.

Analyze compliant and non compliant trends and provide recommendations for improving monitoring of programs, system enhancements,
and user education.

Provide escalated support to internal and external customers on IRS related issues.

Assist in the development and design of the SQL database for departrent.

Verify and calling in the 945 and 941 Wire Remittance.

Provide phone support to the Help Line and branches.

Supervise 5-7 employees.
Account Certification Workflow Coordinator 01/2007 to 01/2008 Company Name City , State

© 4 Responsibk for ensuring the staff completed all daily processes including, but not limited to, W8/W9 forms, 1099/1098 year end tax
aitaranace iced leisy

© Provide coaching and training to new and existing employees.

© Conducted departmental training on new and upcoming projects.

Assist with the development, design and implementation of Sales Force (system used via internet to receive year correction request).

© Assist with the VCP/Remediation project to mitigate 1.7M in potential abilities.

© Verify and calling in the 945/941 daily Wire Remittance.

Telkr Coordinator 01/2005 to 01/2007 Company Name City , State

* Responsible for performing lead teller fimctions such as balancing and ordering cash replenishment for branch, scheduling employees for
work shifts, conducting performance review with branch manager and participating in selections of tellers.

© Ako, completing advanced or complex teller transactions.

* Complete operational fimctions which included approving transactions, cash control, branch security and internal control.
