MORTGAGE BANKING RESEARCH SPECIALIST

Summary
My goalis to obtain a career associated with a company where I can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the company's
eR Thes op HIC Ot
Highlights
Ce eee Gonos onviences
« 5+ years of Leadership as a Supervisor/Manager © Mortgage Default & Originations
© Customer Escalation Management © Loss Mitigation
© Executive Office Comphint Handling & Resolution © Nor-IS Auditing
* Project Management ¢ Escalation Resolution Auditing
© Facilities Management CREO sl aememca outs elny
© Quality and Control
Accomplishments

Ce Cerone DAP Las Trl SecA ho noe coeR Rich ect ran Pale eenei CR etMC Role hem Mo tShNoraNr eels

© [assisted in the Implementation of the QC review process for the EMS EO Analyst QC submissions and the Compliance review stage for
Customer Direct written complaint responses.

© [have mintained a rating of Exceeds in all monthly and annually departrrental goals and measurements
schivor anes
02/2010 to Current
Mortgage Banking Research Specialist Company Name 1'4 City , State
Previous Positions Held : Collector III, Shortsale Solicitor, Loss Mitigation Rep, Custorrer Assistance Escalations Specialist, CART Audit
Ome eceeOnarllennyeaesicg
© I currently provide feedback, guidance, and direction to 30+ agents in Texas and Arizona offices on a daily basis.
© I review and research Executive Office comphint responses for compliance and regulatory checks
© T identify and work with intemal and external LOB partners to obtain thorough resolutions to Executive Office comphints and inquiries

© I created the EMS EO Quality Control process by which was put in place to ensure EMS EO continue to get the expected results of
resolving the customer's issue, providing a great customer experience, and control service level aging.

© I mitigate various lines of business rejects by calibrating with other internal partners regarding complaints researched by the EMS dept.
© I managed the EMS QC Sharepoint site that currently house all QC pass and fail decisions
* I Audit Escalation Management Departrrent closed Infosource cases for accuracy, coaching opportunities, and identifying departmental

Tain

06/2005 to 12/2009
Sr. Loss Prevention Lead Company Name i City , State

« Advanced to increasingly responsible positions, culminating in a management assistance role with oversight for a 12+ member team
© Trained/assisted employees with daily responsibilities and monthly production goals.
© Handled supervisor talk off and monitor calls for quality assurance Maintained high ratings in all monthly and annually departmental goals
and measurements. I analyzed and team and department reports to develop ideas for production and quality enhancement.
01/2001 to 06/2005
Loss Prevention Supervisor - Floater Company Name i City , State

© Leda teamof 12+ Loss Prevention Representatives with a portfolio of 100 to 160 accounts each and days of delinquency ranging from 60.
- 150 days. I analyzed team and department reports to develop ideas for production and quality enhancerrent.

© Handkd supervisor talk off§ and monitor calls for quality assurance Effectively trained and coached new hires in the department to excel in
