Professional Summary

Knowledgeabk of banking procedures and finance, sales and risk management whose success is based on integrity, exceptional customer service,
efficiency and ambition. Sel motivated professional, highly proficient in developing creative solutions and implementing objective decision making,
Skilled for managing multiple projects at one time. Ability to work equally in both teanroriented and self directed enviroments.

[Ov erGon earn)
Credit & financial analysis

Amilytical problem solver Se

Excellent communicator SL

erties Deadline efficient
Oateoaiemratiuan eng Ce

Exeol anatirepieeesuet yen

Po area ty

Increased revenue production 110% per annum resulting in to a profitable portfolio, Wells Fargo 2015
Year to date loan volume growth 162%, deposits 230% and partner production 180%

2013 recipient of Gold Star Award of Westem Mountain Region, Wells Fargo Bank

2 times Gold Star Award recipient Wells Fargo Bank 2014

1 time Gold Star Award recipient Wells Fargo Bank 2015

Annual Pinnacle Award Recipient for top 20% producer, US Bank 2010 Star of Excellent recipient for highest scores customer service, US Bank
2009, 2010, 2011

Chamber Development Award, Wethersfield, CT 2005, 2006, 2007
Award of Excellence, top producer, Fleet Bank 2002, 2003

schivor anes
Branch Manager , 01/2004 Company Name - City , State

© Received region performance recognition for increased sakes and customer service.
Motivated, trained and increased employee productivity by 45%.

Maintained and built strong relationships while assisting and advising in financial decisions.
i crrentebrapmresce inscouciRe desta g sine Pace okocnaatBueclce- aon uaurlt oie
Executed branch objectives, improved product profitability and service performance.
Dramntically increased branch revenue through various partner referrals.

Made initial analysis on applicant's financial status, credit and property evaluation.

Business Banking Officer , 01/2009 to 11/2012 Company Name - City , State

2010 Annual Pinnacle Winner for Outstanding Performance.

Source, develop, expand, service and retain profitable business banking relationships.
Provide the highest level of professionalism and outstanding customer service.

Structure banking solutions in order to help the customer reach success financially.
Perform compkx financial analysis in the area of credit, cash flow and collateral

Obtain and monitor financial statements and credit information of existing portfolio.
Proactively partner with customers to better understand their business goals and strategies.
Work closely with underwriting to accurately complete credit requests ina timely manner.
Partner with bank intemal and external tears to increase cross-sell opportunities.

Ensure highest level ofaccuracy and clarity in all communications.

Director of Business Operations/Finance Officer , 01/2005 to 01/2009 Company Name - City , State

* Designed, developed and presented project sales models to increase business.
Developed sales campaigns and marketing projects.

Acquired, sourced, serviced and expanded new client relationships.

Monitored business productivity and ensured quality in all levels of business production.

CJ
ci
cd
¢ Developed a new business plan that oversaw all new business sectors.
