DIRECTOR, VENDOR SERVICES AND COMPLIANCE
Summary

Extensive experience in human resources, account management, business architecture, project implementation, and director level operations.
Ability to display outstanding interpersonal skills, keen analysis, problem solving, and team approach to meet the dermnds of clients and
Biol abe as

Perentens

© Strong Task Managerment Skills

© Benefits and Payroll Administration
* Impknentation

¢ Change Management

© Amlytical

© Strong Interpersonal Skills

* Contract Negotiation

© Evaluation and Compliance

© Innovative Problem Solving

* Strong Written and Verbal Communication
© Reporting and Documentation

schivor anes
Director, Vendor Services and Compliance
OO eM BROMO ana Qur ec eNOS MECH

Analyze requirerents and produce solutions in accordance with best practices in employment and human resource law as it relates to
independent consultants, contractors, and temporary labor.

Architect solutions that exceed program objectives through in-depth analysis of business requirements.

Facilitate discovery of business information and processes to uncover potential areas of risk.

Selected to ead the management of program implementation including project initiation, planning, execution and closure.
Develop and manage project schedules and deliverables and report on status and results.

Coordinate activities and meetings internally and with stakehoKlers to analyze business requirements and solicit feedback.
Conduct detailed workflow and business reviews to monitor project results and control resources.

Audit data and systems to ensure a thorough understanding of processes and internal policies.

Continually evaluate programs to improve process, system, and peopk efficiencies.

Prepare metrics and recommendations to present at Quarterly Business Reviews.

Bret mianon
October 2008 to Decerrber 2010 Company Name - City , State

Responsible for a team of Hurmn Resource Specialists/Business Managers.

Manage programs to ensure account satisfaction and operational delivery of defined objectives.

Dato es alenl em osiceeciecRile camarl abe) cam nue nae BIKALeng er eucltce

Screen and hire senior level professionals as well as coordinate orientations.

Actively train, mentor, and consult new employees hired by the company.

Conduct regular feedback and planning sessions for employees to meet career path objectives including professional development coaching,
Evaluate and adjudicate independent contractor compliance assessirents.

Provide risk analysis and assessment by identifying potential areas of concem and ensuring programs are being administered as agreed

Th orem

Negotiate master service agreements and individual consulting contracts.

Hummn Resource Specialist/Business Manager
Noverber 2006 to October 2008 Company Nanw - City , State

Educate and communicate regarding complex human resource, legal, financial, and system transactions.

Adninistration of benefits including retirement, profit sharing, medical, dental, life, and disability insurance.

Oversee invoicing, payroll, expense processing and reconciliation for assigned accounts.

Work with independent contractors and vendors to perform compliance assessments.

Audit and reconcile online reports to guarantee accounts accurately reflect business goals.

Provide operational business support and a high level of customer service to an assigned group of professionals working domestically and
pinlcaersiLenialiva

Serve as an advocate internally to ensure outstanding issues are managed and resolved promptly.

© Establish and nnintain positive working relationships through developing credibility and report.

Relationship Banker
August 2004 to October 2006 Company Name - City , State

Proactively initiate, develop, and manage long-term, profitable relationships.

Manage existing client relationships to identify future needs and consultatively address them

Profile prospects and clients to indentify additional financial needs, and refer to appropriate financial partners.

Deliver superior quality service in person or by phone such that client needs are met on a consistent positive basis.
Responsible for preparing weekly and monthly reports on employee and branch status in several aspects of banking,
Hold meetings weekly with employees on knowledge of current products, sales meetings, and on satisfying client needs.
