MORTGAGE BANKING UNDERWRITER II
schivor anes

Mortgage Banking Underwriter II, 04/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Analyze loan documentation to determine debt to income ratios, verification of assets, and credit risk for applicants seeking to obtain a
mortgage.

© Determined qualifying income from tax retums ofselfemployed borrowers that consist of Sole Proprietors, Partnerships, and S-Corps.

© Underwrite and apply needed conditions for mortgage applications to ensure customer meets product specifications and guidelines.

© Review loan documentation for accuracy, completeness, and compliance to Desktop Underwriter (DU) and Loan Prospector (LP) findings.

CMO otnesetneRuone) accebremenennmecs OR RUC anelnce tle

Senior Remote Underwriter , 11/2016 to 03/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Analyzed credit risk and financial strength of borrowers to determine credit worthiness and repayment capacity.

© Presented written and verbal loan decisions detailing the results of risk analysis that support recommendation to approve, suspend, or deny
request for mortgage insurance.

© Underwrote conventional conforming and non-conforming loans.

© Proposed counter offers for analysis that did not meet Arch MI or investor guidelines.

© Increased underwriting loan evel authority ftom $417,000 to $750,000.

Rennte Underwriter , 12/2012 to 10/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Analyzed incony, credit, and collateral docurrentation making quality risk decisions that comply with Arch MI's Guidelines and Exception
Matrix for Mortgage Insurance applicants.

* Exceeded productivity standards completing 4.5 files per day while increasing Joan level ftom $200,00 to $417,000.

¢ Assisted sales team in answering inbound scenario questions relating to credit risk and collateral requirements.

© Responsible for underwriting Fannie Mac and Freddie Mac loans.

Senior Underwriting Support Specialist , 06/2007 to 11/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Performed monthly audits for the Home Affordable Refinance Program application and Delegated Mortgage Insurance account submissions
Connect comb alow ne dacicl im

Trained new employees in the on-boarding process for remote underwriting.

Pld ercdnciguuMneeul coin cene sleet Levcom ace aun eb terminally cary

Developed procedures to process the Home Affordable Refinance Program

Recipient of the PMI Mortgage Insurance Diamond award for outstanding and stellar work performance.

Performed data entry for master policy requests and billed contract underwriting submissions.

Performed administrative duties for management team.

Underwriting Support Specialist II , 01/2005 to 05/2007
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CEE cea Secon SmenicencRend NM Okc ciien cond UNTi CR ae eas ni CR Mocae cine i cen enn taste laces aclited
* Registered and prepared incoming files for underwriting,

© Responsible for Operating switchboard that consisted of 50 working extension ina call center enviroment.

© Colkborated with the IT department to ensure computer systems and software issues were resolved ina timely manner.
© Prepared pre-approval of clients and requests for credit reports.

Underwriting Assistant , 06/2001 to 12/2004

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Performed data entry for delegated Mortgage Insurance requests that require company accuracy rating of at keast 95% to 100%.
Correspond to customer inquiries regarding status requests and underwriting decision.

Purchased and managed office supplies operating as inventory clerk and shipping clerk.

Managed shipping process and shipping logs for off-site file retention.

Work History
Mortgage Banking Underwriter II, 04/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Analyze loan documentation to determine debt to income ratios, verification of assets, and credit risk for applicants seeking to obtain a
mortgage.

* Determined qualifying income from tax retums ofselfemployed borrowers that consist of Sole Proprietors, Partnerships, and S-Corps.

¢ Underwrite and apply needed conditions for mortgage applications to ensure customer meets product specifications and guidelines.
