BANKING CENTER MANAGER
Summary

Uo ccro WE Lome HeWonniege oioe Ug iredbact ec set ieb acon ienindlpd noes tome Onrecalidisrant om oral ang
interpersonal skills.

*Versatile Sales Professional with background in banking and finance. Consistently meets bank and customer service standards.

*Results-oriented professional with over 7 years in sakes and branch managerrent.

A Siu mecinera cpm nbecca lbs rectiein Ro cadena imine tLec) Mm tuctccbitars ia scearecsiosleiceine ics) co
Tmnagerent. Secking a fulfilling position that offérs growth opportunities and allows me to utilize my kadership skills and experience.

Shana
Ce Sccguvers false gan ned : ial
. Sales expertise © Approachable
© Reliable Cie doi
e Excellent communication skills Pa een ee
¢ Strong work ethic 5 eel
Accomplishments

COU SS EU aneP errs anezenis
© Consistently helped associates development for new rokes(promotions)

© Selected to Market leadership team for Financial Center Managers

Experience
Banking Center Manager
PAT UPA PACRO Hone QUE NN IEA OLS MCI HIcs

Cessna GoM An ycoe SMS se aaunUsmencrurcw ynangecn (ay

BCM is responsible for keading, managing and coaching a team of saks and service professionals to meet and exceed sales targets, ensure
eco dortorcocolovmky ened entiaecuaomne karen Ke ed angers emenrar a aon

BCM acts as ‘general manager’ and is responsible for executing the One Team model by ensuring collaboration between banking center
Resten vnatcce ne Ropes ES aes

BCM demonstrates key behaviors to drive banking center success.

BCM ensures customer's needs are met by executing lobby leadership.

Observe banking center team in action through the eyes of the customer.

Supervise and coach tears on proper execution of key banking center plays.

COO eR ROU om UCU CcscUstomaus iras nannies ance e meen Chel gorse ate estes
Manage all aspects of'a successfull business including resource management, operational excellence, managing partnerships, associate
development and proficiency building and retaining customer relationships.

¢ Proactively identify and manage risk in every business, product, and service transaction keveraging the risk framework.

Create workforce stability by cultivating an engaged and well coached team

ower psalnicad
January 2010 to August 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

Personal Bankers (PBs) are responsible for offering and selling financial products and services (Le.

¢ Credit Cards, CDs, Loans) to both consumer and small business customers.

Routinely work with customers and small business clients, to buiki and deepen relationships by uncovering financial needs, and
recomend neh ele eed ha cmcay ecm cnc Hieia Op rccalpeeer csi ce

Ped eu et roe es rea gD Lorca RIL me eesle sou aivadne(om cartes a On aacen Peers reme ionamin
IS Ome LenB PCS LaCie

PB helps to create an excellent customer experience.

Proactively manage risk in every business, product, and service transaction leveraging the Risk Framework.

Ries n eons) reels]
August 2007 to February 2010 Company Name i City, State
