RELATIONSHIP SUPPORT OFFICER
breton ane

01/1997 to 01/2002

Rektionship Support Officer Company Name

Pe ocd Gniistcihwnkuecriceson yesh ener es rsucer ssc @icnitved cm rabia lama emrasceisiiopensletia ny
Bind m Rocce ianie Chil pidlesuincke ca Oma reees ein eny Lear suiacica centre RonemlnBicSpene ia bree eres og
information.

© Coordinated executive and senior management's scheduks, calendars, and agendas, and draffed meeting agendas and followed up on

meetings and teamconferences.

Worked with administrative team members and human resources staff during new employee hiring and special events.

Produced reports and correspondence, administered up-to-date organizational chart, maintained office activity logs and spreadsheets, and

distributed incoming mail throughout office.

© Past experience includes Administrative Word Processing Specialist in Trust and Investment Services.

01/1991 to 01/1997
01/1988 to 012016
(Oromo stone ani nae Gon ANC a AGIS MESH

Pe nec p ncaa sis ot Ue WAN ON ey eae konn ororarsierceniacielimer tne earl era) Et yea emanate cn
once enc leeriol sama hersiemiaancela cen @ecukyucri ace cma cungee aye doreia nee acy
Carer ay ccm

PNM imcRed em crude eee Take Nua ben me eaccime ame b in ciiekesne neta Panticmarsiivecetelpararecd
OP ter Bins inhouse neu inc Mota de eee ecm enc Miemn Rc cMOsLinlrah wy cdcnye wuss te Ole
Bank Secrecy Act, and Conmumity Reinvestment Act.

Drthecdicucaabencee Reels Srdcoegeeo rec Mw bre autlacercere ceases) lo coe

Released notes and security interests on paid off bans, processed commercial loan payments and advances on lines of credit, prepared
SOOO Bilinecr eb a okrcm Cele (crec mcr oat MrINeeT sence acliLemtnrancen Bice SCR Lo eee OM bCNm elt atC OIe
renewals, and modifications; documented commercial Joan packages and files using Provenir and Credit Workflow.

Communicated status of loan portfolio, including level of exception reporting, past due colkctions, and Joan maturity management.
Managed exception tracking, identification, curing, and evidencing with proper file documentation.

Compiled reports, prepared customer ktters, and followed up on annual financial reporting for customers and security interest documents.
Requested spreading and analysis of financial statements for assigned sectors, key business risk analysis, industry and sector analysis, and
adleeRonenenonenics

Ordered and reviewed Certificates of Good Standing, verified flood zone certifications during loan origination and renewals, and assisted
with periodic covenant checks and credit reviews.

Participated in external client meetings in conjunction with relationship manager and internal business meetings.

01/1988 to 01/1991

Regional Support Assistant Company Name

Education

yAv

Master of Science : Public Administration Metropolitan College of New York 1% City , State Public Administration

yAv ee

Bachelor of Science : Business and Church Management Nyack Colkge i City, State Business and Church Management

1999

Associate of Applied Science : Accounting Borough of Manhattan Community Colkege i%4 City, State Accounting

Professional Affiliations

(Ova pranensin ues coven RVC Lom owaR IMO merc eR Nenana clare bine boar eens ina ikecntty
Perey ctinemeceonniuias| Paniee heb iateaa bene R nor ccccS Re crab lila ect eokeowomvey cmeaciva ay soma Nl omitting
compliance with federal, state, and bank regulations. Skilled in streamlining and maintaining day-to-day workflows and planning, organizing, and
prioritizing special projects. Secking to apply expertise to take next career step with a respected banking institution that rewards hard work, talent,
and results. Qualifications Commercial Lending Regulatory Compliance Portfolio Management Records Management Relationship Management
Team Leadership Accomplishments Developed more efficient filng system and customer database protocok, resulting in increased office
organization. Worked with Regional Support Manager to develop and implement inaugural step-by-step employee manual, outlining proper
business procedures and helping employees understand office practices and Iegal processes.

cals

Pie oss eM mee cs Ponlnmeen cm cm OcclmMacc ler Mel almals orca comtCliaa
documentation, special events, senior management, financial reporting, analysis of financial staterrents, hirmg, human resources, Insurance, kiters,
ENOL Lec CM Mel emorsiiclteia moe emcee lem Aberi Br suee air cn aan TUOm TS errs Ce
spreadsheets, UCC, Word Processing, Workflow
