ASSISTANT OPERATIONS MANAGER

Summary

Experienced professional with a successfill career in banking. Organized, highly motivated, and detail-directed problem solver. Possess excellent

interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills. Excels within highly competitive fast paced environments where leadership skills are the keys to
success. An effective manager with the skills necessary to direct, train, and motivate staff to its fullest potential. Selfstarter and tasks oriented and
ability to manage multiple-tasks Excellent written and verbal communication skills and proficient in excel, word, outlook, and access.

schivor anes

04/2013 to Current

Company Name i City , State

Bis aVEtoole mace Wace ice mnahectkel cn seinem Lekinis ach haeran een) eo Genin

Prepare Treasury Management Work Orders using the Treasury Management Implementation Automation system (TMIA) and Technical
Assistance Requests.

Monitor and track implementation to avoid stalled or inactive implementations.

Assist the Treasury Management Consultant with gathering additional details for the setup and maintenance of Treasury Management
Sac Pa Mia uae @mond rinkocusleacouemaer iad

Prepare and review Treasury Management agreements.

Under Treasury Management Consultant direction: prepare, distribute, and collect customer legal agreements for clients’ signatures.
Validate Treasury Management agreements for accuracy to include signature verification, and submit to Treasury Management Agreement
Sloe ONES) Bem eeccrnce Gre hiaer hen Rong ne ee ena eee cICe Omi icheecce Sandie

Ability to work with a high level of independence, under general supervision.

Ability to independently research and resolve issues regarding implerrentation, escalate issues as appropriate.

Keep abreast of product lines, internal policies and procedures, and extemal regulations that may impact assigned area.

Citibank, Account Reconciliation Processing Englewood Clifis, New Jersey.

07/2002 to 06/2011
Assistant Operations Manager

Oversee daily operations of the department of 15 staff members.

Team leader for testing new software for startup of new department with regards to client implementation which resulted in a seamless
firticsie ei emces ac ven rayecsle em

Escahted and resolved customers issues and comphints on operational matters Assisted the manager in recruiting diligent professionals
dedicated to high values of service and performance.

Designed and coordinated in developing proper training programs for the employees of the organization for enhancing their efficiency.
Handled all queries and client feedback ina professional manner.

Supported manager in performing management fictions such as staffing, training and expanding business plans.

Oversee reconcikments are done on a timely and accurately basis.

Work with Implementation Managers and Relationship Managers on account setups.

FOAL Y IMCCTUI AO SLAC MSICOeI oe

Liaison between clients, IT, client service, and customer service.

06/2001 to 06/2002
Ttem Fraud Coordinator Company Name i City , State

Supervise 10 staff members.

Conduct transaction activity reviews and client relationships to determine financial risk to the organization.

aU aE eb cecertie lB one cto

Contact clients to determine validity of check/ttem presented ifdeemed suspect.

Identify unusual transaction behavior pattems on clients’ accounts.

Access and utilize all system available, SignPlus, NCIS and Check Vision, CUSTOM, FileNet, to locate Information needed in order to
compkte a thorough analysis of suspect items.

Orta canet eb oestnes EQai ames il ael aneuliameneran

Advise and direct Financial Center associates of action to be taken on client's account when fraud has been detected.

Vea hexs Co keh eke cen Etat Orne a Voniinnerner aia nameieiLanaleitebocie TaD oitien ces
File ana at ice Lanes eoelene

Prepare and submit daily MIS for 10 stafl

CURPAUT OR RH IAz0LeD |
Bank Teller Company Nan 14 City , State

Accept cash and checks for deposit and check accuracy of deposit slip.

Process cash withdrawals.

Perform specialized tasks such as preparing cashiers checks, personal money orders, issuing traveler's checks and exchanging foreign
onsen

Perform services for customers such as ordering bank cards and checks.

Receive and verify loan payments, mortgage payments and credit card payments.
