FINANCIAL AID SPECIALIST

Summary

Dedicated results-oriented business professional experienced in customer service and financial aid administration. Superior communication and
training skills, buikds positive relations with internal and external clients. Versatile problem solver who implements plans that exceed objectives.
Technically proficient in Sunguard's Banner and Ellucian's Datatel Colleague student information systems as well as Microsoft business applications:
Additional capabilities in: Customer Service Budget Management Business Analysis Problem Resolution Productivity Improverments Process
Enhancernis Training Docurrentation Planing/Organization

Professional Experience

Financial Aid Specialist

REI gal CARO Tara aoe clan ti cht A OLN mEClT| Ce

Counsels and advises students conceming financial aid opportunities, application processes and financial management strategies.

Educates students in the identification of all sources of financial aid availabk, including the requirements and regulations within programs.

Successfilly manages $30,000 annual childcare assistance budget.

Interprets, implements and ensures the College is in compliance with state and federal agencies by maintaining a thorough knowledge of

federal and state financial aid, scholarship rules and regulations.

Determines eligibility and awards financial aid applicants utilizing various software packages.

This includes processing applications and corrections, document tracking, completing the verification process, generating tracking and award

notifications.

© Develops and maintains eflective working relationships with clien/custorer in order to initiate, facilitate, and complete work in assigned
student service program area.

© Prepares, updates and coordinates policies and procedures for administering the Federal Pell Grant, North Carolina Community College
Grants, Education Lottery Scholarship, and childcare assistance find programs.

© Performs research, data collection, and analysis of information, and report writing,

© Utilizes, reconciles, and manipulates data from different intemal and external software.

Student Services Specialist/Financial Aid Counselor
January 2010 to January 2012 Company Name 1% State

Counsels prospective and enrolled students, parents and community members on all aspects of financial aid.

Reconciles differences that arise between what was awarded and what the student is eligble to receive for state and federal student aid.
Communicates and works with employees to gain understanding of'a commitirent to set work standards, processes, and procedures.
Develops and muintains effective working relationships with clien/custorer in order to initiate, facilitate, and complete work in assigned
student service program area.

Performs research, data collection, and analysis of information, and report writing.

Utilizes, reconciles, and manipulates data from different intemal and extemal software systems.

Selected Accomplishments Achieved Financial Aid Employee of the Quarter for 3rd Quarter of 2010 for superior performance.

January 2007 to January 2010 Company Name i’ City , State

Special Assets Adjuster | Minimizes delinquency rates on retail loans through successfill negotiations and problem resolution with clients.
Improves processes in management of delinquent loans-through thorough analysis- preventing foreclosures, charge-offs, and repossessions.
Updates management and branch lenders with regular reports on project progress and outcomes.

Ensures accurate, up-to-date processing and documentation after review of loan services fiks.

Selected Accomplishments Contributed to a drop in delinquency from 9.98% to just 3.12% in 1 year through personal achievement and
productivity-enhancing suggestions, such as starting with past-60-day notices first.

¢ Doubked monthly colkctions goal, exceeding $105,000 im December 2008.

© Selected to join a workflow analysis team, documenting critical data surrounding daily activity.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science : Business Administration Finance Management Information Systems , 2008 UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA AT
PEMBROKE 1% State Business Administration Finance Management Information Systems

Affiliations

Member, National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators, 2010 - Present Member, Southern Association of Student Financial Aid
Administrators, 2012 - Present Member, North Carolina Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators, 2010 - Present

als

budget, client, clients, data collection, documentation, Financial, financial managerrent, Grants, 98, works, negotiations, policies, problem
resolution, processes, Improves processes, progress, report writing, research, retail, workflow analysis
