CASE MANAGER
Professional Summary

Detail-oriented professional focused on developing comprehensive youth and family-related programs and services. Comprehensive background
includes providing case management services to adults and youth involved with the juvenile justice system
Skill Highlights

Ora nlisnon unt

© Fanily and children's programs knowledge —«_- Exceptional interpersonal skills
© Crisis prevention intervention CRE sta cow aa
© Child abuse and criminal history clearance = * Exemplary peopk managenent skills
© Discharge planning ¢ Exceptional communication skills
© Parent-child conflict specialist © Analytical thinker
© Suicidal ideation identification © Compassionate and active listener
© Alternative Discipline Techniques © First Aid certified
© Mental health systers © Clean driving record
schivor anes

© Determined client cligbility for benefit programs and services.
CM <cicncckelerchosciinemincrs ceo etelicena cay acm
© Managed clinical and administrative aspects of the agency's mental health services.

Education and Training
Bachelors of Arts : Psychology 2011 West Virginia State University , City , State

© Child Developrent and Psychology coursework
© Commumications and Public Relations coursework
¢ Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Studies coursework

schivor anes
Company Name Case Manager 12/2013 to Current

Provides case managermnt services including intake, assessment, crisis intervention, advocacy, referral, and monitoring of families.
Gathers social history to assess family strengths, and weaknesses, and to assess existing problems.

Conducts home visits and office base services, and accompanies consumers as needed.

Coordinates care with outreach workers, health educators, nutritionists and other service providers to prevent service duplication and to
ensure the consumer receives high quality care.

Identifies and procures group services appropriate for the consumer to maximize the consumer’s ability to live outside an institution.

© Plan and assist in obtaining services from third-party service providers.

Develops plan of care for each consumer to include services such as advocacy/case management, independent living skills, training, peer
support, physical therapy, cognitive therapy, etc.

Monitors the delivery of services in coordination with the consumer and third party service providers.

Assists consumers with related mtters including consumers’ eligibility for benefits through Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, and private
piecstiest oem

© Maintains up to date case records with the status of case activity, including progress notes on all contacts.

* Proficient with establishing work relationships with client Demonstrates competence in verbal and written communication skills Ability to
handle crisis situations with minimal supervision.

Company Name Case Manager 10/2011 to 12/2013

© Providing Inkage and advocacy to chikiren and adolescents and their families Assists families in developing the skills and supports necessary
to enhance quality of life, increase adaptive fimctioning, and improve self-sufficiency in the commumity Provide services that include
advocacy, referrals, evahutions, and treatment planning Performs on going evaluations of the family's strengths and needs to ensure timely
and effective services Provide supportive counseling to improve day to day coping and problem solving skills Provide services in the home
setting, school setting, and community setting Profile prospects and clients to identify additional financial needs and refer to appropriate
financial partners.

Deliver superior quality service in person or by phone such that client needs are met on a consistent, positive basis.

Train new employees Completes mental health assessments on adult and adolescence populations to ensure proper treatment services
Support team service process by participating in team service efforts such as service meetings.

Company Name City , State Senior Teller/Relationship Banker 05/2006 to 10/2011

¢ Responsible for a variety of duties aimed at providing client services such as receiving, paying out, and keeping an accurate record ofall
reiveB Weta n bhai Bcoea neice Lele
