FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINER
Summary
Well-regarded professional with proven record in analyzing statistical data and financial documents, providing comprehensive assessment of overall
health of financial institutions. Meticulous analyst who quickly evaluates data to accurately assess financial risk and regulatory compliance in fast-
paced, time-sensitive environments. Skilled relationship manager - fluent in both English and Spanish - who is effective in engaging others to
progress project goals.
Highlights

© Financial analysis

: Caen vieven iiss
. ee he <a Bas Ceo elbetu kevlar sltets
© Financial forecasting ¢ Financial modeling
* Risk management expertise | Variance Trend Analysis
OMe eae ans
Jeanne

Financial Institutions Examiner Mar 2011 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City , State

OU retkoaniiMtoeey sind bianiiceicd Coeoucrnekyeecilet Rees alt aaa WB Asia ures ocnlsiLeicms bel Peleg
Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) ruks.

« As subject mtter expert, conducted training, coached team members, and compiled/reported results while managing stakehokler relations.
Assessed adequacy of assets and liabilities risk managerrent policies and practices, including liquidity and sensitivity to market risks; and net
interest margin level and trends.

Assessed adequacy of institution's lending administrative and underwriting policies and practices; borrower's repayment capacity; collateral
protection; collateral valuations; legal documentation; and allowance for loan and kease losses’ levels and methodology.

Reviewed and evaluated quality of credits ranging from $100 thousand to $25 million, assessing the adequacy of lending practices and level
of risks within the lending area of the bank.

Reviewed legal lending documents to determine adequacy of content/structure, covenants and performance/compliance with pertinent terms
as well as assessing quality of administrative practices, such as disbursements, tracking of insurance, payment of taxes, request of financial
information; others.

Evaluated the adequacy and strength of financial institution's corporate and capitalization structure, as well as business initiatives and future
prospects.

Evaluated financial institution's practices; the adequacy of internal controls and procedures; the general character of management; and
compliance with consumer protection, and safety and soundness standards.

Evaluated adequacy of audit practices and workpapers, and performed offsite reviews and analyzed audited financial statements.
Reviewed and assessed the adequacy of affiliate transactions and potential risk to the insurance fimd.

Assessed the accuracy of depository institution's financial regulatory reports, and evaluated level and trends in financial performance.
Evaluated business impact analysis and risk assessment to determine if residual risk is acceptable.

Reviewed and evaluated the adequacy of the financial institution's Bank Secrecy Act (BSA)/Anti-money Laundry (AML)/Offfice of Foreign
Assets Control (OFAC) programs, as well as Information Technology (IT) and Information Security Systerss.

Assessed compliance with fair lending, civil rights laws and regulations, and the Community Reinvestment Act.

© Participated and evaluated CAMELS components and other specialty areas on examinations of financial depository institutions with total
assets ranging from $100 million to $20 billion.

Provided on-the-job training to less experienced staff members.

Compiled, composed, edited or proofread and evaluated comments for inclusion in final report.

Prepared final reports and drafts memps to communicate status of the examination/project.

Cited and supported apparent contraventions and violations of regulatory guidance when necessary.

Researched and gathered information froma variety of technical and regulatory materials to recommend corrective action; and explained
verbally and in writing the application of laws, regulations and practices covering a technical specialty area.

Assessed depository institution's financial performance, strategic plan, budget process, and contingency fimding plans.

© Assessed and evaluated adequacy of institution's accounting practices and independent review prograns.

Identified incorrect accounting entries/data entry postings.

Admissions Advisor Nov 2008 to Nov 2010
Company Name i City , State

© Led recruitment activities and provided support to new and continuing students.

¢ Impkmented recruitment phn to achieve budgeted goals each term

* Analyzed past recruitment pattems/projected leads, establishing plan that set specific goals for each step of recruitment process to ensure
Pine rsleLesl cRWWc eM atlvetrem

¢ Assisted new and continuing students, reaching out and providing guidance that helped them progress through programs.

TT Specialist Intern Oct 2007 to Feb 2008
Company Name i City , State

* Provided technical support to all users, assisting with virus response/resolution, security patches, and application needs.
¢ Monitored progress and testing status of 2000+ new applications, serving as bridge between developer and clients to keep stakeholders
