PLACEMENT AGENT / DORADO BEACH RESORT
Accomplishments

CRC USK CRIES OV CUP MA Cinaale mace cia i iitad
© Yale University Varsity Termis Team / Division 1 NCAA - Recipient of Stuart B. Ludlum Award '69

CS ara Bate)

© Proficient in DBC Finance (Municipal Bonds), Argus Real Estate, SNL Financial, Bloomberg, Capital 1Q, Thomson One
© Banker, Factset and all Microsoft Office products (expert in Excel); FINRA Series 7 License

PEP Nicten ca orescy

© Marathon Running, Tennis, N.Y. Yankees, N.Y. Giants, Military History, Politics and Traveling

Professional Experience

May 2014 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

© Organized and structured the Platinum Banking team of FirstBank Puerto Rico (NYSE: FBP). Led the development ofa private banking
group dedicated strictly to Act 20 and Act 22 (Tax Exemption Laws of 2012) clients that moved to Puerto Rico.

© Leda team of experienced and motivated private banking professionals dedicated to serving Act 20/22 clients on all suitable financial needs

* Provide a broad range of services including business and individual deposit accounts, commercial loans, cash management services, high
yiekl accounts, credit cards, mortgages, leasing, OREOs and other resources available at the Bank

Placerent Agent / Dorado Beach Resort
January 2007 to January 2012 Company Name i City , State

Representative Highlights: A—| Achieved 45% market share with over 200 clients in less than 1 year - aggregate deposits of over $30 mma
—| Achieved highest rank among officers in deposits, accounts and cash managerment sales (Platinum and Business Banking) UBS Financial
Services Incorporated of Puerto Rico Investment Banking - Corporate and Public Finance Group / San Juan, P.R. (Associate Director
2007 - 2012 / Director 2013 - 2014)

Created dynamic financial models, including DCF, tax credit analysis, mvestment return analysis, capitalization rate-based and multiple-
based valuations for sell-side and buy-side advisory transactions

Analyzed AFICA's, new money and refimding debt, as well as equity offerings for issuers; including hotel and real estate developments,
financial institutions, general industrials, the Goverment of Puerto Rico and several of its authorities

¢ Assisted UBS Asset Managers of P.R. in the financial analysis for the issuance of structured products and mutual fimds

© Executed as lead underwriter, advisor or placement agent over $14.1 bn, $3.1 bn and $428 mm in municipal, corporate, and mutual find
(closed-end or open-end) transactions, respectively totaling $2.9 bn (Municipal Debt) 4 Joint Lead Underwriter / P.R. Sales Tax
SeapeaGe mente er PALI Te MALO een nny meme ere lb Peo memo esee alieow muesli alee carci esl (ud alae cd
B & Tender Exchange to Commnn totaling $1.3 bn (Corporate Equity) a Joint Lead Underwriter / Tripke-S (GTS) IPO of $203 mm
(Corporate Equity) Notes totaling $166 mm (Corporate Debt) af Soke Underwriter / P.R. AAA Bond Fund II and P.R. Fixed Income
Fund VI IPOs totaling $65 mm (Closed-End Funds)

PONS OP eran accede einen terecs ened SAUL CACM rater
Airport in San Juan, P.R. to Aerostar) for $615 mm. UBS acted as Sole Advisor and Co-Lead Arranger.

Nrrrew arama Une wet) icit
RE AUe RoR MAU me lian clicker NmnCT(e

© Advised Technology, Media and Telecom clients on a wide range of potential transactions, including: mergers, acquisitions, private equity
investrents, leveraged buyouts, and capital raising

Created dynamic financial models including standalone financing and operating models, leveraged buyouts, DCF and multiple-based

SGU IsLe beter eicUNIEs om es noMeee Ra icelmtt eee sy

Involved in all aspects of deal generation and implementation, including coordination of business development, execution of financial and
strategic analysis, and delivery of solutions in partnership with product groups

Executed as lead underwriter, advisor or placement agent over $4.3 bn in corporate transactions Representative Transactions: A Joint
Lead Arranger to target company / General Atlantic acquisition of Network Solutions for $800 mm (M&A) 4—{ Soke Financial Advisor to
target company / Comrast acquisition of Fandango for $200 mm (M&A) i—{ Sole Bookrunner / Churchill Ventures (CHV) IPO totaling
$108 mm (Corporate Equity) a Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner / Intelsat Senior Unsecured Term Loan of $1.0 bn
(Corporate Debt)

Education

B.A. : Economics and Latin American Studies , 2006 Yale University / New Haven i City , State , US Yale University / New Haven, CT. B.A.
Double Major - Economics and Latin American Studies (2002 - 2006) GPA: 3.6 / 4.0 - NCAA/ ITA Varsity Scholar-Athkte Award Winner
English, Spanish , 2002 Academia del Perpetuo Socorro High School i City , State , US Academia del Perpetuo Socorro High School / San
Juan, P.R. (1998 - 2002) Languages: English, Spanish (native) and Intermediate Brazilian Portuguese

Certifications

Banker, Factset and all Microsoft Office products (expert in Excel); FINRA Series 7 License

atic

Languages: English, Spanish (native) and Intermediate

als

Clients, Credit, Investment Banking, Cash, Cash Management, Forecasting, Municipal, Saks, Accounts And, Associate, Credit Analysis,
