FINANCIAL CONSULTANT

Summary

Acchallenging opportunity that will allow me to contribute and develop as a successfill business partner, leveraging my leadership, analytical, and
Re aeencn een aineoaea Lee

schivor anes

AU UR retavans

Financial Consultant Company Name 14 City , State

Key point of contact and FP&A responsibility for seven diverse and rapidly growing lines of business within Corporate Banking,

© Full balance sheet and P&L forecasting responsbilities on both balanced balance sheet and MMCOF kvels.

Business-Ievel and roll-up analysis around customer-level and industry drivers, rol-on/roll-off analysis, an extensive cross-sell portfolio, and
Peano sec ge ponies

Pla/Budget coordination, presentations, and proposals to LOB and finance leadership.

Ongoing negotiation around performance improvemenvefliciencies, and expected growth.

Automation of daily balance sheet reporting, Plan templates, dynamic balance sheet/ P&L/reconciliation tools (VBA, Macros, SQL).
Contribution to bi-annual stress testing efforts/coordination.

Training of co-workers/business partners on balanced balance sheet and MMCOF methodologies.

Point of contact for key aspects of the Canadian Initiative, helping to coordinate between domestic business groups and international
Perna

01/2008 to 01/2010
Financial Consultant Company Name 14 City , State

Responsible for full balance sheet & income statement analysis/forecasting/management reporting for Private Banking Ine of business
consisting ofa $43 billion deposit and $34 billion Joan portfolio.

Key national business contact for regional and central managerent reporting, business drivers, pricing, ALCO, credit/risk, analytics, and
model development.

¢ Ongoing Wachovia merger/integration efforts.

© Developrent of new reporting & analysis tools within transitioning systems and amongst new finance partners.

Design and implementation of complex financial forecast models and tools for leadership and finance partners nationwide, (Hyperion
Essbase, Excel, VBA, & MS Access) Communication and presentations to various finance, accounting, and credit partners, with very
positive feedback from Ieadership and peers.

Automation and streamlining of time sensitive and resource demanding processes including daily/monthly reporting, production, and
forecasting efforts.

01/2006 to 01/2008
Financial Consultant Company Name 14 City , State

© Supervised nine staff with constantly changing project goals and deadlines.

© Responsible for quarterly financial staternent and variance analysis for $13 billion commercial real estate portfolio.

Designed and developed database solutions for a rapidly growing portfolio (queries, pivot table reports, Access forms, user interfaces, and
SOLS NATIasanhUte

Automated several processes resulting in greater group efficiency and accuracy.

Primary contact for quality assurance, training, database analysis, and workflow guidance.

Modeling and high level trend reporting for budgeting, vendor managerrent, and capacity planning purposes.

Project ead involving analysis, training, and communication with both domestic vendors, and team members from Wells Fargo India
Solutions.

01/2004 to 01/2006
Financial Planning Analyst Company Name i City , State

© Supported Certified Fimancial Planner & clients to establish individualized financial plans for retirement, investrent, surance, long-term
care, and small business needs.

© Research, modeling & scenario analysis for clients financial planning presentations.

© Headed marketing, branding, and website design projects for privately-owned financial planning practice.

01/2000 to 01/2001
Inte Company Name 14 City , State

© Researched potential lease sites and comparables for corporate clients.
¢ Assisted in broker presentations and maintained client relations.

brairestbeny

vA

Masters : Business Administration St. Mary's College of Califomia Business Administration
yee

B.S : Management Science University of Califomia i City Management Science
