PARTNER ACCOUNT MANAGER
Executive Summary
Over 6 years of customer facing management experience in managing Healthcare IT and Banking industry. Managed teams of 15 to 20 members
and projects involving cross fimctional teams to achieve organizational goals.
Core Qualifications

© MS Excel, Project, Word, PowerPoint

* SAPR3

Car ach)

© Orack SQL (TOAD)

BST) ce ener U

¢ VISIO

Professional Experience
Partner Account Manager 04/2014 to 08/2014
Company Name

linemen Lome bancueemereslcatrei a

Managed project with regard to the Customers product deployment in SaaS Platform

I eceeicle) a Gracie cll am @lLecltenm astcaeratcleine Rica Lecwatseane tics

Resolving In-service request through Jira and registering nodes and adding servers on SaaS Plaza phtform
Monitoring the Invoice and Billing on product renewals.

Setting up the Product demo environment for the Partners and their customers.

Assisted Partners with online training and educate them about the product usage in the cloud platform

Client Account Manager 07/2011 to 12/2013
oi
© Drive sakes through Partners and Distributors.
* Managed existing partners and generate revenues from them Conducting promotional activities and events for partners and Distributors and
Bi kereuhnics lovee nie pee Ono RICCO MORO RUAN nee Mieuclece dicey sn LeTeeBinD ey any en ineetrstnCatie
and partner relations programs to increase partnership growth and retention Analyzing and identifying the ways to maximize the revenue
through lead generation and Promotional events.
¢ Handling Latin American Market and Accounts tagged to the territory for Premier and Elite partners.
Working together with Sales representatives to create Quotations, license renewals and approve Deal registrations for the partners based on
their Certifications and partner kevels.
Creating awareness about the Partner benefit program in order to maximize the sakes opportunity Managing quotations and the renewal
Foye) ress

Relationship Manager 01/2010 to 05/2011
Company Name

* Customers’ acquisition in order to increase transaction book size.

¢ Establishing alliances which would ensure steady stream of business referrals.

© Increase Customer Profitability.

* Used Oracle SQL to analyses the financial data related to the customer borrowings of fimds.

© Continue Professional development.

Cee Cee RY Airsccrunacyes case)

* Managed Trade and Asset services of the customers Worked closely with a treasury department related to the hedging of fimds.

© Handling small and medium enterprise accounts with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of available
resources Conceptualizing and implementing competent strategies with a view to penetrate new accounts and expand existing ones for a
wide range of Banking products/services Managing a wide gamut of banking fictions for small and medium enterprise accounts.

© Managing Assets domain for the Corporate Clients with key expertise into corporate lending services.

Health Advisory Manager 05/2006 to 12/2009
Company Name

© Receive Service Request(SR) from the HealthCare clients (Customers).

Analyze and study the SR thoroughly to ensure Compliance as per HIPAA and HCPC Provide customer support and assist internally to
process Chins and Requests by inter-departmental collaboration.

Analyzing customers’ financial accounts and provide statistical reports to optimize their revenue generation and managerment.

Generate financial customized reports using SQL and EXCEL for customers.

Trained customers on Product policies related to the Health and Accidental Coverages.

Managed cross fictional team within the Organization to increase focus on new customers.

Managed customer centric operations pre and post implementation.

Assist Back office fiction related with regard to patient Scheduling/Verification.

Monitored Clients data validation in accordance with the given code of conduct.
