BANKING CENTER MANAGER, ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT
iterating
Hands-on, dependabk, dedicated team coach, who is goal directed as well as quality and detail conscious. Extensive passion toward developing

employees to their fullest potential. Maintains a high degree of energetic keadership, problenrsolving, planning and team buikding skills that ead to
ESP eres TEs ee (carte

Sania nny

¢ Established track record of exceptional saks results.  ¢ Compelling kadership skils.

Car uelonecuentbercgee best oem © Resolution oriented.

¢ Excelent communication skils. Rem Salincratit aelnap cleat om Berl lcnst Ry om
Accomplishments

Currently standing at highest percentage achieved for banking center goals in 2014.

Top 10% Banking Center in 2013 for Comerica Bank, Michigan Market.

Developed two under-performing Banking Centers into top performing offices in 2011-2012 and 2012-Present Day. A

Top performing Assistant Manager Statewide for Comerica Bank in 2010.

Experience
01/2012 to Current
Sea am VE Le MSTA Oe ues «Cate

© Comerica Bank (Brooklyn Office) Promote the importance of higher education and assist employees with steps to achieve such goals.
Nomimated as a Banking Center Manager Mentor for new and existing colleague onboarding process.

Directly manage the human resource processes for employees, including selection, training, performance managenent, individual career
development and retention,

Designated management trainer for first time Assistant Manager and Personal Bankers.

Created and established a successfull training program for new management personal after corporate program was eliminated.

Develop and manage high-performing employees through positive and professional relationship team building skill.

Hold weekly sales meetings, and daily debrief pertaining to sales goals and operation changes.

Utilize all sales tools; including profiling customer's needs through the use of various technologies, including generating business from call
ec om ct

Exceed Corporates budgeting fee collection expectation.

ee e

0122011 to 012012
au @uow Velleman sate kO ica

Comerica Bank (Grass Lake Office) Lead and direct sales, quality customer service and business development activities to achieve targeted
ReMip rx reROecuesiere cadena slcesn eu Uma cmc minions atm kalsinaety

oni eccksliss ata Loim

Actively coach and model behaviors conceming sales and services.

Ween ol eee meniceccymarlvera kaon nanemelndanaice

Responsibke for overall leadership of sales management and success of Banking Center.

Compkete financial assessments on clientek, analyze their needs and make professional banking recommendations based off of assessments.
Serer amen UE nOOUb acer RM SE COe Lee

Ce ee)

04/2005 to 01/2011
Banking Center Assistant Manager Company Name

¢ Select, develop and retain a diverse team of high performing individuab.

© Lead by example and educate staff'in the areas of extraordinary customer experience, service excelkence, and thorough knowkdge of
products and services.

¢ Coach and mentor individual development processes for assigned employees, including on the job training, career development, team
development and ensure successfull employee retention.

Ce genet e em mcop ce reeiiccaimrreniacmine races lnm ly etl eee ele
