MEMBER SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE

Si

Tend
Skilled relationship-builder who is able to establish easy rapport with customers, building trust and respect. Highly service-oriented individual who

is responsive to need and thorough in follow-through. Organized, effective multitasker with excellent coordination skills and a keen attention to

(lentil

schivor anes
Member Services Representative 03/2015 14 Current Company Nai City , State

Promoted from Cashier to Lead Cashier to help train staffand facilitated huddles in the moming (Meijer).

Among the top 10% advisers in Telephone Banking in 2011 and 2012 Peer coach for new and other existing employees Peer to Peer
Winner (JP Morgan Chase).

Received "Best of the Best" Award for Outstanding Customer Service in 2012 (JP Morgan Chase).

In 2013 and 2014 ranked in the top 5 of Cohuvbus Fraud Analysts with zero bottom box/ Subject Matter Expert for new and existing
employees (IP Morgan Chase).

Led and facilitate team meetings in the absence ofa manager (JP Morgan Chase).

In 2015 promoted from Member Service Representative Trainee to Member Service Representative (OPERS).

Responds to inbound telephone inquiries from members, benefit recipients, and others regarding all OPERS benefits and services.
Provides benefit information necessary for members to make informed life-path decisions regarding benefit selection, account changes, etc.
Promotes self-service and benefit awareness by promoting resources such as the Member Benefits System and the OPERS website, and
providing assistance in navigation of those sites Fosters a strong customer service and team-oriented work enviroment.

Takes ownership by following through and ensuring timely and quality service.

Risk Operations Analyst II 08/2014 i4 02/2015 Company Name City , State

Pinpointed fraud trends specific to online money moverrent and communicated information to colleagues within department.
Researched monetary transactions made at Chase.com, ensuring validity of transactions and security of customer accounts.
Collaborated across lines of business within Chase to better serve customers and reduce delay in online money movement.

Risk Operations Analyst 07/2013 i%4 08/2014 Company Name City , State

Answer high volume incoming calls from internal Chase colleagues and account hokders who require assistance with deposit holds, New
Account Screening, Fraud Activity, Account Restrictions, AML Closures, Kiting and AAU Closures.

Detect fraud to prevent loss for the customer and Chase, by reviewing necessary documents and investigate account activity as wells as the
ISR u a oreceria@ne) vam

PDs OR gull orl Ean arena erin

Screen accounts to ensure, the customer meet and comply with KYC policy and procedure of Chase and to verify no risky business is/or
has been initiated, which could pose a potential risk to the bank.

Provide peer coaching, walk the floor as a SME to provide assistance to analyst with complex customer issues and assist new hires once on
the production floor.

Senior Service Specialist 12/2012 i 06/2013 Company Nan City , State

Enforced relief to the customers by reviewing the situation, ensuring consumer satisfaction throughout the de-escalation process.
Investigate and solve customers’ long-standing or complex probkns.

Duties included working with site leaders to investigate complaints and suggest improvements.

Identify and highlight issues that impact policies, processes and procedures for the necessary changes/improvernts.

Maintain accurate and timely records of correspondence or discussions with the customers in various systems.

Customer Service Specialist 01/2010 14 11/2012 Company Name City , State

Remnined up to date for developments and changes in products, services, policies and procedures by reading job aid guides, attending
briefing/meetings and completing courses.

Participated ina variety of special projects as requested by managerent, including piloting system and/or process improvennnis.
Demonstrated appropriate and professional phone skills.

Exhibited composure and patience.

Received inbound calls, volume of 80-150 daily.

Make sure the customers understand all products and services.

Duties included keeping clients current and up to date with personal, CD, and/or business accounts, credit card, auto/ school/mortgage
Soar Om LR eacla nee tCMme cocci eral Ricrilasbicines

Process orders for customers, debit/credit/liquid cards, checks, check registers, account and/or tax statement.

Online trouble shooting, helping the customer navigate Chase online Duties included but not limited to password and code resets, access to
accounts online, account alerts via text or ermil,

Create claims for customers and follow up with chim making sure any incorrect charge is corrected.

Meeting each goal for every month duties included but not limited to: maintaining Jow handle time on the phone, and maintaining great
(OTC hruasliaace

Having team meetings twice a month to give ideas for better service and share experience's to eam from

Peer coaching new hired bankers.
