MORTGAGE BANKING DOCUMENT MORTGAGE BANKING DOC OPS SPECIALIST

AStrarstag

Ability to organize and multi-task in a fast paced environment; possess ability to prioritize workload and operate effectively and efficiently with
minimal supervision. Ability to think analytically and creatively in response to problem Knowkedge of commercial loan pricing, credit policies,
eum Nel Roel onn Lom enema nunc Michnep econa nse nee areeRu AIA eco NST eer
Col) oceupeq cee einem tae ann cane

Perea

SAP, Lotus Notes, Team Leader and Administrative support in commumications and training, Research, Reporting, Negotiation Skills,
Organization and Interpersonal skills, team work and dedication. Proficient and strong PC skills in scheduling software, Windows XP, Microsoft
Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint, Excellent interpersonal, oralwritten commumication and partnering skills,

Experience

Mortgage Banking Document Mortgage Banking Doc Ops Specialist

March 2009 to Current Company Name - City , State

© Update procedures as needed and support all team lead functions and reporting.

¢ Monitor documents daily for mortgage banking customers.

ie dic mug rebmeueianl ce omracctied antes yee laicloane sore iece Te ROS COMIN BI ES Can MrL OreaCy TT
performing daily finctions displaying professionalism, time management skills, and organizational skills.

lO rolBeBnshenbib ced heuyiNe oer OM ire angen a eaicem

Test new reporting and tracking systems.

Work closely with department channels, management, and automation to resolve a multitude of complex issues and provide testing results.
Monitor reports and queues for Lien Release Customer Care Workbench inbox and the manual add accounts in the payoff tracing system
ber entered Ob eorke rane raceiceir eb eee

Mees com oneal en watts
July 2007 to August 2008 Company Nanr - City , State

¢ Responsibk for entering and reporting Customer Care Professional schedule and exception activity.

Communicated informtion to the Call Service team in regards to the company's and department news, policies, procedures, and new
batt hem

Analyzed test results on calls and forecasting for scheduling purposes.

Partnered with various management teams to share responsibility for meeting service kevel and response time objectives across all contact
channel; utilizes scheduling software and tools for managing workforce-related tasks and ensuring effective and efficient utilization ofsuch
Freel nee

Responsible for assisting management with business unit productivity goals by providing accurate forecasting, staff calculations, staff
schedules and management reports.

¢ Assist management in monitoring adherence, staffing activity and updating the system as needed.

Cee yo cocichined  cccrRerbhonmiinalercklnepsrencccos

* Developed and maintained employee work schedules based on capacity requirements for all Sales and Service or Loss Reporting Unit
phone and processing staff

Produced weekly schedules for 100+ Customer Service Representatives based on forecasted volure and workload to ensure adequate
Srilined atom are marsleteke saci nlc

Managed call outs, paid time offand overtine to hit hbor budgets.

Officer Manager
December 2006 to March 2009 Company Nan - City , State

¢ Certified trainer on income tax preparation through H&R Block.

¢ Advised employees of updated annual changes received from the IRS.

Pra satce kale ame icn

OMA eco Riccul AWB ononkeenacnnsnouiecnaia uta pence es GCs

Pee Pociulgoclnec enna acs ite bcceureeneny slender cccenmucoe rave han EIA OE eB lesan AUCH
Tax preparer when needed.

Containment Quality Inspector
January 1999 to April2007 Company Nanx - City , State

© Separated non-conforming parts to ensure the guidelines for quality guidelines are met.

© Insupport ofand under the direction of quality engineers, supervisors, or technicians, used the proven techniques to evaluate hardware
Cine mre seocioeg nuda time nodiat sud a cmcHan ce up cccsuar On rem cee Cfenlo meine Ret artice Ona
rae

CMU rrinec Roam Onehmaullnerin eine hncomibramuncni einer sie

braitestbeny
Bachelors of Business Administration : Computer Information Systems Northeast Louisiana University Computer Information Systems
Master of Business Administration : Human Resource Management University of Phoenix - City , State Human Resource Management
