ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE

Profile

Innovative senior account executive with thirteen years of experience in managing and coordinating client relations secking a position that will
leverage my education and experience to build a successful business partnership. Quick and flexible in response to changing market conditions and
new technologies in relation to corporate goals and standards. I have a proven background in information technology, and have spent hundreds of
hours in training leaming all aspects of the IT environment and how it effects companies ofall sizes. My ability to earn quickly and work well
independently makes me a value to any company that I would work with. Expertise includes information technology, distribution, logistics, sales,
oa as lems CCUUA Manian Reo ae race tal once

Core Qualifications

Proficient in all Microsoft Office Suite products, Lotus Notes, Outlook, Sales Certifications in Apc, Symantec , VMware, HP ,Microsoft, IBM 1

| Page

Professional Experience

01/2010 to Current

Account Executive Company Narre 1% City , State

tam nie Raters aber Rita cice decd ines enieecetiaed om isis alten Rca MT ie Re cine Rose NA
Responsible for sourcing, bidding and delivery ofall equipment and overseeing sourcing ftom Channel distributors to ensure we meet the
clients budget while at the same time maintaining profitability with our channel partners.

Source products and services through channel distributors.

Negotiate quantity and pricing with the channel distributors.

Establishing relationships with key partners Submit applications for new distributors to Insight Maintain a strong background with electronic
commerce, spend management and technology initiatives.

© Understand the negotiating interests of both Insight and the client.

01/2006 to 01/2009
Banking Sales Representative Company Name ¥% City , State

CRE Wilke cebtre Rol eacone ces RCUN MoI bLom ener ce

PQ eine endo Lon eiaticatarl Lig ercin on occe ieee eet cH Mn LOO kOrtt cy
Schwab Bank.

Partnered with Financial Consultants at multiple branch locations to drive business growth and capitalize on new revenue for the bank.
Impkerented a variety of new business development client acquisition programs that significantly.

Promoted from field representative/banking credit specialist to banking sales representative.

Purcb rl Nbemh Kaito Sis Cas oro es ececs niga eco Wmrremesnmrsr cial tim

01/2005 to 01/2006
Senior Account Executive Company Name i City , State

CEP colcn coor bE Rents UP Kees ie Sncut ites

Executed several responsibilities; including reviewing loan submissions, collaborating with appraisers and the processing team to insure a
seamless experience for the client.

Functioned as a Joan consultant to help problermtic clients with refinances and purchases.

Bo aeRO Ben Ret CRC on MO on Um nme Roe) eee ia oer] ce eT ote TS bocce

Solely handied an extensive amount of paper work to insure proper guidelines are met for underwriting.

Worked with all federal and state programs including FHA/VA loans, independent grants, and federal housing grants.

Systermatically underwrote fill loan packages including comprehensive reviews.

Awarded 10 million high flyers club award.

01/2002 to 01/2005
Moron molsnom Gon sca Nea A OS mm

Effectively managed a sakes territory by identifying competitive market opportunities and buikling strategic relationship with CTX partners.
Colkborated with internal teams and utilized accurate and timely quarterly forecasts to guarantee the proper execution of the sales process.
Underwrote full loan packages and conducted appraisals with vendors to ensure appropriate value and property type.

Served as an outside sales representative that performed door-to-door selling with mortgage brokers to secure new Joan packages.

SoHo has kine Rucam HONE Nm cen neeucelnine kro

Worked ina faced paced environment with minimal supervision.

Had to adapt to constant change in sales targets and goals.

Serviced a range of companies from small businesses to large corporations.

Earmed numerous sakes promotions for surpassing monthly and yearly sales goals.

Championed the president's roundtable from 2002 to 2003.

Education

Bachelor's Degree : Sociology Sociology and Psychology Eastem New Mexico University Sociology Sociology and Psychology
S Ave K, Portales, NM 88130

Bhilai)
