INSIDE SALES REPRESENTATIVE

schivor anes

Company Name March 2012 to Current Inside Sales Representative
lena El CG

* Currently selling the suite of OpenTable products to an assigned territory with a concentration in Chicago, Minneapolis, and Milwaukee.

© Utilize a consultative approach to communicate the features and benefits of OpenTable products and services.

© Effectively meet sales results by various means such as cokl-calling, presenting at company sponsored seminars, following up on company
provided leads, meeting in person with restaurant owners, and networking with field representatives along with everaging customer service
into upselling opportunities.

Solid understanding of OpenTable Electronic Reservation Book and its competitive advantages.

Met or exceeded monthly, quarterly, and yearly quota for calendar year 2012(125%), 2013(108%) and 2015(100%).

Proficient understanding of salesforce.com CRM application and pipeline management.

Promoted to Saks Representative from Sales Coordinator within first 6 months of employment.

Company Name August 2009 to February 2012 Asset Manager
lena El CG

Managed a $5S0M portfolio of real estate properties.

Represented investors, developers and business owners in leasing residential and commercial space.

Increased company profile with existing client base while networking extensively to forge new alliances to provide multi-faceted real estate
Roa ee

Financial reporting and owner summnries for 700 units of mixed multifamily and commercial properties.

Developed and negotiated specific project plans for new builds and remodekb.

Weekly property evaluations including special project coordination.

Managed and trained a team of 6 sales, maintenance, and housekeeping personnel.

Organized, hosted and led company sponsored events.

Company Name February 2008 to May 2009 Property Manager
lena El CG

¢ Represented preferred developers and multi-unit operators including The University of Canterbury, New Zealand.
© Directed and managed a portfolio of 100+ units of university housing,

* Residential ease negotiations.

¢ Rent collection and financial reporting to operators.

© Updated new and expired documentation as needed.

Company Name August 2005 to February 2008 Business Banking Specialist
lena El CG

* Responsible for managing and retaining existing relationships and generating new business in the Business Banking market segment.

© Cross-solki bank products, executed strategies with calls and site visits; provided needs assessment, custorrer qualification and meeting
follow-up to maintain, enhance and expand customer relationships.

* Serviced the credit and non-credit financial needs of existing clients.

© Personally interviewed applicants, and closed various types of SBA loans.

© Managed all aspects of location and cultivation of new deposits and loans.

« Analyzed call logs and sales numbers in compliance with targeted sales quotas.

brairestbeny

Colorado State University May 2014 BA : Business Administration Management City , State Business Administration Management

als

approach, Banking, benefits, Book, cold-calling, competitive, credit, client, clients, customer service, documentation, features, financial, Financial

reporting, managing, market, needs assessment, negotiations, networking, personnel, presenting, project coordination, project plans, real estate,

selling, Sales, salesforce.com CRM, seminars
