CUSTOMER SERVICE REP 1 LEAD QUALITY ASSURANCE COACH ACCOUNT RELATIONSHIP SPECIALIST ONLINE

SEF OIG]

Summary

Tama career oriented individual who wishes to firther my knowledge of my company, position, any cross training possibilities, and training to
progress in the company. I ama hard working ethical leader that leads by example and is never affaid to ask for charity if do not fully understand
Pel ee MP irate necro econeieinentntoandesulonctineb ella utriceiumcs ene eRe vaca cam inane
initiatives. Talented Sales Associate with successfill career history of closing sakes, increasing customer satisfaction and mentoring junior sales
professionak. Skilled Sales Associate with 5-year track record of success. Maintain professional and calm demeanor under pressure. Thrive in
high volume environments where knowledge, composure and interpersonal abilities are keys to success.

Accomplishments

T was acknowledged after the first 6 months by the Board of Directors as a Pillar of Success for the company in Account Retention and New
Account Acquisition. During the first 6 months I was shown to compile 50.4% of the work load for the Outbound team of 5 members.

schivor anes

Customer Service Rep 1 Lead, Quality Assurance Coach, Account Relationship Specialist, Online Banking Rep II

APU ROOT ona Gunung

© I started out as a Customer Service Rep 3 and worked my way to a rep 2, and thena Rep 1 before we changed the Rep systemto a 1234.
CMAN voce nea nce Were ieeRS en amet cen ecaiteCe em aae bid es] a ecccMintcluL Oe LS ARt SU eMUY MICH MILE e I @ Ladle ota
Online banking issues, Western Unions, ETC.

I went to a position in QCD for approxintely 3 months.

Where we revamped QA and tumed it into QCD Quality Coaching and Development.

We each had our own tears that were made of multiple Supervisors and their employees.

Reviewed calls for performance and compliance to procedures.

Met with each person on my team monthly and reviewed and coached the agents on calls and met with each Supervisor on each of their
employees.

After a short leave of absence I came back and started as a rep 3 and moved to a rep 4 and then to a Lead position.

Where I had to answer Lead and Supervisor calls, as well as manage the floor for my Supervisor.

I then moved to the Outbound team where I was there in the beginning of the team development.

This was a Pilot program that exceeded the expectations and was opened as a division after the first 3 months instead of the 6 month
allocated for development.

We started the division and created the procedures, as we went along,

* This was a Saks position in which we contacted customers with new accounts to ensure they are welcomed to the family, as well as to fulfill
diene uralgiialbeal pronecn

After the first 6 months I was acknowledged by the Board of Directors as a Pillar of Success for the company in Account Retention and
New Account Acquisition.

During the first 6 months I was shown to compile 50.4% of the work load for the Outbound team of 5 members.

I continued to Lead the team in sales for the first implementation of new hires and stayed a top performer until I left the department.

I then went to the Online Teamas a Rep II.

Cenc ge CHE IMa ceo nem em ik Oi iiaLon

I monitor the floor to maintain order and answer any questions if am the designated Rep II for the day.

Run credit cards for account finding, assist in account openings ifneeded, commumicate effectively with the agents on the floor and any
other interdepartrrental interactions, review and log all mailings outgoing, send account deniak, review and log the incoming documents,
assist with tasks should they get behind, handle and log Supervisor chats, assist occasionally in training of employees.

Phe ccB inert CUO saw em neennme sass iceland ace

Front Desk/ Fitness Advisor/ General Manager/ Operations Manager/ Regional Saks Manager
January 2007 to June 2010 Company Name

nn Boro era aac ma RUMP V/ Um emi bes Nate a

T was then moved to a Fitness Advisor which is front line sales,

I worked this job for approximately 2 months before I was promoted to Sales Manager.

After weekly Sales meeting in which I provided the agenda for approximately 3 months.

I was then moved to another club and asked to work managing them both.

Working between 60 and 80 hours a week.

I worked corporate deals with Armed Forces Bank (my current employer), KU for student gymaccess, Anned Forces Insurance, USD
453, USD 207, Douglas County Municipality, Leavenworth Municipality.

Assisted in training Sales, and Operational Staff

CO etki redke omc lc Hios aleMAChinumee Ruane merce tile

Worked in the Circle of Influence to maintain corporate partnerships, and well as networking for new corporate partnerships in the
oolen nnn

Higdon e aber ed ee Uneuoelh es aioe medica Lecabs ira mccan neti ks) eck es thom

Consistently exceeded monthly sales quotas by more than 25% by pursuing leads and expanding the prospect list.

connec eae sien Payee LoCUnNNCRLG Minories Ualecona ret am nekoecR Sr mR ye ee veMoB benim
(8 elerhul cans nc te imeinemei a seat cereeelnice

Acquired $7.86 million in sales revenue in 36 months.

Meteor CORRE lle Locks renicniom Some Roti ee cree
