BANKING RELATIONSHIP SPECIALIST

Summry

ashe Orem ea ese AVM A Ite dd mcr udooss om osteo R@lcOncacioayee Canccannltie
motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Strong organizational skills, Customer service expert, Active
listening skills, Adaptive team player, Courteous demeanor, also seasoned in conflict resolution with an energetic work attitude.

Shennan

© Creative probkmsolver © Excellent communication skills

Ce rR) © Friendly

Ce) C@unar.y e Approachable

Ce alll) © Exceptional customer service
Accomplishments

Consistently achieved a 100 % teller balancing average, as well as
balanced daily cash drawers and vaults totaling an average of S 900,000 .
Experience

Banking Relationship Specialist Jul 2005 to Sep 2011

Ceo HINA Nb OL NMHC

© Customer Assistance Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently competed all assigned tasks, working overtime as
needed.

Customer Service Customer Service Inbound Call Center Transfer calls to appropriate department when necessary Researched, calmed
and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

Computed Data Reports Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
Customer Interface Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.

Opened and closed personal and business checking, saving, and cd accounts, processed safe deposit box transactions, created cashier
checks, entered customer data into chex systerrs, processed fed ex shipments, filing, answering phones, sending faxes, responsible for
making executive decisions regarding new customer relationships.

Conpketed daily incoming and outgoing banking reports.

Merchant Teller Dec 2004 to Jul 2005
Company Name 1% City , State

Ce eecu eC IS OS PARC O RMS ORM EM Cee Rn Lenikeel ecm icicle etc
© Responsible for balancing accurately on a daily basis.
e Assisted Operations Manager with teller line, answered phones, filing, and all other duties associated with the position of'a Merchant Teller.

Teller Jun 2004 to Dec 2004
Ceo HAN be YO NMR!

© Cashed checks for new and existing customers, processed incoming daily reports, completed muil deposits in dual control.
Processed cashiers checks and money orders, processed credit card payments, and all other responsibilities associated with the position of
a Telkr.

SaiPes bony

Associate of Science , Inter Social Behavioral Sciences 2016 Los Angeks Southwest College 1% City , State , United States

I owe ee Roarli tesla up ansayeentiney

Skils

Inand outbound call center, A Excelent custorrer service assistance, Fax, Filing, Answering phones, Type 50 wpm, Microsoft word and excel.
