CAREER SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE MEMBER / DIRECTOR FINANCE, SYSTEMS AND BUDGET GROUP

boot vom ey

CS Seca en aicouou CR occonhD aU Kaar haan een son road em cliRcnene Rnb namentosnoe cram eae isi
to ead and mentor large and diverse tearrs; build and rmintain relationships that transcend corporate, cultural, and geographic boundaries; and
improve systems and processes to increase productivity, profitability, and customer satisfaction. Excels in driving positive change and managing in
ambiguous and transitional environments. P&L Policy Development Change Management Strategic Planning Process Reengineering Profit Building
Negotiations Restructuring Startup & Transitional Environments People & Project Management

Skill Highlights
¢ Leadership/communication skills : 8 eee
¢ Project management as err nennnnin
Se Seu eect a tes tic Se ra
PEO onenenotusnseszennend Parte reenannn na
LO cP coer a icieraiiy
Cow eC a
Fer) oa CRU OL a
OTOL COSC L ee
RY ao rae

= Launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff
= Mentored and coached employees resulting ina 12% increase in productivity.
= Managed [operation] .
= Handled all finctions related to [programy] .
© Initiated [project] which resulted in [positive outcome] .

Human Resources:
© Spearheaded new [program] program which increased retention.
¢ Initiated [project] which resulted in [positive outcome] .
FB AN kaon
© Spearheaded new [progran]] program which increased retention,
Urethral onmor anes

Company Name City , State CAREER SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE MEMBER / DIRECTOR FINANCE, SYSTEMS AND BUDGET
GROUP 01/2004 to 01/2012

°

Federal agency responsible for Medicare, Medicaid, the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP), and health insurance

portability standards Oversee financial and information technology operations for Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance

Program (SCHIP).

Pole ym ECnsomele Luce cmane reece ar cneicomocsealcpirrad Mina nanekoceieltbscrem tlre e

Siete AU o clean Om cel ERO uoricord OU NO) Lemke roma crrek ceec Elune om

Lee pu Eig ecm eogn Rend ala conmeandicni benz esentieeuneoeccrexe tt ate Carlene Ted
SCHIP grant awards.

¢ Lead system enhancements, application development, and quality improvement activities; review and certify State Medicaid Management

Informtion Systems (MMIS).

eT Lic Boa nay ueLoh ee Daree one wu eA ne Rea ia bec lteT a Ny asec aan

DA eles vaNa Mn ROla toon emule guceelund und camera ules bite anrrenen ac irerale cleat

Data Interchange Standards,

Provide technical guidance for Medicaid Statistical Information and Federal Upper Limits systems; coordinate Medicaid fraud and abuse

peste ice

USE meser idm ako my UIE ne Ruog eile eens ona em KLO Ml ee Ceara feces Benes c tne

Supervise up to 125 employees.

© Enabled seniors to receive prescription drug benefits for the first time by implementing services mandated by the 2003 Medicare

I eecSee eee uea eccoieneneByneaniahen vee VV EN

Led muttiple initiatives to improve fiscal responsibility, includmg: MMA Phase-down State Contribution (the basis for $8 billion in annual

state Part D payments), in which states retum finds to the federal government for citizens with dual elighbility for Medicaid and Medicare.

© The addition of 100 auditors n 10 regional offices to educate states employees about Medicaid policies and monitor related spending,

Automation of the Medicaid drug rebate programas part of the 2005 Deficit Reduction Act (DRA), facilitating rebate calculations for states

Bree Bipelea nei Recast aCe eica ne

Seo Tscclo Enea c ae Onion calle ce me C Ota MALI e Mn aEere ombestinane ad CNT ANe

which paves the way for the use of electronic health records throughout the nation's health care system

Developrrent ofan IT strategy designed to standardize the technical environment and educate Medicaid Directors and state CIOs/CTOs

about enterprise architecture.

a

e
