MANAGER, ADVISORY, PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT

[Osheue Oona ang

Experienced Solution Architect and System z Mainframe Technology Evangelist with over 12 years of IT industry experience focusing on large
Banking & Financial Services and Government clients across ASEAN region. Proven record of constantly delivering high performance and result
oriented professional with exceptional management and consultative selling skills. Demonstrated ability to work independently or as a team player
Rik cine ics nceea ce

Fast Leamer 4€ Good Analytical - Innovative - Goal-Oriented - Flexible

Recent Accomplishments

Over-achieving the ASEAN sales goals for IBM software every year by closing high values deals e.g. Core system modernization,
integrations and new workload for banking and government clients and awarded the IBM Hundred Percent Achievement Club.

Awarded the Saks Eminence Award for being the top high performer by demonstrating technical leadership in delivering new and compkx
high quality solution to clients in response to varying business requirements to many large customers in ASEAN resulting in various high
value deals closure and growing IBM solution footprint in ASEAN.

SSM PSU Maer lun Ce mNcTB On ISSA

« Awarded the Outstanding Technical Achieverrent Award for outstanding competitive wins with IBM solution including competitive takeout
in various accounts ASEAN,

Achieved the IBM Certified IT Specialist certification in 2012.

Able to build long term client relationship and became trusted adviser to clients and has engaged with IT and C-level keaders to influence
clients to adopt IBM solutions leading to improved and successful client in meeting business needs. Successfil projects including new Core
system modemization and integration, replacement and revamp in addition to various banking and government new business initiatives.

Aug oanan at acs
10/2014 to Current
Manager, Advisory, Performance Improvement Company Name i City , State

GST impkerentation project in RHB Group in Malaysia

USe20 Som OC
Client Solution Architect, IBM Software Group, ASEAN Company Name 4 City , State

Focus on driving new solutionworkload in key account for sales closure by working with clients to understand their business requirements and
propose IT solutions to address themas well as oversee the delivery of the proposed solution. Provides overall technical responsibilities for the
success of the solution design and construction specializing in enterprise modemization and integration of legacy systems and middleware solutions
lke ESB, BPM, Cloud Computing and Mobility for Financial Services and Government customers across the ASEAN region. Proven record of
closing high value deals in large accounts with consistent year-to-year revenue growth for IBM Software.

Experience in working with clients to rum presentations/demos/POCs and workshops including performance assessment, system healthcheck,
integration architecture workshops by analyzing and developing standards/recommendations and architectural governance and best practices for
customers to improve their core system availability and optimization for cost savings resulting in many large deals closure.

Specialties: SOA, Enterprise Application Integration (EAD, BPM, Cloud, Mobility, WebSphere, Rational Enterprise Modernization, DevOps,
Core Banking, Capacity Planning and System z upgrade, System z (Mainframe) OS - 2/OS, Linux, CICS and Solutions Architecture

USPAUUr Con Ur P2010)
Core Banking Consultant Company Name 1'4 City , State

Provided technical keadership on Core Banking business processes and requirement for success of the development, maintenance and
impkeentation of ICBA for banking customers. ICBA is a full fledged web-based core banking systems utilizing open systems technologies like
J2E and Oracke and IBM solutions.

Designed enhancement and prepared fictional requirements specification and ensured solution delivery based on banking systems’ best practices
and provide support to banking customers in area of Deposit/ Trade Finance/ Treasury/ Remittances/ GL moduks of ICBA
