MANAGING PRINCIPAL
[ehtcas weet

CRB oMiCcC Mo cae comnercc elec ne eulB UR icing und bine kinlon mucus conerarexarslimzeselyiataet
companies identify, develop, and implement strategic growth initiatives in emerging markets that: }) deliver top-line revenue growth, il) create
significant competitive advantage and iil) increase long-term profitability.

¢ Proactive assistance to clients 4€“ in the oil and gas, power, mining, retail, utilities, real estate, critical mffastructure, diversified industrials,
and food and beverage industries AE“ to meet their business objectives, manage local interest expectations, and establish best practices on
how they can ethically contribute to sustainable development of the communities in which they operate.

¢ Expertise navigating high-growth emerging markets in Affica, Latin America, and the Middle East.

Nitirertingees) alls
CRS lou honcho tte Me De rUTITe Tera
Cie wielcasisisteancig © Domestic and international experience
¢ Procurement agent ¢ Infrastructure and real assets advisory
Rekevant Professional Experience
Company Name June 2009 to Current Managing Principal
CORSA

Designed bid defense strategy for international consortium on its license pre-qualification and tender submission for 4,456km2 deep-sea
offshore oil and gas blocks in Equatorial Guinea.

Significantly decreased transaction costs US$25 million by devising a winning bid that proposed a dualtrack exit to support an intemational
sovereign and private equity consortium on its acquisition ofa leading U.S. LNG transporter.

Reduced due diligence timeline 15% by effectively spearheading successfull cross-cultural negotiations with a keading Chinese equipment
omeuol kegel ee ume nce Puclleoopaumeuncekel catenin Oko tmnc mm eniealcce irene Okie ie
Tektites hoon

Eliminated an average 50% concessionary renegotiation rate and boosted project bankability by leveraging sophisticated financial expertise,
deep knowkdge of associated egal documents and key contract terms according to international project finance standards for a US$113
million 1,200+ mixed-income housing PPP project in Nigeria.

Prune d meio nana we Lat iLoeie Okcca enlace Meee Me ni BOP emma oom tien iala tog
faster time to market, operational setup and procurement of its business and generator licenses.

Poo Coun CONE es Tea Cnasbelosonnnomect ance ee Ulan suena Ome Cot E
(Ontceynars Oe) ete) 2

© Structured and managed a South Korean conglomrcrate's bid for the provision of services in the Jeddah Metro Transportation Plan.

Company Name April 2007 to May 2009 Senior Associate, Corporate & Investment Banking,
OAS

¢ Performed every aspect of transaction analysis and execution, from day- to-day management of corporate finance transactions to closing
ORES e domed held PROS Mme leur hogeruer chess PRA Nescli Onl Pwtnc me esti Orel)
and Clayton Dubilier & Rice.

¢ Built complex ad-hoc model demonstrating timeline of contractual backlog and revenue visibility to support the US$99 million private equity
buyout of CyrusOne by ABRY Partners. Identified and shared potential tuck-in acquisitions with ABRY Partners that bolstered exit to
Cincinnati Bell in excess of 3.3x Net ROIC.

© Negotiated with clients and investors key transaction terms and associated legal documents, including commitment papers, bridge loan
papers, termsheets, and credit agreements.

PEM ichcsa too noL com Aue ene a Gel Dereon Arms Cone e elm ecu s Rm genes nor cm wire stot)
Control Services, RailAmerica, Selig Sealing Products and TravelCLICK.

Company Name April 2005 to April 2007 Associate, Corporate & Investment Banking
Lean

© Mastered a very sharp leaming curve in SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's Investment Banking and Credit Training Leadership Program.

© Successfillly cross-sokd US$500 million of ancillary products including asset securitization, private placements, FX, interest rate derivatives,
Sorel CM alande Ke ietlecneRinecKiN Acc tce

© Transactional experience: Bacardi, B/E Aerospace, CSX Corp., Duke Energy, FPL, Harris Corp., HEICO, Interline Brands, Jabil Circuit,
Lockheed Martin, Ring Power Comp., Ryder, TECO Energy, Vulcan Materials Company (Florida Rock), Walter Energy, and Watsco.

bBlesth oy

New York University 2014 Coursework : Project and Infrastructure Finance City , State , U.S.A.

New York University 2013 Coursework : Real Estate Finance and Development, Construction Cost Estimating City , State , U.S.A.
Seales Re Lou PEW Seee on lbeck Oh mes ome ORC.w

University of Florida 2005 Bachelor of Arts : Finance City, State, U.S.A.

Skills

Ce 0 ee ee Oh ee ere etme ee eM fee. ro
