ag

Career Focus

To lead the executive management of'a financial institution's lending team. To align our Jending objectives so we compliment other departmental
efforts and achieve the organization's highest goal. By uniting culture, teamwork, training, technology, policy, and support, we will uphold tradition,
minimize risk, and provide best-in-class service while offering products which satisfy the ever-changing wants and needs of our retail and business
Drancane

Accomplishments

© CERTIFICATIONS:.

Professional Experience
01/2014 to Current

¢ Supervisor Consumer Loans; IAA Credit Union.
© 215MM asset credit union).

01/2011 to 01/2014
a3

¢ Srmll Business Banking, Busey Bank.
¢ 3.9B asset bank).

01/2003 to 01/2011
AVP- Business Banking Company Narre 1% City , State

Sold clients personal deposit accounts, credit cards, home equities, mutual funds, life insurance, fixed annuities, consumer loans.

year atmo ca ea Raters rd oamictice nna one esta ORC Sacer Cont Creek cet
ete

Led Chase Bank by achieving the prominent recognition of being one of the top 350 consumer loan producing bankers in the nation.

Trained, coached, implemented, and initiated incentives which helped grow the mortgage production level from <$8mm r=""to2""

overs"">

° Worked alongside area and regional managers in the development and implementation of incentive models that assimilate mortgage and
Poey Penrose rennet

° HER Rocce n ea Mea OER oR etn aaeRereeNCr ERROR CeCe a Cea Cnet CMe rit
ito rer eis auc

V_ Sold and underwrote Fannie Mac, Froddic Mac, FIIA, VA and RHA mortgage loans,
V__ Built recommendations and provided small businesses with cash flow moddling and treasury solutions.

V__ Creatal new communication paths across division lines which integrated retail, mortgage, and smull business. This was the first time this had been done in our division.
He Sd ul See ecu e Bein ou ome ti cs pomeloig btu ae ise cro cen pen tual tg

MME ro BY S Rot ea sureties tulcer penta sR Ysa S NE Eth
V_ Underwrote and funded many small business loans.

+» Aggressively prospected and fostered new business relationships. Focus was on small businesses from $250k sole proprietors to
$20MM C-corporations.

01/2003 to 01/2011

AVP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

2.35T asset bank) Aggressively prospected and fostered new business relationships.

Tee RCo Es ders Cee eh Y a) aces OME CONT OR YA NY g@xuey rel ecm

Underwrote and fimded many small business loans.

Managed an annual $260k+, net revenue producing portfolio- approximately S22MM in size.

Created new communication paths across division lines which integrated retail, mortgage, and small business.

MONROE set rren noe aden Keenm ena hic oem

Its successfill effort brought much needed trust between banking segments, created deeper client relationships, and aligned corporate goals.
Built recommendations and provided smmll businesses with cash flow modeling and treasury solutions.

Sold and underwrote Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, VA and RHA mortgage loans,

Built and executed new customer service initiatives which helped us achieve a #12 ranking in the country for client retention among mortgage
iicaen

PA Onn nlicm nu ebnustas cen noneiebr sl anencllemereaniemrecocmiaenccin cheered
retail bankers to one another.

rr
