MARKETING AND CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS MERCHANT SERVICES TRANSITION COMMUNICATIONS PROJECT
MANAGER
Ss
A results-oriented professional who cultivates strong and effective working relationships with internal and extemal partners to establish and achieve
mutual communications objectives for advancement of company's business strategy.
Highlights

* Advanced Microsoft Office including Visio, MS Project, PowerPoint and Adobe Creative Suite

© SharePoint, Citrix, Live Meeting and WebEx Expertise

OP ehcieosBurleuaicleslcatanastnem ii sLarranci ley

* Written, Verbal and Interpersonal Skills

© Vendor and Relationship Management Expertise

Cutlets ene Mocntleeshoaeat ae

© OnTine Goal Achievements of 95% Proficiency Rate
schivor anes
Marketing and Corporate Communications/Merchant Services Transition - Communications Project Manager - Contractor 05/2012 to Current
Company Name City , State

Manage, write, and edit external client communications and content to meet transactional needs of multiple business merchants.

Ako manage project risk through comprehensive mitigation assessment and planning techniques.

Initiate, define and manage marketing campaigns across business channels for direct mail programs within a matrixed enviroment.

Actively manage the work efforts of multiple finctional resources through the project plan.

Strong partner relationship management, influencing, collaboration, and negotiating with senior business managers to gain commitment and

accomplish shared goak.

© Lead matrix process for cross-fimctional teams to develop and execute client communications for various groups of merchants as part of

Bank of America Merchant Services joint venture with First Data for merchants transitioning to preferred processing phtforms.

Engage and collaborate with key stakeholders on higl+ profile projects for distribution of printed and digital marketing collateral requests.

Develop documentation; monitor and report project status; assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of documentation.

Initiate and maintain reporting relationships with project stakeholders including team members, peers, managers, customers, vendors, and

Winer linaet Reo urarce Oren lia ccalemeeucce nit) aici ecinicn Rab ckeo ible iccuiLe aielaliacanereeg cece ce

gathers input and feedback.

Effectively assists in directing both internal and external resources to achieve business solutions within project guidelines.

Collaborate and commumicate with other project managers and kaders to coordinate cross-project initiatives and activities.

Ability to handle multiple priorities and work well under pressure with multiple deadlines.

Engage and collaborate with key stakeholders on higl+ profile projects for distribution of printed and digital marketing collateral requests.

Prioritize and performa variety of concurrent tasks with minimal direction.

Review and edit nnil data files for creative production Manage vendor relationships simultaneously meeting campaign execution deadlines

with ability to adapt to unexpected requests.

Strong time management skills and sense of timeliness in meeting commitrents.

Maintain accurate status reports/summaries and regularly communicate status to kadership, business partners, and other key stakehoklers

OER eo dm encion

Wate acl CRIME Sele Lece maces

Understand proficiency of customer's tactical goals to effectively participate in the development and implementation of business solutions to

manage project risk through comprehensive assessment and planning techniques.

© Manage work efforts through the project plan for basic scope control procedures utilizing multiple fimctional resources documenting and
monitoring project status to assess effectiveness and accuracy of campaign.

¢ Analyze and report project status and research information; monitor project performance to maintain the quality of services, deliverables,
Pianasnicn a

* Timely response to operational issues and RFI's within defined area to identify and eliminate obstacles to solution plans, business goals or

Finn yenrennitees

Develop contingency plans to meet compliance requirements with company practices.

Engage all internal stakehoKers to ensure communications are relevant, timely and delivered at desired intervals.

Responsible for campaign design and production and distribution.

Project planning, scheduling, tracking and reporting.

Proven project management skills with ability to execute and drive stakeholder agreement.

Spreadsheet, database and relevant project management experience.

Proficient multi-tasker, with the the ability to manage multiple initiatives concurrently.

Write and manage "standard content" used for client communications.

Strong detail orientation and problem solving skills with effective planning, time management and organization skills.

Ad-hoc project and reporting on an on going basis.

Project Manager 01/2007 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

* Institutional Client Services, Marketing Project management for product impkerentations, asset consolidations and email campaign project
free heim
