SR. MORTGAGE BANKING EXECUTIVE
Executive Profile

Highly qualified and accomplished financial professional offering 10 years of experience in keadership and direction in the financial services and
financial products industries. Robust background with loan Funding, servicing, asset management, and loss mitigation strategies. Excel in
professional staff training, development, mentoring, and production. Goal focused Mortgage Executive with commitment to bottomline success
through effective sales development, brand awareness, and client satisfaction.

Professional Experience
Sr. Mortgage Banking Executive Jan 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

* Identified prospects and solicited business referral, by contacting realtors, attorneys and financial professionals in an assigned territory.
© Drove company expansion ftom 12-member mortgage brokerage with one office, to three and established new branch in Las Vegas, NV.
© Led tearrs to excel in highstakes enviroment while encouraging professional development and independent decision making,

© Obtained and maintained information about available loan products, processing procedures, underwriting guidelines and general
departmental directives.

Assisted with colkection of loanapplication related documents and delivery of loan package, on a timely basis.

Promoted from Sr.

Loan Officer to Executive Team Leader within six months of employment.

Awarded most revenue per loan award averaging over $6, 00.00 in Net Revenue per fimded Joan.

Awarded highest average loan amount for 201 $ Averaged 10 findings per month and responsible for over $600,000 in Revenue to the
company for 201.

© Created and Launched The Fraiman Group inside of Global Equity Finance along with effective marketing for my team

Sr. Mortgage Banker & Financial Advisor Dec 2011 to Jan 2013
Company Name 14 State

¢ Designed financial plans for over 100 high net-worth individuals and business owners including mortgages, insurance, retirement.

© Managed a team often Senior Loan Consultants forging new client relationships and servicing existing ones while maintaining large client
kom

¢ 25 million in new loan production, 84 total new loans in 2012, 50% increase from 2011.

CEE Gere iceb ob urate nna can stam he MnO beacoes eb eclibeecrat een omanlicel cli’

Sr. Investment Advisor Jan 2007 to Dec 2011
Company Name i City , State

* Demonstrated record ofsuccess in Capital Raising via Private Placement for Preferred and Common stock offering to accredited investors
fice ea meen ele seee Um

© Successfillly introduced over $3,000,000 million dollars in one year for an early stage startup company for acquisition purposes, as well as
opened two satellite offices m Texas and Ohio.

¢ Responsible for managing over $20,000,000 million in AUM and the succession of several RIA finvs throughout the United States under
our platformas well as Fixed Income Investments.

Financial Advisor Jan 2007 to Jan 2008
Company Name

* Responsible for helping individuals and business owners design and implement an appropriate investment strategy based on their specific
personal financial goals and circumstances.

© Rendered exceptionally high quality service to clients in the area of estate planning for high net worth individuals using appropriate life
insurance policies.

© Impkmented many of my own insurance and securities marketing campaigns.

© Responsible for establishing new client accounts.

¢ Analyzing client's current and future financial needs.

brairestbeny

itd CO PCED ACIP Rac MANIC RO Corsih ge accel Ce LO NMS uis RiCarl Uc)

High Schoo! Diplomm 1998 Homer High School 1% City , State

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

Member, Mortgage Bankers Association Member, National Association of Mortgage Brokers (NAMB) Merrber MBA's National Technology in
Mortgage Banking Conference Member of University of Massachusetts Alumni Association,

Additional Information

¢ ACCOMPLISHMENTS Promnted from Sr. Loan Officer to Executive Team Leader within six months of employment. Awarded most
revenue per loan averaging over $6,300 in revenue per fimded loan. President's Club Achievement.

© CERTIFICATIONS NMLS ID: 528972 California - DOC Mortgage Loan Originator License Minnesota Mortgage Loan Originator
License Nevada Mortgage Loan Originator License New Mexico Mortgage Loan Originator License Oregon Mortgage Loan Originator
