MORTGAGE GROUP OPERATIONS MANAGER, BANKING OFFICER
Summary

Selfmotivated banking professional offering strong communication and quick thinking skills. Works effectively on teams, as well as independently,
in fast-paced environments.

BS ania}
PMB AEOibeme ie and
¢ Risk management evaluation background
© Excellent communication skills

© Organized

schivor anes
08/2014 to Current
Mortgage Group Operations Manager, Banking Officer Company Nam - City , State

Cae alse) a
© Strong sense of banking ethics
© Strong compliance and operational background

Monitor and approve pricing deviations in accordance with BB&T policy

Monitor pipelines to ensure compliance and timely action for clients by Mortgage Loan Officers (MLOs).

Monitor prequalification pipelines to ensure timely and appropriate actions by MLOs

Actas a liaison between MLOs and the Regional Production Support Teams (RPSTs), Appraisal unit and Construction Permanent (CP)
unit. Communicate and escalate loan issues, as needed

Develop, coach and guide staff for continued 4€cegrass roots€ level execution of assigned operational components of retail mortgage
ovelited

Integrate staffinto new processes and systems as well as deepen relationships with production associates so that issues can be identified
early, reported quickly and solutions offered

* Coordinate 4€ccrush files’€ and process prioritization with the RPST

Become thoroughly familiar with UniFi and assist MLOs and administrative staff with issues as they arise. Commumicate and escalate issues,
as needed

Support MMMs and Group Mortgage Managers (GMMs) in researching client comphints in accordance with BB&T process and policy
Be aware of regulatory and operational issues and upcoming changes. Communicate and escalate issues, as needed.

Coordinate Small Business and Mortgage Cross Sell (SAM) scheduling for regional personnel.

Follow-up with associates on delinquent training as required by Leaming Center

Conduct knowledge sessions and coordinate implementation of new products, product changes and updates.

Asrange for proper HS on boarding, training, equipment and administrative processing of new hires.

UU RR ORNP0 Cs
Home Mortgage Direct Mortgage Loan Counselor Company Name - City , State

Provide mortgage clients sound mortgage advice based on a full understanding of client needs as well as BB&T Mortgage products and
finda an she)

* Execute consistently on BB&T's referral process (IRM) by introducing mortgage clients to other bank services for cross sell opportunities
Assist Mortgage Loan Administration with client, attomey, or appraiser docurent follow-up as determined through quality control or post
[oe ar cand

Execute effective mortgage client development plans to meet or exceed agreed upon mortgage production goals (including continuous
sales/phone sales training)

Maintain a complete and thorough knowledge of BB&T Mortgage Strategies, Policies and Procedures, as well as secondary market
investor's guidelines utilized by the bank

Adhere to and comply filly with any and all BB&T policies and procedures related to intemal and external rules and regulations, particularly
those established by State and Federal hw

01/2011 to 08/2013
Credit Analyst 1 (BBRC) Company Nam - City , State

© Responsible for spreading financial statements and tax returns according to GAAP and intemal credit policies.
© Analyzing diverse credit information for BBRC channel loans.

© Providing financial analysis of several types of business entities to assist underwriters with credit decision.

* Proficient knowledge of Hogan, AFS, Blast, Credit Fulfillment, Moody's, PFA and, SeeMore Plus.

PAO Rr Li ez07 6 |
Commercial Loan Documentation Specialist Company Name - City , State

© Loan administration duties include the review and preparation for assigned Joan portfolio.

* Loan documentation business customers (secured and unsecured) Provides support to Regional Business Banking Customers (Revenues
$2-$20 million)

© Review credit approvals, verify documentation and comply with credit/bank policies Maintain customer care line to prepare assistance for
bores yrs] BLESS Lecce Saltaire
