QA TEST ANALYST
Profile
Seeking a position as Manual Software Quality Assurance Analyst 4+ years experience as a Quality Assurance Analyst dealing with various levels
of testing such as Functional, Regression, System, User Acceptance, Performance testing and Smoke testing. Experience testing applications
based on different architectural platform such as Client/Server, Web Based and SAAS Industry experience in Finance, Banking, Retail and Health
Care Well Versed with Agile, Agile Scrum, Waterfall, and V-Model methodologies Experience communicating and dealing with different
stakeholders to meet the deliverable Experience with creating Test Plan, developing Test Scenarios and executing Test Cases and logging Defects.
Well Versed in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Defect Management Life Cycle (DMLC).
Experience working with QA teams both offshore and onsite while communicating the client's requirements and expectations to execute the QA
process smoothly on various projects. Abie to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing, using English, Hindi and Urdu. Experience
doing Root cause analysis (RCA) on issues and identified defects to improve Product Quality. Experience in backend database testing by writing
SQL queries to extract data for validation. Developed and maintained appropriate metrics to maintain quality control in the development process.
Quick learner and can easily adapt to different responsibilities and technologies. Team player as well as ability to work independently and a self-
starter. Strong analytical skills, combined with effective communication, organizational skills and planning ability. Able to handle muttiple tasks
STP MiCth ese NEMO EsT LE Ran Ceti ee
Core Qualifications

© Operating Systems: Windows 95/ 98/2000-2007/NT, WIN 7 and XP

© Bug Tracking Tools: Quality Center, JIRA

© Databases: Oracle, SQL Server 2005/2008

© Browsers: Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari

© Test Management Tools: Mercury Interactive Tools (HP): Test Director, Quality Center, ALM

© Mobik Operating Systems: Appk-IOS, Android, Windows

Professional Experience
QA Test Analyst , 09/2014 4 Current Company Name

Kohts is one of the nation’s largest and leading departirent store retail of apparel, accessories and home goods, based in Plano, Texas.

T was working on Inventory Management Application that provides status and tracking on inventory.

The Inventory Managerrent Tools Interact with POS (Point of Sale) System, Vendor Management and Shipment tracking System.

This Tool helps Kohl's to track & monitor the entire Inventory.

My rok as a tester was to test Kohl's Mobile app on different OS Platforms IOS and Android devices.

Responsibilities: Participated in all phases of the developrrent lifecycle that pertain to software quality assurance Reviewed and analyzed
Business Requirement Documents (BRD), Functional Specification Documents (FSD) for completeness and testability to meet acceptance
Conran

Actively participated and work with team to create Test Plan, Test Data and Test Cases document Tracked bug discrepancies by using
"Quality Center’ to store the details of bug discrepancies for enhanced regression testing,

* Continuously worked with the team to improve testing process.

Provided feedback, chrification and training support as necessary to different stakeholders Tested Kohl's apps on different OS Phtforrs
108, Android, Using physical devices like IPad, IPhone, Android, Windows Performed back-end testing using SQL queries to extract data
and validate customers’ Accounts, Points and Rewards history.

Environment: Windows 7, Windows XP, Apple Mac book Pro Software: Quality Center, .Net, SQL Server.

Microsoft Office, XML.

Quality Analyst Assurance , 10/2013 14 07/2014 Company Name i City , State

© Humana is one of the nation's leading diversified health service company, serving members with information and resources to help them
make better informed decisions about their health care and dedicated to helping people improve their health.

Responsibilities: Actively participated in all the phases of the development lifecycle that associate with software quality assurance.

© Analyzed requirement document for completeness and testability to accommodate acceptance criteria.

Performed testing to ensure the quality of products for business and ensure proper operation without defects Ascertained and identified test
data based on pre-determined requirements to mitigate risk.

Write SQL Queries to retrieve data and validate content against XML log fiks.

Prepared Test strategies, Test Scenario and Test Cases and execute Test Cases to cover both Verifying and Validating.

Impkmented Regression Testing methodology for every new build release.

Track the bug by using "Quality Center" and store the details of bug's discrepancies for enhanced regression testing.

Continuously review and improve testing process.

Worked in Agik environment and attended daily scrum meetings to provide daily status updates on project Provided feedback, clarification
and training support as necessary Tested mobile apps on different OS Platforms IOS, Android, using physical devices like Blackberry,
IPad, IPhone, Android Environment: Windows 7, Windows XP, Apple Mac book Pro.

© Software: Quality Center, .Net, SQL Server.

Microsoft Office, XML.

Mamul Tester , 06/2010 11 06/2013 Company Name

* Bank M isa fast growing commamity bank, highly profitable financial hokling company.
¢ The company provides a complete range of banking and other financial services to the customers through its basic business.
