REGIONAL IT MANAGER
Professional Summary

Exceptional IT Manager talented at personnel management, vendor management and business strategy development. Technically-sawvy with
outstanding relationship buikiing, traming and presentation skils.

ET eat oR eH oe SUIS em Oe nna Lela eines

Skills
A © Data management
° Linares ° Sera
¥ rata ting and 1 © Strong verbal communication
i eaia aes SiuOn © Powerful negotiator
Se ci Lo a ee mn
* Staffdeveloprent ¢ Risk managenent processes and analysis
Work History
TO PAOLO Te von

Regional IT Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Acted as project manager for $10nm New York office move and serves on advisory board for all international office moves .

Direct the after-hours (12p.mEDT) delivery of first, second, and third-level technical support end users across 14 office facilities and
Pees Cor omel heliteel ad \ananene mili ie irele cane

Ensure prompt and courteous technical support.

Manage, train and review support staff team members.

Des eet PS ENS Mel leu ncceneh 4M ka CRonn call naire enicl im

Review help desk metrics with A help desk manager to ensure tickets are addressed according to SLA.A

Identify recurring issues to address with global software and applications manager.

Work with cross-fimctional technology committee to create policies that accurately reflect current and future technology trends.

Work with international trainers to oversee local training requests.

Draft and distribute local and after-hours call metrics to the Director of Information Technology.

Purchase and budget all hardware and software for the New York office.

Lead document production (8pp)), local help desk (2pp)), global after-hours help desk (Spp)), local AV/ office services staff (3ppl).
SiH UENCE nee eTe even celaecce peelyestilcal cee

Serves as last point of escalation when manager on duty.

Develop, review, and maintain local infrastructure policies and procedures: Advise on global procedures through technology committee.
Pte oy Lar neck ed Mo nuenelce oer cues etsiseaar cs ccm

Determine metrics, define measurables, and present data to executives on performance of department.

Luise with global team to develop and implement business process improverrent for policies that address security policies relating to GDPR
compliance and local compliance measures.

Designed and implemented a knowledgebase tool for use by IT colleagues and end users in order to accurately diagnose technical issues.
ei aeteu secre Mce Elie ome li eedetnnes wee elee ORO Ulu elroy hee Onw MOMs nce NcEca se ota

Increased first call resolution from 85% to 98% through help desk traming and cross fictional trainng.

Supports Director of Technology with daily operational functions.

Assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during acquisitions,

06/2007 to 09/2011
Technical Support Analyst Company Name a€“ City , State

(leo cM Bee miniccnne etna Cina Ob ainatedrectoiureine Rin ts hom

Maintained and monitored the server room, the wirekess network and other server infrastructure.

Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops.

Partnered with the marketing team to Ieverage technology into customer value propositions to be used during marketing events.
CO relccB rae ewe Michinntatue slit’ 7

Acted as technology lniison between technology department and global recruiting division. A

Tested and implemented new technology-based global projects such as Nuance PDFCreate.

Delivered on-site IT and AV technical support for 300+ staff in local and regjonal offices.

03/2007 to 06/2007
Desktop Support Technician Company Name a€“ City , State

Hands on roll in Domestic and International OS migration from WinXP to Win7. A Worked with engineering and applications staff to
resolve any problets rehted to the upgrade until fictional.

Key responsbility to support all users ftom C-Level firm chainman through contract services by troubleshooting and resolving all problems
relative to the Mac, Macbook, PC and related equipment.

Install Mac and PC OS, configure network settings to integrate with the firm's network, troubkeshoot issues locally to provide support fora
