PURCHASING AGENT
Summary

Experienced buyer with demonstrated organization, customer service, communication, management and relationship-building skills.

Highlights
Ce xentbolccimuns * Outlook
* 10-key By Touch ¢ Problem Resolution
« MS Office © Regultory Compliance
© PowerPoint ¢ Front-Office Operations
Paes onuasiany oc © Report Preparation
© Scheduling Paola cehneg caer) oc}
© New customer acquisition © PhotoShop
¢ Fluent in Spanish © Dependable and reliable
brairestbeny

Bachelor of Arts , Commumication 2001 ST. EDWARD'S UNIVERSITY 1% City , State
Communication

schivor anes
Purchasing Agent Jan 2011 to Current
Company Name i City , State

¢ Source, develop and maintain dynamic supplier relationships in order to obtain competitive pricing for components and raw materials.

Generate requests for proposals, communicate and verify technical specifications to suppliers, analyze supplier responses, negotiate pricing,

payment terms and consignment solutions with suppliers.

Work with Accounting Department to coordinate timely deposits as required by suppliers.

Review and interpret Material Resource Planning (MRP) reports.

Work with Sales, Engineering and Production teams to coordinate purchasing in order to meet critical project deadlines.

Generate purchase orders for fabricated components, raw materials and supplies used in the manufacturing process in accordance with

engineering project requirements, expedite and ensure orders are confirmed ina timely mamer.

Assist Production Manager, Planners and Project Engineers in coordinating and expediting the flow of materials, goods and services into the

manufacturing and assembly process.

Communicate vendor concems and/or issues to upper management in an effort to improve material flow efficiency.

* Provide resolution on the status of any supplier quality or delivery issues to intemal customers.

© Provide feedback to suppliers regarding damages, shortages, defective or umacceptable product with the supplier and take corrective
action,

Banking Center Manager II Jan 2009 to Jan 2011
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Periodically communicate with upper management to review branch performance assessments and update staffon business developrents,
Crotaes Dik sem ed es eCREGUUmeeT Uline

Author professional correspondence to customers and vendors.

Deliver series of presentations for local businesses, providing product information and educating employees on basic financial management.
Conduct sakes and compliance sessions with entire banking center team ona monthly basis.

Manage all aspects of day-to-day operations as manager of retail branch for 15 associates: Ensure the audit/compliance procedures of the
center are followed, while maintaining the highest level of customer service.

Ensuring completion of regulatory compliance and training specific to sales and service responsibilities for myselfand my associates.

© Conduct and approve quarterly and yearly performance evaluations ofassociates, plus developing and monitoring individual quarterly
development plans for all direct reports.

Generating sales leads through community outreach activities and developing business partners, while building internal relationships.

CREW Elruicae i Mnl@cirCenR NCI SEG HC Unee gO RUIO MITT CeemCl MECC tel on

© Supervising and coaching tears on the proper behaviors, sales techniques, service expectations and compliance guidelines, while modeling
the same.

Coach and train the teller and seller team to process transactions accurately, efficiently in accordance with established policies and

Sey cece li gem

Uncover and satisfy customer needs through the sale of financial products and services, while running all aspects of an efficient and
productive branch.

PO SHiesal a Cen om olny a OREN PAU US)
Company Name i City , State

¢ Assisted branch manager ina retail banking branch with direct accountability of 17 associates Assisted in the deployment of commumications
to assist banking center in product sales goal adoption and sustainment.
BEB Zener siilainoet nel crea nice et ich enaste oH ce ORO we Hie sine raecal BIE Lal oiianicea ta
