SEF OIG]
Summary

Hands-on, client-oriented banking professional who implements creative investment strategies and is dedicated to continuous improvement.

Entry level banking focused on applying excellent research skills and writing ability to a position in business management. Enthusiastic business
myjor with excellent communication skills and strong motivation to succeed.

Highlights
© Cash handing
© Financial analysis Casjenuilciitesienes
CRB AB estos * MS Office proficiency
* Analytical © Team kadership
© Financial reporting « Excellent communication skills
* Loan operations Castes cae Reade ejenee es alic)
« Managing multipk priorities  « Business negotiation
© Identifying risks
Accomplishments
Client Interface A

© Colkborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development.

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Banking 11/2016

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit. Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero
error rate.Processed cash withdrawals. Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit

accounts. Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on
new laws and applications.

Company Name City , State Banking Employee 05/2014 to 08/2015

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit. Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero
error rate.Processed cash withdrawals. Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit

accounts. Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on
new laws and applications.

Company Name City , State Intem 06/2013 to 09/2013

Managing and editing the companys online area and the educative software (Moodk). Developing and preparing accounting, statistics and Office
subject papers (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).

Company Name City , State Banking intem 06/2012 to 09/2012

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit. Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero
error rate.Processed cash withdrawals. Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit

accounts. Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on
new laws and applications.

Education
Master of Science : International Trade 2014 Universidad Carlos IIT de Madrid , City , State , Spain

International Trade Policies, international trade laws,.

Bachelor of Science : Business Administration and Direction 2013 Universidad PA*blica de Navarra , City , State , Spain
Skills

© Sales Software: Saksforce.com, TapScan
© Public Rehtions Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
© Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML,
