BANKING OFFICER

Professional Summary

1 An adaptable and responsible IT Savy seeking an mid-level position in the Finance, Technology or Fintech market. 1 BA in Economics witha
muster's degree in Management and my current job as a Banking Officer has provided me with a well-rounded background and enabled me to
develop an analytical/logical approach to tasks, software skills, and the ability to work under pressure. | Talented Director of Finance with one-
year background in sponsorship, fimdraising and private event planning. Skilled in devising marketing plans to promote venues and events services.
Proven history of building business through personal and professional networking.

Skills
© Due diligence
¢ Finance
« Financial
© NMLS # 1796859 © Financial Analysis
* Business development expertise « Financial staterents
© Project Management Pay clneatain)
* Confluence, Jira, Salesforce, SQL Ca olecatied
CETL ecpeceleccleial| * Sstrategy
¢ Financial Analysis DW oicanieg
CMSs) slic © Market
© Google G Suite, Keynote, Microsoft Office  ¢ Marketing collteral
¢ Technology-savy Caan
Cer ceo rica eatin ced © Microsoft Office
Ce Schaum os} Pee ouuireeuiaiod
© Budget, SQL © Newsktters
* Business development, Strategic Ce Oh}
CEO etUABsTrliou en sic} Ce Wiestanrlbetcs
© Clint, Website © Pricing strategy
* Decision-making, Articks © Producer
Cae Beatie neice Cae wlca@ohacang
* Public rehtions
* Purchasing
¢ Realestate
Work History

Banking Officer , 10/2018 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

« Analyzed customer profiks to identify appropriate products and provide value-added approaches to client issues.
© Complied with regultory requirements, including the bank Secrecy Act, Anti Money Laundering & OFAC, etc.
© Top 3 Loan Sales producer and Top 1 Mortgage originator in North Denver market.

« Analyzed financial credit and underwrote to determine loan feasibility.

© Developed and maintained strong relationships with local real estate agents and small business owners.

© Supervised Asian Banking Center and directed internal activities, including community events and newsktters.

Pirccomy sarc tM cA eR On @laaie
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Assessed budget plans and present costs to forecast trends and recommend changes.

© Executed financial due diligence tasks on daily basis to maintain optimal organization finances.

© Planned and designed product and pricing strategy for membership, increasing membership by 200%.

© Directed the Finance Committee and conducted the organization's annual budget and financial strategic plan.
See cm mela Bii baa RH oR B LU beuwiceka loo naka srcmtne meiner cm

Marketing Specialist , 08/2017 to 09/2018
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Created, improved, developed marketing strategic plans on the company's website and social media.

© Mentored and guided the executive team during business development decision-making to optimize profitability, marketing strategy, and
communications planning,

© Increased credibility and client awareness by developing technical/non-technical marketing collateral and presentations, public relations
campaigns, articles, and newsletters.

© Built 10+ strong partnerships with recruitment agencies, universities, and student associations.

Retail Store Manager , 08/2014 to 07/2015
Oona NE ee Cm OlNg

* Managed all aspects ofstore operations, including organization, maintenance, and purchasing finctions.
