V/P COMMERCIAL RELATIONSHIP MANAGER
Summary

Accomplished Loan Officer who consistently exceeds sales goals whik offering the utmost care in client relations. Excited and motivated to help
customers build successfull financial fitures.

Pe raNeny
© Saks expertise .
SE re ed ra
¢ Excellent commumicator a errr ee

Accomplishments
Received Annual Pinnacle Award for 120% closed loan rate. 20013, 20012.

Impkented several strategies that successfilly increased sales and improved client retention rates.
Continue to improve and develop a strong middle market customer base.
Cray anecd

A AC uasbosver si enyaiLow
March 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Erion som ee ene Gace suelo tren nees deena oer ietuel haan Le warrlicehOMAebrrliceem

I conduct relationship review meetings where opportunities are identified for commercial loan and deposit products, traditional banking,

capital management and brokerage services.

¢ Asa Commercial Relationship Manager I amresponsible for developing customized client strategies that effectively develop relationships
and ensure attainment of loan, deposit, revenue and new households.

© This rok has day-to-day responsibility for the delivery of superior client service, operational integrity, and adherence to bank policy as well

BCE bQaelart athe mse op roul a1 Lom

I manage an assigned Joan portfolio ensuring all documentation is in pice and applicable terms and conditions are adhered to.

I routinely review the asset quality ofall loans assigned; ensuring referrals of problem situations are made to the appropriate associate.

I approves credit applications within assigned lending authority, refers approvals outside of authority to an appropriate associate.

I Negotiate profitable spreads, and maintains timely informtion flow to insure quality of the portfolio, as well as maintains an in depth

knowledge of small business and commercial credit policies and procedures.

© Lending and loan servicing wheel house for my position has been between | million to 20 million dollars in individual Joan growth per Joan
SL

¢ Ihave chsed multipk loans over 5 million to a nurber of companies to include, a national lurber company- $13 Million+ (big in Illinois,
Missouri, And Indiana), Grocery store chain $6 Million, Large Automotive company $5 Million, Multiple property management companies
eR eo mSOBAy Ibo

Ce Or \Wdvcc ms ccc NGubucl une dabei karen eects neues kee lsrm ree ee Ob irenkeebrireGlebrislecag sau

tala a em
RET laws CORR MTs rena Gen SANG hy AOL Mmm el

© Transportation NCO: E-6, Staff Sergeant, Illinois Army National Guard.

¢ Advises military and Department of Defense civilians of their entitlement for shipment of personal property and passenger travel and
Picenc ei Les Lowe lemeemEranel Lene

© Requests and coordinates transport capability to meet a movement mission.

¢ Marks and labels cargo and freight shipments in accordance with regulatory requirerrents.

Documents and inventories freight, cargo, and materiel shipments ofall types; operates autormated data terminal equipment to prepare

rewunundeudtiennioem ui aiceReesccynene anes

Asranges documentation and reports for follow-up or response to tracer actions.

igure ono Ne nub ea acKedcnce baa eem ore S emia avcke ea iraneebnec chelation

Voc ecec ee Pea ulcer Los iiecinsemleemeltnnekeiiadaeeesne ne anes

Responsibke for phnning, managing and coordinating the total cradke-to-grave life cycle logistics support for assigned systems or

subsysterrs, integrating separate finctions of supply, maintenance, procurement and quality assurance into logistics activities required to

TSR bLo ied

Proficiencies: TC-AIMS, Blue Force Tracker, MTS, Multiple Logistic and UMO courses, and all trainng ofan 88N position.

Microsoft Office, training and equipment tracking/repair operations.

© Military- security clearance.

ETS ep Scena Ol CaM MSM OU MUssnom Sic ecesalNae@)icead
March 2008 to March 2014 Company Name i City , State
