RETAIL BANKING DIRECTOR

Summary

A highly creative professional with over 18 years of executive marketing and communication experience and a proven track record of successfill
projects from initial concept through completion. A A high energy, results-oriented leader recognized for innovative tactics and demonstrated
success at strategic/tactical planning, building large (over 200) highly efléctive teams focused on achieving production and financial goals, analytical
and financial expertise. A A talent for building and working with cohesive teams with strong problem solving skills, able to manage time-sensitvie
projects with multi-million dollar budgets. Proven success in increasing customer awareness, changing brands and image within the Santa Fe
community and achieving growth and budgetary goals. Strong ability in working with all levels ofan organization from entry-kevel employees to

board members and community leaders.
als
PRS yee . Pt & Analytical ed
. vines and on PR oC cineca utc le
ee aed AB Petites ue cee ae
schivor anes
Retail Banking Director Jan 2007 to Jan 2017
Company Name

© Provide kadership to all the NM & CO Branches and Private Banking within the Bank in the areas of loan & deposit growth; risk
PeraleteC cH Ree erenaseeReerererOnih mine) alee te

© Manage the training; facilities and real estate projects for the Company.

© Responsible for all the development, planning and execution ofa deposit products & services strategy that supports the Bank's strategic
plan in the delivery ofall retail and commercial deposit product lines.

¢ Direct experience in annual budgeting and monthly financial reporting to the Bank's Board of Directors and Asset & Liability Committee.

© Participate in Executive Management; Asset & Liability Management; IT Steering and Compliance committees.

Marketing & Communications Director Jan 1993 to Jan 2006
Company Name

BEBE cen do hero RHE LPC HM atci Lena ALC ULeCC co Met UR CAT EC Ce Mee re Laam one) ces
managenent, customer relationship software, coordinating special events, developed & managed the call center and all the branches for the
Bank.

Developed advertising campaigns, direct mail programs, Bankwide employee incentive prograns, collateral materiab.

Participated in Executive Management and planning sessions on marketplace strategy and on pricing, product and investment strategies.
Responsible for new product development and implementation.

Responsibke for implementation and management of Bankwide projects.

Responsible for maintaining the Bank's corporate image, including signage, marketplace perceptions, market assessments to test the image.
Responsible for the development of special events to attract and retain Bank customers.

Advanced computer skills.

Operations Manager Jan 1986 to Jan 1993
Company Name

© Project Management for multiple technology related and product development projects.

© Ensured compliance with all laws and policies and procedures were followed by Bank staff in accordance with the regulatory environment.
* Responded to all audit comments and followed up on training and staffadherence.

© Managed training, merchant services and audits responses and follow-up for the branches.

© Wrote the teller & branch operations manuals in accordance with accepted policies & procedures.

* Kept policies and procedures updated and communicated to all branch personnel.

© Developed and managed the monthly reports of ATM profitability.

Education and Training

Graduate 2016 Leadership New Mexico

MBA, technology The College of Santa Fe Wester States School of Banking at University of New Mexico technology

B.S.B.A , Business Administration management Northem Arizona University Business Administration management

pinay

Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce board member 2007-2012; treasurer the last 3 years *Partners in Education board member 2004-2006 “Junior
Varsity tennis coach at St. Michael's High School

Skills

Adobe Acrobat, advertising, agency, ATM, Banking, budgeting, budget, call center, delivery, direct mail, special events, Executive Management,
Facilities Managerrent, Financial, financial reporting, image, investment strategies, keadership, marketing, market, Marketing and Communication,
rao iCM Coreg eo MU Lec GO MOOS Meant nami Lacecei@ HME C MU tOse amen e ssa ane Lam ne) ceL ecm reins
product development, Project Managerrent, real estate, retail, risk management, staff development, strategy, strategic, Strategic Planning
Additional Information

« AWARDS & COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT *Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce board member 2007-2012; treasurer the last 3 years
