BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/STAFFING MANAGER
Professional Summary
Tnnovative Manager seeks position offering opportunities for new professional and personal challenges. Sel starter with a positive, can-do attitude
who is driven to eam, improve and succeed. Over 10 years of proactive and indirect diverse recruiting and staffing experience.
Education and Training
2003
Bachelor of Science : Health Science option in Health Management and Marketing California State University of Hayward 1% City , State , United
iio
Skill Highlights

© Staffing management ability

© Proven patience and self-discipline
Rehtionship and team building
Riniidteiainestee kee eserasg
Critical thinking proficiency
Compensation/benefits administration
Skilled negotiator
Account management Sen
Excellent written and verbal commaumicator ae

ao Strategic planning

PS Miisakiee cote) s\ia ee
Sere aero ziiey
Billng
FA be ene rl
I eteratitneee Ree cut eek eu tirelbey
Proficient communicator
(er itaa ay ald
Cold calling

I Sliametcoueipeneciteesy

Ce

alg

A Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook Express. A Optimizer, WFX, Stafferlink, Healthtrust, and Bullhom.
Maintaining active databases of various hospital proprietary software technology systerrs.

Professional Experience

SPUR @racars

Business Development Manager/Stafling Manager Company Name 14 City , State Manage full cycle staffing, recruiting, and maintain a database
of clients and applicants that is aligned to the business opportunity in the market for recruitment, staffing, and placement . Responsible for job
postings, hiring, interviewing, and training new employees.A Generate new accounts by impkmenting effective networking and content marketing
strategies. Manage budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. Negotiate rates to cut costs and benefit corporate
partnerships .A Demonstrate knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Regulations. Conduct reference and background checks on all job
applicants. Developed creative recruiting strategies that mct anticipated stafling needs. Communicate the duties, compensation, benefits and
working conditions to all potential candidates. Contact all job applicants to inform them of their application status. Work with Director of Nursing
and Human Resource Directors to ensure all healthcare organization is able to support business growth. Coach and counsel employees regarding
attendance & performance; mediate employee disputes and comphints.A Respond Onboard new employees in the time reporting and payroll
Reel hem che ST PeR ir eID ear anineci ta tom

05/2003 to 08/2008

Staffing Coordinator Company Name 1 City , State Created and maintained all absentee calendars, agency nurse schedules and staff meeting
minutes. Maintained all confidential personnel files, licensing and CPR compliance records. Develop computerized schedules for assigned nursing
units based on established staffing pattems, policies, approved employee preferences, and managers’ requests. Revises and adjusts unit schedules
as needed in consultation with nurse managers.A Proactively adjusts and allocates core, registry, and float nursing personnel to provide adequate
CO Mo rani me sibone ice nin ued ie recs ei cnirlbmacae nico en oninlndeceuecaoleuheticiilas

05/2003 to 08/2008

Staffing Manager Company Name iA City , State Manage full cycle staffing, recruiting, and maintain a database of clients and applicants that is
aligned to the business opportunity in the market for recruitment, staffing, and placerrent . Responsible for job postings, hiring, interviewing, and
training new employees.A Generate new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies. Mamage budget
forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.A Negotiate rates to cut costs and benefit corporate

partnerships.A Demonstrate knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Reguhtions.A Conduct reference and background checks on all job
applicants.A Developed creative recruiting strategies that met anticipated staffing needs.A Communicate the duties, cormpensation, benefits and
working conditions to all potential candidates.A Contact all job SS to inform them of their application status. Work with Director of Nursing
and Human Resource Directors to ensure all healthcare organization is able to chy ony business growth. Coach and counsel employees regarding
attendance & performance; mediate employee disputes and comphints. A RespondA Onboard new employees in the time reporting and payroll
eT Ma OEM RU eee ert coRats ore
