SENIOR ASSOCIATE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Professional Summary

Background includes military service in the United States Marine Corp and the United States Army. A strong formidable Ieader, that is able to
manage individuals as well as large groups. Keys skills include developing strong public relationships and helping others develop winning attitudes
Caer wu Om Kees etele ce mnces aM Clo aera eye gat saunas tral CO iced ms recs MES te DS) ANETIC RCCL
ethics and morals. Creating a great win/win situation with the client and investor or finding source. Following up with clients to ensure satisfaction
and answer any questions they may have. Prospecting through referrals and other creative approaches. Setting and achieving targeted contract
goals as needed. Have superior knowledge in negotiations to effectively help clients and investors make sound decisions. Contact high profile
investors to spark interest in client offerings using investor database, negotiating fees and price offerings between investors and clients. CAR
SALES Noverber 2013 Understands automobiks by studying characteristics, capabilities, and features; comparing and contrasting competitive
models; inspecting automobiles. Develops buyers by maintaining rapport with previous customers; suggesting trade-ins; meeting prospects at
community activities; greeting drop-ins; responding to inquiries; recommending sales campaigns and promotions. Qualifies buyers by understanding
buyer's requirements and interests; matching requirements and interests to various models; building rapport. Demonstrates automobiks by
exphining characteristics, capabilities, and features; taking drives; exphining warranties and services. Closes sales by overcoming objections;
asking for sakes; negotiating price; completing sales or purchase contracts; exphining provisions; explaining and offering warranties, services, and
financing, collects payment; delivers automobik. Provides sakes management information by completing reports. Updates job knowledge by
participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications. Enhances dealership reputation by accepting ownership for
accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Ability to Work Well na Team
Atmosphere Ability to multitask in a fast paced environment Team player that can help others, and kam from others as needed. Strong problem-
solving, analytical, and quantitative skills. Good oral and written communication skills, abke to express ideas and information ina clear and concise
Hiticms wroteon paced Ob Iona ulo caustic anes (bn MMAlliNa eben anecpen lie ceccucesii Nalnant AD cig
dates and deadlines. Ability to work effectively with diverse persomalities. Resourcefill, reliabk,, get-things-done kind of person. Willing to take
responsibility, be held accountabk, and really own the position. Possession of Current Valid California Drivers License, insurance, reliable
transportation

Core Qualifications
© Clint-focused
¢ Results-oriented © Goakoriented
© Quick kamer © Excellent negotiating tactics
* Contract negotiation/review/draftng © Business negotiation
CRD Loiemocceristiaratnae © Coli Calling
© Microsoft Office © Sales Force
Experience

Senior Associate Business Development
January 2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Working with private hard money lender as a negotiator for real estate contracts, and business development.
© Working with brokers and clients to secure finding for real estate projects both commercial and residential, business acquisitions.
¢ Build and maintain financial relationships with investors’ brokers and finding partners.

CEO
January 2011 to Current Company Nan 1 City , State

Re-established brokering business afer the real estate meltdown as an LLC in the state of Nevada.

© Owner operator in good standing with secretary ofstate.

Pee SOp re ol spose nv ecccollipranltannd tesa Rl bobo cece Parente ee ocala ene
OMe vow ncieeset pace

I display the following attributes vital to business to business protocol.

Ce oooh Naor h Ra one cee Tea aniede eeclencm sceh CLcSHeni LETC cel lMacctiPUb ye nirane erecta)
Blam Uncen aes) Ice

Following-up with leads to assist themas needed through their finding phase until ready for a financial decision and purchase.

CEO
January 2001 to January 2005 Company Name 1% City , State

CEs Bt ace Come lec mica

© Oct, 2008 structured The Lane Organization, LLC under records of the Nevada Secretary of State as a Limited Liability Corporation.
Ce AB trate mNcO cecasmcnc Real Spe eI MiL CMP RIubettiae Roatan rere

GOES TIA Chakeenilas ebm nice roele grisea earnest Omelnlnce re Ricky kaon hte m

PRP ea tiie cee eck anne naar bic Ome once Reliemen ied ae pte

oR ark nano ei iceitenkonaesicg
January 1983 to January 1987 Company Name 1 City , State
Education
