BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR
Summary

T collaborate with multiple stakehoMers to determine audience needs, quickly developing strategic plans that align with my clients business priorities
Aleisha sccm

schivor anes
rise os irali@ Died mS T MORON ono aNd Oly mms Ce

Producing measurable results for my clients by designing unique engagement initiatives for employees, sakes channel partners and consumers
groups. Sales of performance improvement products, most being intangible services to Fortune 500 clients. Success at discovering and growing
try business with customers who have the potential to spend more than $1 million with me each year.

© Ihave designed innovative solutions, customized to each customers various objectives and end result needs.

Managing my internal teams to develop, design and operate complex custom projects ranging in value at least $150,000 to millions.

Titles called on include the entire C suite, CEO, COO, CFO, CMO, President, EVP's of Marketing, Sales, Hurman Resources & Finance.
Pei Lecce leR OR OMS OIL Rar ainlinoncuneeiaMe licen eRe aninean en

Sokl 17 new accounts while in current position, managed sales volume and profit margin with long sales cycle.

Managed and hired staffof4 to work with my nyjor global account travel & meetings business over 8 years.

Total book of business constantly over $2.5 million each year.

Nearly twice the entertainment activity of other BDD's with similar tenure.

PC he NS IRL RY co ooUnceaiicKac hn aa Oh naa lc Cmer se retRicllslen om snl

Account Territory & District Sales Manager / National Account Saks 08/1989 to 04/1997 Company Nanx City , State

Responsible for growth of distributor sales volume, product mix and motivation of DSR sales forces.

Developed my own custom local training and marketing materials, which were later adopted by the Neste corporate.

Pierce enamel ce eMeence Rm aOR elle bobs: ccm

Increased my chain accounts by over 75% while with national accounts,

Created sales forecasts, developed budgets, strategic plans and managed entire regional office staff. Working with my team we grew
business at Nestle largest US account by nearly double.

Surpassed sales, budget goals every year as manager and twice ked company nationally in new product introductions.

¢ District saks grew fiom$16 million to over $22 million as district manager. Hired five salespeople and 4 direct reports were promoted,
managed up to eight account managers at a time.

Developed new reports, marketing and promotional strategies for the field. Designed account reviews process, management and fiekl
training progrars for the entire company.

Sold smull business owners and managed distributor sales accounts, using strategic planning, innovative programming and by cultivating
strong personal relationships. Took area territory sales ftom $500,000 to $2.9 million, with a mature company in an industry with an
average annual increase of only 3-5%.

Financial Operations Executive and Departirent Merchandising Manager 04/1988 to 08/1989 Company Nanx City , State Financial Operations
Executive for the South Bend store. Volunteered to be merchandise manager for the stores largest department. Whik in this role the department
had the highest per foot sales volume of any department in the entire corporation during the 4th quarter of 1988.

Accomplishments

© 4 times President Achievement Guild Award winner, award for sales volume and profit.

© 3 times President Achievement Award winner, award for sales volume and profit.

© 4 times Achieverrent Guild winner, for keadership in 3 year running combined volure.

* Top travel and meetings sales several times since with BIW.

¢ National sales contest "the 1993 Superbowl",

® Twice awarded "The Over Achiever of the Year" by my most profitable direct customer.

© Reviewed consistently by management throughout career as “Outstanding or Exceeding Expectations".
© College: elected to executive positions with both Fmance Club and Resident Housing Association.

alg

Saks, Business Development, Distributor Saks, Territory Saks, District Saks, Sales of Solutions, Sales Tears, Sales Accounts, National
Accounts, Sales Managerrent, Strategic Accounts, Sales Promotions, Travel & Meeting Sales, Technology Application Sales, Clients
Managenrent, Marketing, Budget, Budgets, Forecasts, Promotional, Travel & Meeting Operations, Strategic Planning, Training, Training
Developrent, Financial Operations, Merchandising, Corporate Operations, Employee Engagement, Managing Existing Accounts, Forecasting,
Hummn Resources, Finding New Accounts, Relationship Building and Strategic Direction.

brairestbeny
Bachelor of Business Administration : Finance, General Business 1988 Western Michigan University City , State , US

Earmed over 85% ofall educationaViving costs. Jobs worked while in college, industrial heavy construction, excelled at several sales roks including
at direct sales of home goods. While in direct sales I won a national trip and was ranked in the top 10 in the country in sales. Started two
