BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REPRESENTATIVE
Accomplishments

¢ Achieverent driven and results-oriented individual interested in working in Business Management or Sales.

© SUMMARY: Youthful yet very mature; willing to eam and grow; excited about finding a challenging position that gives me an opportunity
ekee nineties

Quick leamer with attention to detail.

Excellent ability to think out of the box and solve problens.

Superb leadership, intrapersonal, and people skills.

Flexible and open to new challenges.

Professional Summary

Achieverrent driven and results-oriented individual interested in working in Business Management or Sales.

Skills
® MS Office Suite
e SalesForce.com
© Pipedrive.com
© Birst/Intradiem Reports
© CPR Certification, 2012
« MS Office Suite .
¢ SalesForce.com . Se
© Pipedrive.com i" pesctsies hepa
¢ Birst/Intradiem Reports * Highly competitive
rors Senn ena) a
© SalesForce.com Pasa iarreliciiets
© Pipedrive.com © Dedicated team phyer
¢ Birst/IntradiemReports © Highly competitive
CBW ARO)ibeemsiniig * Interpersonal skills
: San Secs arene
© Birst/Intradiem Reports . ries seal
ace etsts a ani
a terpersonal s
* Maikhinp.com om
Work History

Business Developrent Representative 05/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

J rece supe pac Acre Sem Letty

Generate new business by adding new retailers and working with existing retailers to strengthen and grow the relationship.
Develop relationships with retailers via outbound cold calls and email campaigns to decision makers.

Follow 7 touches in 7 days plan for new prospects to set appointments.

Strengthen existing accounts by growing product feed and improving pricing.

Demonstrate solution and configure website integration.

Sales Development Representative 09/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

® Maintain positive energy on the sakes floor.

Pre on 8 Meer elglbe an nese Ren S eens 10) RCN cece On Del Buna ce Leen Genes ataclice nen
PL EWN

© Completed 130+ daily cold calls, with an average of 2.5 hours talk tine.

Increased KPI's 2 fold month to month during first 90 days ofemployment.

© Participate in all traning and continuing education opportunities offered by management.

Senior Sales Producer 02/2015 to 05/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

* Consistently surpassed the agency standard of 20 policies per month.
¢ Establish a referral network based on loan originators, real estate agents, new/used car and motorsports salesmen and my own personal
pana
