BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REGIONAL MANAGER

BS

ran erst
Responsibk for Ly value of the company's brand, through the delivery ofexpansion, recruitment, mobility, conflict resolution, and workforce

Pet ene eSc a MOP RSS CBOE Oe terri aR Ren Teele oy eseomtnne error artrs htons enw

Baily

ee ee

uve arteries

Time Management

POS and Inventory Training

Internal Conflict Resolution POS applications/software QuickBooks POS, Pacific Amber POS, and eros gen
Biche OB Baten © Proficient in software such as QuickBooks and Microsoft Office applications.A
Marketing CAPAC lrece Rocke e PaNsnocD Cae Seem re Msn CIRO sacl U NUNS UTTS
Budgets & Cost Reduction

Client Retention

Business Development

Experience
January 2013 to Current
Company Name City , State Business Development Regional Manager

er er ey C Cr a ay e

Developed, impkmented, and improved inventory process and procedures resulting in reducing inventory Joss throughout the company to
1d iy

Developed and approve all company policies and procedures for inventory management and audits for POS (Point of Sak) and general
SB nates

Utilizing Excel spreadsheets observations, system testing, and statistical reports for inventory and profit and loss.

Responsibke for marketing strategies and campaigns each quarter.

Produce engaging online marketing campaigns and contests though the use of social media sites and search engines.

on EneRvdpceM aura Grecian acubatesl eee detoae Recordar RNa nlinesreasicuunrodine tet Cyncet ce)
exphin new policies and procedures including but not limited to text and PowerPoint.

Phan and schedule internal meetings, conference calls and web based presentations for notify and assist Human Resources and CEO, via
Audits and individual reviews, ina timely manner ofall personneF-related changes involving branch office staff including branch hierarchy
reporting relationships, terminations and status changes.

Cross-trained and provided back-up support for multiple positions within the company.

Spear headed a junior leadership program which creased employee retention.

Tested and selected POS software that was implemented throughout the company.

POS set up such as new product entry, employee set up, Transaction corrections, Inventory adjustments and customized reporting,
Utilized most effective communication options to explain new policies and procedures including emul, text, social (digital media),
PowerPoint.

Assisted Custonrrs with comphints or concems about the service or product received.

¢ Communicated directly with vendors to insure inventory stock Ievels were adequately maintained and quality of product was approved and

pershintinee

¢ Responsibk for resolving intemal conflicts with both mangers and employees to ensure a productive work environment.
¢ Recruitment of top talent for both entry level and management positions with a variety of different sourcing techniques including social media,

University Recruiting, referrals, and job boards.

tes Cin Necoliecd COLOR PAT bhi thor cP Rtianiogy el branes karen nm ncned cree}
OHM aid oleate nannies alec me uineclb ence ee RSAlee ted

eee inte ise yeaa Do he Cceba be CoP Saud TOM cana O Muck ences cat onary MTT!
assisting with events, presentations and report preparation.

Drafted biweekly time sheets for over 20 executives and employees.

January 2012 to January 2013
Leon elie Nene OH NERC selene maken

PIECE Ress sed serum gee) alee eR br Coun ghee Rea uisieect ns saute

Researched top influencers, competitors, and trends in clients' mdustries; create timely and engaging content optimized for platform used and
intended audience.

OO ESB Omar Or emcon arya uiilvemne muita eal corceenbe or ae alrtel ana

Planned and managed the public relations programs designed to create and maintain a favorable public image for Fortune 500 companies.
Utilized marketing software that measured marketing efforts and measure ROI on events and campaigns.

Created company literature and other forms of communication; helped design marketing and promotional materia, both print and
[Oceltnensem

Worked with advertisers and editors for timely and useable ad and article submissions.

Cece RlicwibnomeratuotunaCmec rink palate negra coe

Janvary 2011 to January 2013
Company Name City , State Teacher/Receptionist

ry Cr ce ee . O
