DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Executive Profile

Results- driven and highly skilled Account Manager and Sales Leader with 10+ years ofexperience developing and executing plans that cover all
po rou died os) dia ee Coico en eae ea eee an Cb SSCL etc
challenges of their business.A Creates effective strategies to keep the pipeline accurate, moving, and exceeding goals.

Skill Highlights
© Strategic account development © Relationship selling
© Strong interpersonal skills © Strong deal closer
* Team building expertise © Skilled mutti-tasker
¢ Proven saks track record ¢ Aralytical problemsolver

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Ore ou eR eOrate make hems bom) cme com en Re Beacon Etna bos} com
Increased territory penetration 25% from 19 to 25 States.

Managed a portfolio of accounts totaling $10,500,000 in annual sales and $32,000,000 in total contract value.
Generated a pipeline of more than $150,000,000 in net new opportunities in 12 months.

Professional Experience
OO NAVE O MAE Ce Picco mye ise Da Lennciall/ REO LOlu ne

* Worked closely with other company executives to identify new business opportunities, securing contracts for enterprise government
software, Software as a Service (SaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and Managed Service solutions.

Mb eeccteravgenvaisneare cre avant hos net ek soe Rca cnn Cercarety Wn lne Win etsce en Wit icine

PE Sieecniciou ca deoud econo sincere ce om UCR EOD CANON Ico iclemlied yncreeblbea team dln
company.

Company Name City , State Deputy Secretary of State 01/2007 to 07/2013

Oe econ) Salto Malan meer uect or Rec mccann tm oecnranaecr RIG atm NRo aT TY
including overallA constituentA satisfiction.

* Reduced application processing intervals from4 weeks to 2 days through the restructure and streamiine of multiple divisions of government.

© Strengthened State agency's ability to provide fair, secure, and accurate elections to the voters by leading implementation of the new
Statewide Voter Registration software solution.

LOO ANE LO AE CM Lorem nitLom U/L HOR RU AAU HTL

© Educated mortgage brokers on the variety of wholesale loan products and availabk credit options.

« Analyzed applicants’ financial status, credit and property evaluation to determine feasibility of granting Joan.

¢ Increased monthly mortgage origination ftom $100,000 to $800,000 per month in assigned territory.
On ANE LO MAE CP cen ia\ianaiam PAU R Oni PAulic

¢ Analyzed applicants’ financial status, credit and property evaluation to determine feasibility of granting Joan.

© Engaged non-standard borrowers to leverage all of their financial resources to optimize their borrowing ability.

© Captured outstanding performance awards by outperforming established monthly lending of 120% of quota.
Company Name City , State Territory Manager 03/2005 to 03/2006

© New business development to capture market share for second mortgage wholesale lending in South Carolina.

¢ Assisted mortgage brokers and bankers to allow them to maximize revenue per loan and optimize customer relationship.

* Created a niche for the broker allowing them to increase their revenue by fees up to 20%.

Cee etre nebula Leen RAca Wanna b rercocs i peninveoneuemire eileen PSL URU UR ORT RUOUAU IR nom pelt Ly

(Oo ANE RO Names Ce gical Batre aU PAU Pe ROR ECIZAU En}

© Provided full service business relationship managerent to leverage all of the deposit, investment, and lending portfolio of the bank.
¢ Devised a phan to catapult a nonperforming retail branch to produce $250,000 per month in new deposits as well as $250,000 per month in
aa entice

Company Name City , State Territory Account Manager 10/2002 to 01/2004

* Business development for Software as a Service (SaaS), managed services, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), hardware, and telephony
for mid-tier market
