BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

schivor anes

January 2014

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Business Development Mamger

© Platform for video content and targeted mative video ads Report to COO and CRO with new business initiatives and business strategies for
publishers and advertisers.

CM Pre cress ieee NER een tee cin Gconinns nmi Hue geeltsicekee scm ripe
party vendors (Jun Group, Veeseo, Adblade, Bidtellect).

* Adding clients to partner with by phone, ermil and meetings resulting in the creation ofa pipeline for Cinerm6 Compose weekly reports on
new business, campaigns and other daily tasks.

January 2013

to

January 2014

Company Name City , State Sales and Service Desk Specialist

© Private Wealth Management - Altemative Investments Supported and managed relationships with Financial Advisors in the Pacific
Northwest and Mid-America regions, as well as throughout the country and internationally.

Educated Financial Advisors on specific Alternative Investment products on the Merrill Lynch platform, including strategies, fee structure,
Biebe tomer piocanseeitcatedticcs

Identified as the Sales and Service Desk Specialist with the highest and most consistent call record, leading the team in services provided to
Financial Advisors that called on the Alternative Investments Service Desk.

Developed and helped launch the Best Practitioner program for Financial Advisors geared towards generating new business on the
Alternative Investment platform

Awarded 2013 Alternative Investirents Most Net Sales to Budget for the Pacific Northwest Region.

January 2010

to

January 2013

Company Name City , State New Business Director

© Provided financial solutions for client that reduced cash flow expenditures and realized losses on assets by utilizing those underperforming
assets to offset media expenditures.

Responsible for introducing ORION Trading to 75-150 accounts with annual media budgets in excess of $4mm on advertising including, but
not limited to television, radio, digital print, and OOH, nationally and locally.

© Sourced and maintained relationships with corporate executives at Fortune 1000 organizations.

Responsible for sourcing and brokering new business with significant clients including Vail Resorts, Cargill, Pergo, Black and Decker, and
Colonial Wiliansburg.

Responsible for production of monthly newsketters for ORION clients and employees on current immovations that provided creative solutions
to business probes.

January 2008

to

RET!)

Company Name City , State Sales Manager

* Maximized Showtime Networks subscriber growth and revenue in affiliate customer service centers in the Mid-West and Western
territories,

Managed 10 accounts in the cable industry sector with $894,623 of combined revenue and maintained a 1% account net growth, ina
television advertising environment that exhibited significant declines in growth.

Led orsite training by educating and motivating affiliated Customer Contact Personnel, which included 15-20 people per training on
product, sales, retention, new product introduction, and created and implemented motivational methods to influence sales.

Led new business development initiatives in Seneca, SC and Seattle, WA, territories that directly resulted in increased revenue from
Peete cel Maine Lar enamel iaccie canard

Established and maintained an extensive network of clients through calls, meetings, and designed client managerrent events.

July 2006
Company Name City , State Summer Analyst

¢ Conducted research for Portfolio Managers on portfolio investments including analyses of 10-K and 10-Q reports.
© Tracked the trading volue and prices ofkey stocks for institutional and private clients, producing weekly reports to various Portfolio
Managers and assisted the trading desk with market database analysis on prospective trades.

Education
