BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER, VP
Executive Profile

Anbitious leader who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. Builds and
retains high performance teams by hiring, developing and motivating skilled professionals.

Skill Highlights
© Call center/diakr operations
© Mult-unit operations management © Underwriting
CREO ines areicllenjse) quasi ot st MR MCT Esau ome TTaN
* Relationship and vendor management © Operational Risk

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Operations Management: Managed multi-sites and units (150 FTE) Handled multiple functions related to customer care, collections, loss
mitigation, risk, foreclosure, and underwriting

Staff Development: Launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff.

Mentored and coached employees resulting ina 12% increase in productivity.

Project Management: Created policies and procedures for extemal vendors.

Initiated audit checklist for vendors resulting in 80% decrease in their average tum times and increasing overall quality by 40% in one year.
Partnered with law firms, judges, NY City Mayors office, NY City Bar, GSE and housing counseling attomey to institute Continued
Leaming Education seminar for all court systems in NYC area.

Professional Experience
Oo INANE O MAE CE Sic Lecce Rae es enm cise made OPC ao @re ree

Spearheaded sales of managemytests.com platform, resulting ina 1.2 million dollar increase in revenue over first six months.
PXeonncl) mom celreRoerteercdin emits ia Le

Spearheaded cross-fimctional initiative to achieve new business. Increased profits by 60% in one year through restructure of business line.
Closes new business deals by coordinating requirements; developing and negotiating contracts; integrating contract requirements with
business operations.

Company Name City , State Lending Manager, VP 09/2009 to 10/2014

Led a departrrent consisting of two AVP's, ten managers, one business training consultant and 120 FTE that consisted of single points of
OMe Reno ME cee

Managed all facets of loss mitigation for private investors within Wells Fargo.

Accountable for ensuring compliance with pooling and servicing agreements and mortgage backed securities.

Created two specialized teams within unit: High Impact Resolution Unit responsible for reviewing and creating solutions for the Office of the
President Foreclosure mediation unit handling all mediations across all investor lines within WFHM.

‘This includes private, owned, FHA, VA, FNMA, and FHLMC.

Ensured compliance with all intemal and external audits including OCC, GCOR, and investor audits.

Motivated unit to high levels of quality and production. Managed mediation and vendor/relationship management teams.

Accountable for managing quality and effectiveness ofall 3rd party aw firms including training and audits.

Reviewed underwriting decisions for all complex loans made within the unit requiring the highest level of authority within Wells Fargo.
Successfilly eamed and held E Level authority for Bank and Private, Wells Owned, Wells Fargo Financial, Wells Fargo Home Equity,
Wells Fargo Pick a Pay, FNMA, FHLMC, USDA, VA, FHA, and FHLB.

Created state specific policies and procedures in collaboration with project and implementation tears.

CE icliccbetsibe eurterennnctc CMM QLmMIn EN UCICeRO PO CUNirta ay eid ik ee CB OEDenIL sie mate intel ZC et

RUC OCR Leet a
Represented Wells Fargo in key legislative meetings in partnership with Govenmrent Rekations and Legal.
Ako appeared in litigated and mediated court cases nationally.

Company Name City , State Collections Supervisor II 03/2007 to 09/2009

Responsible for coaching, influencing, developing and managing team members including decisions relative to performance reviews,
terminations, hires, discipline, salary actions, etc.

Provides quality customer service to internal and extemal customers.

Ensures compliance and quality standards are met in accordance with intemal key indicators and investor requirements.

Liaison between quality controVanalytics department and business unit relating to all key indicator reviews and responses.
Influences performance of the business unit by working as a key member of the decision mking management team on strategy and buikling
departmental effectiveness and performance.

Aligns business unit activities to business priorities.

Participates in strategic dialer planning discussions and provides input regarding future direction.

Created global scripting for outbound Loss Mitigation campaigns.

Participates in HOPE NOW initiatives and foreclosure prevention events.
