SENIOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary

Business developnent professional experienced in sales managerment, marketing and applications engineering of filtration and drying systems to the
es diindudt be] MB ineke roel mucmelcn ele eR l am ne hstL ee

Highlights
Accomplishments

© Supercharged sales of high-valued filtration systems to customers in the bio-phanmceuticals, specialty chemical, agro-chemicak, and other

Fert ee rs neeMe nnn gekoa linea cele hom OMe scone Te aude ty gam elec cance RO URAC TNenes uc Ce tT US

(Heinkel)

Sales/Application Engineer: provided direct sales and application engineering expertise to users of size-reduction, classifying, mixing and

drying equipment as well as down-flow/amimar flow booths and active/passive isolation systems to the specialty chemicals, minerals and

other industries. Used consultative sales/relationship-buikding to generate outstanding bookings each & every year

¢ Supercharged sales of high-valued filtration systems to customers in the bio-phanmcceuticals, specialty chemical, agro-chemicak, and other
industries using consultative selling techniques, to consistently achieve 50% year-over-year growth with outstanding gross margns
(Heinke).

© Launched campaign to rebrand company as a leading solution provider in solid-liquid separation. Analyzed complex customer requirements,

and developed user requirement specifications (URS). Presented the best solution to customer. Generated new product revenue of

$1,750,000 (Heinkel).

Consulted on process solutions with high-end battery chemicals manufacturer and engineering firm Created, confirmed and fine-tuned

through testing, the right solution for a demanding requirement. Collaborated closely with customer and engineering firm to designa

compkte solution package. Obtained over $5.5 million in equipment sakes for the company at 25+% gross margins (Heinkel).

Developed a 3-year road-map and provided the strategic guidance required to improve financial operations, reduce costs and capitalize on

the company's core competencies. Hired/trained inside and outside saks, reps/distributors. Result: ~200% top-line growth at record

margins (Heinkel).

Developed sales channel ftom ground up, including identifying, auditing, hiring and training manufacturer's reps. Created/mplemented

strategic plan to drive product through sales channels. Achieved sakes over $ AY million ofnew and $6 million of rebuilt centrifiiges.

(Sanbom)

Planned website for content, layout, design, meta/alt tags and SEO (search engine optimization). Developed intemet marketing philosophy

making website informative, intuitive and interactive. Web site has become major & consistent source of inquiries. (Heinkel, Sanbom).

TOM P. PATNAIK Notable Achievements Continued

Led cross-fimctional team to identify customer's unmet needs. Set-up customer focus groups to gather voice-of-customer. Developed ideas,

generated concepts, carried out business analysis of new product concept. Developed prototype. Established/ran beta site. Commercialized

and launched high-value filtering centrifiige to pharmaceutical and chemical manufacturers. (Keterma)

Experience
Senior Business Development Manager
May 2014 to March 2015 Company Name i City , State

Resets es omUCuNteNubcdneoM een wnNCr Acar cn Sram e ka aise nulhiclcu dilly eccma eis an esa ay od
solutions such as product lifecycle management, asset managerment, enterprise mobility and Intemet of Things, to enhance productivity and reduce
Coisigelangysariticm wn A URC ces emu iGherancdnon cia inata aio Accel Lel ane kcunserte soi euscr microsd
near-shore engineering center. Major clients/targets include: Coca Cola, DuPont, BASF, among others

Director, Sales & Marketing
April2011 to May 2014 Company Nanx 1% City, State

Turned around the sales and profitability of this European manufacturer of centrifiges, filters, dryers and ball valves, for bio-phanmaceuticals,
specialty chemicals, agro-chemicals and other industries, by a combination of setting clear strategic direction and smart tactical execution, using
direct selling and manufacturer's reps. Used thought leadership, consultative sales and relationship-buikding to more than doubke the sales in2
years, while creating a robust sakes fimnel for continued growth, by promoting company’s reputation and expertise.

Sales/Application Engineer
June 2007 to April2011 Company Name 1% City , State

provided direct saks and application engineering expertise to users of size-reduction, chssifying, mixing and drying equipment as well as down-
flow/laminar flow booths and active/passive isolation systems to the specialty chemicals, minerals and other industries. Used consultative
saks/relationship-building to generate outstanding bookings each & every year.

Consultant
January 2003 to January 2007 Company Name i City , State

provided sales, marketing, process and application engineering expertise to users of process equipment in the life-science, chemical, mining, and
other industries forthis specialized centrifuge consulting firm.
