DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Ss
LOTS ra mc ay cod OCB Loom bem eriinlsir ttt Pe ae MUU Ekenovceciecs ik minicar Rec Tm Cree matted
knowledgeable and supportive while providing clear and sincere commumication. Dependable B usiness Development expert with 4 + years as a
ook) Puce bined ele err cow
AS Fraita nT

Chitose Conrail tare.

¢ Probkemsolver ¢ Busixess DevelopmentA

CT hes Cem) ry ng Ca A)

Accomplishments
Sales

CSc el bse Beeld Pay Umea) Cactus
CMe ices RCM comics ety mally)

COTM red

¢ Colkborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product UST CcuR GUS ee Rel an ecce tC ost a
ORS ra veties Ron and ra Een nO MAR Inr ncn ee nce nr ce

OTe ey
* Increased cost-efféctiveness by 20 % through compliance enforcement and impkmentation of'a new quality control system a€a«
IO
Flog
Experience
June 2015
to

May 2016
Company Name City , State Director of Business Development

© Strategic marketingA

¢ Exceed budget goals by 150%,

© Network of supporting physicians and case managers.
Pe Noosa netcep ence cpio lcrn nares ince

Pee) tunceBiesnas hon store

Ree CEM es acs cr arate caunes a ceSan ell Gee

Pam cr) kO)ror Loin

¢ Contract negotiations.

RTPA Cs

to

June 2015

Company Name City , State Physician Relations and Education/Marketing Liaison

PERO velcro nbetens aber oman tata Revie

CME OireslayoncRdarl Bem ean ca

* Market to physicians, case managers, and patient families to inform them about their choice for Jong-termacute care.
© Work with the sales team to co-market new territories and hospitals.

© Present in-services to discuss the features and benefits.

¢ Deliver excellent customer service and sincerity.

¢ Promoted to Director of Business Development.

February 2013

to

Rr. Cy

Company Name City , State Clinical Liaison

PR oleate ors OAC ResUR Achy ieHTeg pees eu bubl sb ia cer evened

eee borers bans ctin keaces ren tnany.\

¢ Increased territories’ admissions by more than 200%.

¢ Assisted with hitting record census in the history of Restora Hospital.

© Transferred to the west valley territory to assist with rebuilding relationships and raise census.
CRBs iiccbr@rnbr ccs rae sore

© Mended broken rehtionships in the territory and created new ones.
