BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST/AE

Professional Summary

Taman exceptionally creative and results-driven marketing professional with over 20 years of successfull experience covering the entire gamut of
the industry. I am extremely adept at all levels of communication; work extremely well independently or as part ofa group, while possessing strong
supervisory, organizational and staff management skills. I am experienced in all related design, database/analysis and presentation programs and
have extremely strong media identification, planning and negotiation skills-with a solid history of success in targeting primary demographics. I
possess exemplary project management, budgetary and analytic skills and bring a rare mix of right-brain creativity and left-brain organizational
skills to the table, and am currently seeking a challenging position within my field of proven expertise. Extremely adept at multi-tasking-with the
ability to effectively juggle multiple projects and deadlines Experience in developing metrics and methodologies to assess campaign effectiveness
and ROI statistics Strong media identification, negotiation, planning, campaign creation, production and assessment skills Highly-experienced in all
phases of print production, including: design, negotiation, press checks, pre-press and print operations Highly-experienced in all phases of media
pknning, budgeting, negotiation, trafficking and assessment Highly-experienced in all phases of television and radio campaign production and
development Experienced in forging and strengthening high-value business relationships Building and creating cross-fimctional teams within a
supportive environment to maximize efficiencies Development of co-op advertising/marketing initiatives within non-competing industries Experience
in preparing and delivering statistical and consumer trend reports to C-level company executives Extensive background art directing photo shoots-
both in-studio and or- location Extremely battle-tested in crisis management and creative problem solving Microsoft Office (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, etc.) Highly-experienced in PageMaker, InDesign, QuarkXPress, as well as all other layout/design programs Highly-experienced in
Photoshop - as well as most other graphics programs Exemphry staff motivation‘development/managerrent skills Experience on both sides of the
media negotiation table (client/media) Highly-developed interpersonal and presentation skills / superior writing and editing skills Strong work ethic
als

Work History

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST/AE 09/2012 to 07/2014

Company Name 4€“ City , State

Develop new business and manage existing accounts for #1-rated KESQ-TV / kesq.com.

Maintain relationships and service new and existing advertisers; continue / increase KESQ spending levels.

Sell and execute commercial schedules, in-content sponsorships, internet/mobik digital projects and packages.

Compile and present comprehensive and creative sakes presentations to ad agency media buyers, corporate marketing directors and
business owners affer assessing their current marketing initiatives to determine targeted best potential custormer/patient/client base and
potential return on advertising investment.

Act as media specialist for clients.

Complete requested reports in an accurate and timely manner.

Have thorough understanding of the station's websites, programming and competitive advantages in the market.

I oeexera@leeninibebiemeecccerbin remit eli Brians

Operate independently and as part of multi-station group.

Initiated market research studies and analyzed findings.

Directed and coordinated marketing activities and policies to promote products and services.

Developed and implemented campaigns for email, online advertising, search engines and direct mail,

Defined and tracked campaign effectiveness and adjusted strategies accordingly.

DIRECTOR OF MARKETING & ADVERTISING 01/2004 to 01/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for all aspects of company branding, marketing, promotions and advertising,

* Research, plan, propose, budget, execute and assess all retail (and B2B) marketing, collateral, and support services for three branded
entities within a 12-showroom chain,

Negotiate all media contracts, conceptualize and produce all TV and radio commerciab.

Conceptualize and produce all monthly CRM and direct mail campaigns, including mul list identification and procurement as well as
campaign analysis.

Supervise web site construction, development, PPC/SEO initiatives, design report detailing web activity, create monthly reports utilizing
[Ceo u erie Olle Sanam

© to ascertain campaign efficiency, web traffic and sales percentages and identify emerging industry trends to Company President.

Design all reporting methodologies and metrics to quantify and qualify sales figures, media efléctiveness, store traffic, closing ratios, ROI,
ROO, and present results to company president on a weekly basis.

Prepare, allocate and manage multimillion dollar annual budget including development of vendor co-op programs.

Conceive, research legal implications and regulations, negotiate and implement promotional contests, raffles, value-added giveaways, etc.
Write speeches, press releases news articles, and ad copy.

Working with Company President and General Sales Manager select products for ad inclusion and design ads, circulars, POP/POS
materiak, external and environmental signage/graphics, etc.

BEhumbocarcerebiisliicektos mitra lacnen

¢ MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENTS: Increased same-store sales 28%, average ticket 16% and increased vendor co-op payments over
600% in first 18 months.

Proposed, researched and supervised development Company's e-commerce website.

Developed all PPC/SEO initiatives, designed report detailing web activity, created monthly reports utilizing Google Analytics, Clicky, etc.
to ascertain campaign efficiency, web traffic and sales percentages and to identify emerging industry trends to Company President Re-
