BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

Highlights

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SKILLS

Identify and capitalizing on opportunities.

Understanding customer requirements.

Networking in a professional manner.

Developing key relationships.

Identifying important decision makers.

Maximizing revenue at every opportunity.

Knowledge of how to get past the screening processes and to be abke to contact important decision makers. MANAGERIAL SKILLS
Comprehensive understanding of the intemal processes and organizational structure of businesses.
Understanding key business drivers.

Analyzing and solving problens.

Taking charge of long term projects.

Able to review the time and resources spent with a prospect client against the retum on investment.
Taking responsbility for personal development.

schivor anes

January 2014

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Business Development Mamger

CW Eearavremoisuineecenicrrenuaid oekibantoninae ll leigrelatlaneksattieutic et aealinnacnaieem@Alcem kar sisuctee
providing clients with a service that continually delivers significant value and meets their needs. Duties:

¢ Generating new business both in face to face meetings and over the phone.

© Identify prospective clients and contacting them.

* Replying to all prospective new and current client enquiries in a timely and accurate manner.

¢ Making a high murber of daily outbound calls to prospective new clients.

© Completing all documentation and administrative records, filly and accurately.

* Maintaining a database ofall contacts.

January 2012

to

January 2014

Company Name City , State Business Development Mamger

* Manage new and existing accounts and develop them to their fullest potential to ensure consistent recurring revenues. Also in charge of
providing clients with a service that continually delivers significant value and meets their needs. Duties:

Generating new business both in face to face meetings and over the phone.

Identify prospective clients and contacting them.

oo eee OPS ness eul es LObA TT Ratacoimel enmaee PCR PRU eva E leat cB tata

Making a high murber of daily outbound calls to prospective new clients.

Completing all documentation and administrative records, filly and accurately.

Maintaining a database ofall contacts.

RET!)

to

January 2012

OO INANE O MAE CP alee Dice /eueliunegnieLem Oi cBeiL eric mr OKenl calcein ae raNenrasibuay ernie
day-to-day finance department activities, including accounting, reporting, billing, credit card processing, collections, cash management, budgeting,
forecasting, payroll, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and human resources, for five office locations.

RENT ala arate

to

RET!)

Company Name City , State Budget/Project Accountant Coordinated and led the annual budget process. Developed and managed the
mmintenance of budget monitoring and evaluttion systems. Analyzed budget patterns and project expenditures based on statistical data. Conferred
with internal and external administrative offices to ensure compliance with required procedures. Provided instruction and answered questions
relating to budget procedures as a liaison between departments.

January 2006

to

RENT ala arate

Company Name City , State Accountant Performed the full spectrum of accounting fimetions, including audit testing and preparing tax returns for
both individuals and businesses. Conducted monthly bookkeeping duties for numerous companies.

January 2000

to
