BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

With 11 years of diverse managerial and marketing experience penetrating in domestic and international markets including Manufacturing,
Engineering, Food and IT, I have honed my communication and marketing research abilities to gauge demand for products and explore new
clients. Having managed several big projects, I have leamt to maintain equanimity under pressure and achieve goals both as a cross fimctional team
Proiecmtrebncnndrs keene

Nails

Cr

Determined team player.

Versatile sales techniques.

Team Buiking

Time managenent skills with ability to prioritize results.

Proficient in PowerPoint, Word, Excel and online survey tools. MS Access, Orack basic
Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/2000/XP/Vista/NT servers, MS DOS, Linux, Mac OS X
ERP: Basic SAP V3, SAP PP, SAP MM knowkdge

Software/ Applications: Intemet Explorer, Outlook, Outlook Express, QuickBooks
Editing Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Corel Draw

(CoramleurudrannN ay SeO)iLed

Project Management Tools: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint

Experience
Spee Pa ee aneyelLay
February 2015 to May 2017 Company Nanw 1% City

¢ Responsibilities in Project I:

Cr

Closed $200 million deal for fabrication and welding work of bumers with Reliance Industries (India) in Partnership with Precision
Industries Inc.

OA OXY.\E

Oversaw all aspects ofnew plant development and after work at Rajkot (India).

Saved $20 million for Reliance Industries in bumer designs.

Supervised a team of 18 including Direct and Indirect People.

Negotiated and saved 15% on purchase cost of new welding machineries valuing $7.5 million.

Responsibilities in Project 2:.

Introduced and represented Genie, a Terex Co.

Seren elom a olor emcee ANC asec sub nam

Oversaw advertisement, promotions and sales & services ftom launch.

Sales grew by $10 million within a year and saw an increase of 5% next year.

Infitsed concept of SNAPON and ABCD report, required fromsalkes & service individuals on a weekly basis.

Championed idea of intranet site for FAQ's, Brochures, Parts List, Presentations, and Competitor info.

Led team of 20 people of Terex and Sunag for marketing, positioning and pricing strategy.

Recognized as best employee of the month for sales performance in 2015.

Developed active approach in solving client and sales issues, devising service teams and operators by appointing new local distributors.
Planned and executed a shock and awe campaign with punch line - Genie, now in India! Using concept selling approach.

Projected monthly volue, penetrations, and new business acquisitions versus company spend and met objectives.

Responsibilities in Project 3:.

COE Kon S asm Tuna cone eB bea cee ti PC iee ced bare ck CO Cm ne icom Ce Mmcerlincari Len mke om

Pesta CCM MUS RO NT WES aye LO lke

iB Ines brisi cam

Headed new sakes development team in areas of Automobiks, Petrochemical, Defense, Aviation, Railways, Machine Took, and Steel etc.
Established 5 new SKUs, one triggering $2.5 million additional sakes revenues, 15% higher than previous year.

PAC bine Pele loMme era eMeNe RUC PON

Monitor market conditions and identify opportunities for campaigns, services, distribution channels leading team of sales and marketing,
Maintained comprehensive knowledge on new technology/equipment and report to mid and senior evel management.

Study risks and potentials involved when integrating into new venture with companies.

Vitus alo emuneuniatos
July 2009 to Noverrber 2015 Company Name

Oversee life cycle from designing to after sales of 2.5HP Engine in Asian and Gulf markets.

enter nlocsunie epee celunm ear ancelance

Colkborated with engineers to improve engine fuel efficiency from 5% to 15%.

Designed new horizontal drilling machine for crankcase reducing rejections by 20%.

Renegotiated deals on crankcase with vendors and solved quality problems by appointing new vendors.
Promoted from Product Developrent Coordinator to Manager in 2011.

Hired and supervised crew of 7 for Product development of 2.5 HP engine.

Fixed problem of cracking crankcase and engine color by running prototype engine on field.
