DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Executive Profile

My goal is to use my unique collection of expertise, experience, and skills gained from my seventeen years as a construction business development
and marketing representative, five years managing a sales force, six years helping my father rum his historic home remodeling business, and my

ee cedure RopccuatbiLaligeecont Eun omen ieo cdl ited abe sees ren Si stre Rcar ceo lath Otem UTR STEL isle
growth by building productive relationships with customers, co-workers, company kadership, and other stakeholders.

Core Accomplishments

Sales and Marketing

Pie rsitceb neon BOP TBP Once ASU

¢ Increased market share from 20% to 70% in downtown Atlanta construction market in 12 months

Ce ure cocoa boning unr en Aba cee anemone unl eerie adie narcisen Tone Ke) PX)
pins ORCMa bcc}

Se eB CORE Eryn men amcor ae Ree ec tuieacirsl ad

Market Research

¢ Defined industry segrents and identified opportunities in 23 major USS. cities
© Discovered new opportunities in mature markets and developed and Ied the implerrentation of
¢ plans to capture significant market share

Pee BU Tne

SEWER lene etmecn cnn mundi gnu cientncumerc aaa co
© Successfilly grew account sizes in 23 major U.S. markets
© Trained local staffto continue the example of growing accounts through excellent client service

Professional Experience

Director of Business Development 04/2005 to 042015 Company Name City , State

Washington, DC I was called upon to develop and implement growth initiatives in the most difficult scenarios. Whether in low market share
Seo Rnteoeta bone eee ceric dl ei p encom Cat n ence Ne ene e RUooe ccna
Through my kadership and supervision, I expanded our market share in Miami, Knoxvilk, Minneapolis, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, Tulsa, Los
Angekes, Phoenix, Orlando, Denver, Tucson, Houston, New Orleans, Biloxi, New York City, Indianapolis, Binringham, Nashville, Chattanooga,
Rela ciciem\yoeeomrine Bocas en

Pol ee eect Paes eo aNlinaeoo NTN Cp ie hese ccna rcs

Se i Reed eee bia chro Release KO UO RU Ee acrinem bcs ote Or euch i sctiece ai]

building owners representing 38 buikiings. I delivered a PowerPoint presentation which Ied to the owners to insist that their building

PRON e Mae eC NAn enero KACaag el ecaM LP e MC nce BRM uu B Meiners eee

CULL Kee Cases Una ed Seok A eens ucniCb oct s neers eM Karset cone Cee cna ntare mts

would insist on using us on their projects. Using this approach, I was able to build enough relationships in the construction industry to

experience significant growth, even during a downtum in the construction market.

US ee aC eee aon Oana MUTE MAUNA UEC Uh Aed inom er ate Nm ecieatinaraninaad

CLM Eran un aCe Nee mica betel Cocca come sing nbn eb ire alneke Matiz dann ec

in under 12 months. The relationships built with general contractors and end-users Ied to expanding our market share into San Antonio,

Waco, and Dalks.

eT ee ose Gsm eee Sey PAU re aoe Roce on ics rena ouil cer bre csl precios |
Rodeo Le bartonc ECMO EM Menage oO LSCNelOmOnibnlouri ren mac heltor mere roratine Orr \flie
three months, attendance at those meetings grew fiom 8 to over 90 attendees.

Director of Business Development/Political Relations Director 01/1998 to 01/2005 Company Name North Carlolina, South Carolina, Georgia
Nota ese ene nunca cna u cm Cee yaa Ree crn D eco a icine eonengcecarned Nort}
Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia. Shortly aflerwards, I was also named the political director for the three states. During my tenure, I focused
ere eUTO reece CePA ORO CM Aarne cme Cod Pin Ronan Sam etna ORU NBT TE Cesta R NASON
Deacon Com URI PANUe nom ce lnuceceRectc eee e uNiunoe ent hesericutra nc mltans (ask treetelced
shareholder meetings of public companies in Atlanta and built personal relationships with CEO's and Directors ftom Suntrust Banks, Coca-Coh,
Georgia Pacific, Genuine Parts (NAPA), Cousins Properties, Rollins (Orkin Pest Control), Equifax, Synovus Banks, and Georgia Power.
Leveraged those relationships to secure work at projects for these cormpanies and gained introductions to the executives of other end-users to
provide even more bid opportunities. As Political Director, I endorsed and Ied bor and community groups to support the election of Shirley
Fra iB OB OMRON MLC ee DINER INS Ci AUC ORUe ALPEN L SNe ree reene cries me tinal ome iva in
the South. I also endorsed and served as labor liaison to Judge Denise Majette and used my contacts and influence to help her unseat Atlanta
political powerhouse and multi-term United States Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney.A Additionally, I endorsed and assisted the successfull
campaigns of the first Hispanic elected to the Georgia State Senate and the first Hispanic elected to the Georgia House of Representatives.
Business Manager/Account Executive 01/1995 to 01/1998 Company Name State I served as an apprentice under my father until I graduated high
school, and a house we rebuilt on Tradd Street in Charleston, South Carolina, was voted house of the decade in the 1980's by the Preservation
Society of Charleston. During and after college, I developed my love for and honed my skills in sales and management while running local
