BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR
Experience

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR.

RETe laws COR COR @Tis ronan sca N Clie BY gOS mmmCITA] Ko

Leads vision, strategy, and execution for all facets of operations and business development at a S45MM automotive dealership, with
accountability for the success of 52 employees.

¢ Credited with improving the effectiveness of the business through strong kadership and the hiring of personnel with talent and experience in

customer service, finance, and business development, yiekling increases in profit and lower costs.

ie cence ol hatching eccer kbd cna ecL onde ed nna cRliaein enna eee octte a

sales efforts whik building leadership capabilities in managers; driving revenue growth 25%.

© Maintains a daily inventory of S7.5MM in new vehicks and $1.4MM in used vehicks.

¢ Championed the adoption of DeakrSocket as the company's CRM tool, empowering 100% of the saks force to manage the pipeline of
keads and opportunities while documenting engagements with clients and prospects; directly Impacting sales revenue increase of over
SAYS

SALES MANAGER
January 2004 to January 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Launched a website and adopted secondary financing and other relationships to spark online kead generation; additionally, expanded the
dealerships marketing strategies to include digital elements that included SEO, SEM, YouTube advertising and Google AdWords while
increasing the frequency of television ads; shifting digital advertising to 50% of SIMM yearly budget.

Se eS ee Ruel as ekelRie lea icle ome MU RM Rlnk cl ani Oba bilinen cei 6 om elt
Poveom el tinned

Achieved a district-high digital sakes closing ratio of 13.2%, beating the average district ratio of 7.2% and regional ratio of 10.1%.

© Within the first year, lowered variable inventory expenses by 63% while generating a net profit of over SIM.

© Outstanding results, boosting new car profit by 37% in the first year, coupled with significant increases in Net Promoter Score with a 100%
customer issue resolution rate; recipient of the President's Award in 2011, 2012, 2014, and 2015.

Recognized as the top saks leader in the district, outperforming 14 dealerships throughout Westem and Central New York; in2018 YTD,
reached 13% increase in sales volume over the prior year while the district and the Northeast Region experienced declines.

Pioncered a shift in the business model at a leading Ford dealership from new car sales to sales of previously-owned vehicks, positioning
the company as the top-ranked dealership for Ford vehicles in the Rochester area.

Expanded the employee base from four team members to eight.

Skyrocketed annual revenue from $3.2MM to $10.8MM, translating to growth in sakes volume from 15 vehicks per month to over 50.
Incommand of $1MM inventory acquisition and product management.

Impkrented and managed 3rd party digital marketing partners; fostering increased sakes over 100% in first year.

(eran br em niysiag

COO HTN Nen LOLS HIC!
Sales Manager

COO HIN AN hen L ON MRSIHIC!
Sales Manager

COO HINA Ney L ON MRSIHIC!
Accomplishments

© Reynokis and Reynolds, DealerTrak, V-Auto, Digital Advertising Marketing & Design, Revenue Radar, AutoTrader, DealerSocket,
Vinsolutions, CRM.

 IfI could create the perfect General Manager, he/she would have all of your managenrnt, saks, and marketing qualities.”.

© Scott F., Corporate General Manager.

¢ Fuccillo Automotive Group.

Education

Bachelor of Arts Degree : Business Administration and Management EDINBORO UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA Business

Piste COs olson ens

Summary

ACCOMPLISHED SALES & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER BUILDS & LEADS STRONG TEAMS / TOP REVENUE
PRODUCER / EXCELS IN CLIENT RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT Accomplished and results-driven Sales and Business Development
PORN ere nekon ale cleo oda OMe ease Rinne CUMmESce a boicm CTP exe anime eR at anterucelylis
Expertise in building effective strategies that substantially increase revenue while improving market share and sales effectiveness; with Fuccillo Kia,
directs a team of 52 employees sustaining S45MM in annual revenue. A demonstrated record of success marked by a history of stellar revenue
growth and operational excellence with roks with market-leading corporations; credited with introducing best practices, training, and other process
improverments to bolster the effectiveness ofsaks teams. An effective communicator who leverages an unwavering commitment to excellence to
build and execute innovative sakes strategies, consistently delivering positive results in challenging and highly competitive industries. Award winning
Sales Operations Manager; Strategic Fixed and Variable Operations Director.

Nas

Account Management, ads, advertising, automotive, budget, business development, closing, Competitive, CRM, clients, customer service, Driving,
