BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

Summary

Entrepreneur and saks professional recognized by the Prince George's Charrber of Commerce and non-profit organizations as a leader in
developing strategic partnerships to acquire business growth.

Professional Experience

Company Name City , State Business Development Mamger 01/2006 to Current

© Informtion technology enterprise business operator that demonstrated profitable annual revenue.

© Researcher and statical analyst that increased financial growth 15% each quarter maximizing data analytics and customer retention software
to win new and retain existing customers.

Account manager of C-Suite Executives, Federal and State Procurement Directors and Mid size business decision makers.

Procurement strategist that acquired new business in emerging markets creating and responding to request for proposal (RFP) solicitations.
Social media marketing specialist IMM scm arc nantanenncrercteunis)t eg website, email and trade publications. A
PCO Moles cuaminra ductal Mareen kercngcaencabiskractccbanr ee.

Managed diverse and multicultural workforce to collaborate as a focused unit. A

Company Name City , State Client Services Manager 06/1996 to 07/2005

© Sales and leasing consultant that consistently received BMW's honors award for highest in the nation sales and customer service
Bro aan P em

Finance Director that achieved recognition for surpassing sales goals for financial product presentations.

Awarded product development certification. A

Relentless customer relations management (CRM) prospecting and cold calling skills to acquire new and to follow-up with existing
aI Law AY

Company Name City , State Multi-unit Franchise Operator 03/1985 to 04/1995

A Entrepreneur that acquired multiple successfill franchise units through acquisition and start up. Restauranteur that developed and sold businesses
for profit over a ten year period. Hekl key position on franchisee board responsible for direct marketing and advertising. Attributes: real-estate
lake Sper meme UN LECeTE CBEST ATLe neem cca om

Education and Training
Eee eee CRS CELL CSL en Oars Bist e ae) nay Rance es succes B Mn este Lo) BGS ASI CRESTLS
PROUT aor aeeilelced

© Informtion Management, Gained thorough knowledge of principals, concepts, analysis, design and cloud computing pertaining to
information technology.

* Communications: Enhanced public speaking and presentation techniques.
Pee UHeooaUQilescck welch emel cul erecceeinma way
© Continued studies to achieve a goal of obtaining a B.A. Degree (May 2020)

Leadership Training 2016 Department of Economics , City , State , United States On-line course study in Principals of Leadership, Organization
and Mamagement.A

Organizational Leadership 1998 From The Heart Church Ministries , City , State , USA Course work: The Psychology behind developing
interpersonal relationships.

Skills

Sales Software: Saksforce.com, TapScan

Public Relations Software: Bacon's Mediasoutce, Factiva

Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, A

Microsoft Office 365 (Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Word, Access)A
PF Xooen niece MEN ase SNL Ole aS el cM BEAD
Occupational Safety- OSHAA -10A

Federal Energy Management Professional (FEMP)

Web - Design HTTMLA.

Activities and Honors

2010 - 2015 - Board Member, Prince George's Chamber of Commerce

Pb. bee UC roc Mtooin amr Ras rieslsiing Berries

PIPER urrek ny LO tn Wome Occ BEC Toe ctr

2015 - 2017 - Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments (MWCOG) - Governmental Affairs Outreach A

2014 - 2016 - Congresswoman Donna Edwards - Business Advisory Board 2014-2016-Prince George's County Public Schools (PGCPS)
Suppliers Development Board
