BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary

Experienced sales professional and effective leader. Currently a sales professional for CT of Wolters Kluwer. Highly motivated, self driven, result-
oriented consultant Tenacious new business prospecting, selling, negotiating and closing skills Skillfal verbal and written communication skills
including the ability to present to an executive-level audience Passion for gaining personal relationships with clients Strong understanding and use of
strategic selling techniques Former professional athlete

schivor anes

RU WER @racans

Business Development Manager Company Name

© Consulted with C-level executives to develop and implement an effective, enterprise-wide strategy that maximizes the value delivered by

solutions in order to ensure success with key initiatives Developed and conducted effective presentations with contract decision makers (c-

level) Accountable for the entire sales cycle ftom prospecting to closing deals, forecasting, and strategic planning July 2015 - March 2017 -

Business Development Manager Wolters Kluwer/CT Corporation FY 2016 104.4% for CT Corporation FY 2016 #1 Business

Development Manager on Law Firm Segment Team FY 2015 109% for CT Corporation Primary responsibility for driving profitable

customer acquisition and sales growth Responsible for developing and implementing relationships with existing customer base as well as

pursuing new customers of representation and compliance services, formation/qualification services, and other on demand services Leverage

strategic planning in order to optimize revenue generation of sales efforts Participate in collecting and evaluating performance metrics by

participating in in-depth and on-going analysis of departrrental services, processes, and customer preferences; understanding the overall

needs of the law firm channels and what factors contribute to success; assist with monitoring department metrics; assisting in the

identification of relationships and trends in the data as well as factors influencing results; contributing to the development of solutions to

maintain or improve customer satisfaction, increase revenue and/or decrease expenses.

May 2012 - July 2015 - Tampa & Southwest Florida Territory Manager LexisNexis Successfiilly camed 2 Circk of Excellence company

trips for achieving top sales results (2010, 2011).

Eamed the Best Sales Tearning Award for the Region (2011).

© FY 2014 Over 100% for LexisNexis FY 2012 Over 100% for LexisNexis Qualified and eamed a Top Performer’s Trip (2012 and 2014).

Created and implemented effective account/territory plans that included; developing and implerrenting a sales strategy considering new

business growth, managing all resources necessary to drive new business; forecasting revenue; developing key contacts and business

relationships within a new account including influential individual and high level decision makers.

Identified and qualified opportunities in order to successfully advance them through selling process to close.

Consistently identified and communicated effectively with executives or other high level officials to articulate competitive differentiators and

provide a solution-based sales presentation.

¢ Established and maintained excellent customer relationships at all evels, and acted as a liaison between sales support and our customers to
ensure a positive onboarding process.

* Developed strategic sales plans using business analysis took to identify and track revenue trends, recognize sales opportunities, target
specific sales activities, and analyze competitive threats within my territory.

© January 2010 - April 2012 - Michigan & South Dakota Account Executive (Dayton, Ohio) LexisNexis FY 2011 Over 100% for
LexisNexis FY 2010 Over 100% for LexisNexis Secured the largest POS contract in the history of LexisNexis as an Account Executive
($75,123).

© Created and implemented effective account/territory plans that included; developing and implerenting a sales strategy considering new

business growth, managing all resources necessary to drive new business; forecasting revenue; developing key contacts and business

relationships within a new account including influential individual and high level decision makers.

Identified and qualified opportunities in order to successfully advance them through selling process to close.

Established and maintained excellent customer relationships at all evels, and acted as a liaison between sales support and our customers to

ensure a positive onboarding process.

Customized pricing proposals that matched the LexisNexis solutions to the prospective customer's business needs.

Developed strategic sales plans using business analysis tools to identify and track revenue trends, recognize sales opportunities, target

specific sales activities, and analyze competitive threats within my territory.

02/1998 to 12/2009

Executive Director Company Name
TEL m Ome PAU)

Assistant Soccer Company Name

© Responsibilities included identification, analysis and recruitment of student athletes, planning and execution of practices, player skill
development, academic monitoring and counseling supporting a Division I college soccer program

© November 1994 - May 1998 Professional Athlete (Soccer Player) Ohio Cincinmati Siverbacks of the NPSL (National Professional Soccer
League) Dayton Dynamo of the NPSL Columbus Xogez (USISL).

11/1994 to 02/2005
Director Company Name

* Dayton's largest and most comprehensive youth soccer organization.

¢ Only Coach in the history of the state to eam highest coaches honor twice (2006, 2009) Manage the activities of 150 coaches, trainers and
RResertersliste cm

* Team leader for presentations delivered one-on-one and in both small and large group settings.
