BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER MANAGER
Professional Summary

Dynamic Marketing Manager with more than 7 years in the Sales Management and Territorial Marketing Industries. Creative and innovative team
phyer with compelling leadership skills. Highly customer service oriented with excellent written and verbal communication skills which enhance the
customer service experience. Excels in deadline-driven account management with an established track record of remarkable sakes results.

schivor anes
Business Development Center Manager , 08/2017 to 10/2018 Company Name 1% City , State

* Achieving daily-weekly and monthly goals and objectives.

© Making 75-100 outbound calls per day.

© Initiating and Responding to customers with 40-60 emuils per day.

© Working ina computer based management tool.

© Setting a volume of appointments daily.

© Following up with customer vehicle inquiries efficiently to maximize opportunities.
CEE Cilca WR We CnUcy ecko eR Cert

Internet Sales Manager , 12/2016 to 03/2017 Company Name 1% City , State

© Maintained a 94% average of leads answered in <15>

3 minute average answer time per lead.A

Worked flexible schedule and from home office to insure precise customer lead follow up

Provided expert product and service information.

Delivered 5 Units during first week of hire

Sitti lacs) cjney  ortieb neni ceke alleen riicae neil ashy

SiMiecuco muesli ulema celts nekkawor elas

Partner with the Financial Services Departrent to develop and coordinate best practices for the most efficient and effective sakes approach

Saks Consultant , 12/2016 to 08/2017 Company Name 14 City , State

© Contributed to repeat and referral business by using strong customer service and problem solving skills.
Maintained a 98 % custorrer service satisfaction rating per KIA Performance Center.

Worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels.

Organized items in visually appealing manner.

Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses.

Developed and executed sales promotions.

Provided expert product and service information.

Community Donation and Outreach Manager - Eastem CT Territory , 05/2016 to 12/2016 Company Name 1% City , State

© Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.
* Worked effectively ina heavily cross-fimctional, fast paced environment.

© Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales and inventory-taking.

© Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service.

* Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.

© Built partnerships with local organizations to increase company offerings and improve services.

« Established 54 A new accounts in only 6A months through successfil client development.

Membership and Marketing Manager-Eastem CT Territory , 07/2014 to 05/2016 Company Name i City, State

© Managed 22 towns in CT with over 5000 girls and 3000 adults.

© Attended and participated in community meetings and groups

© Colkborated with probation officers, school representatives and other key individuals in the community to support children and their families
© Facilitated activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth.

¢ Worked with an average of 20 students per program

© Trained program staff to deliver outstandingA A educational and creative programming,

Loss Prevention and Operations Manager , 08/2013 to 07/2014 Company Name i City , State
© Ensures highest evel of compliance in and the execution of company sponsored training programs for all employees.

¢ Responsible for the protection of company assets through multiple avenues of Loss Prevention.
© Maintained high average (90-95%) audit stores compared to the company average (82%).

Lead Sales Associate - Part Time , 08/2013 to 07/2014 Company Name 1% City , State
* Exceeding company sales standards within my first month (7.9% increase to projected sales budget).
