BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ANALYST
ASrarenctad

Tamseeking career as Product Control Analyst ina diverse and multinational company that value integrity, courage, good leadership disposition,
enthusiastic kaning, teamwork, and performance; where my comprehensive academic experience in finance, accounting, investment and
mmmnagernnt can be effectively utilized.

PS annuniey

Superior time management

Financial accounting and control managerrent

Financial analysis and reporting

MS Office Suites and QuickBooks PMS tclouemneBiesnesl be atimeceree Bereta iiicd
; © Proficient in SAP (FICO)

PXVotreccReon stamina OMe icccre ace Rcleacery

, en Secu

Analytical and problem solving abilities Pas ee ere en

COs) mln suranuiskeccrtelheekeln ger]

Accomplishments

Led the developrrent of two financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency of two giant Oil and gas companies.

Experience
Business Developnent Analyst
PAT UPA PAC ROT oa Ob SNELL OLS MCI HLcy

Managed budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.

Analyzed kegal docurrents, including wills, insurance policies and corporate contracts.

Pes b Ravel com eodmlncSrreniiinasnarenineaaneicn

Coordinated with underwriters, lenders, loan managers and securitization teams to manage portfolios.

Oversaw investment portfolio analysis, file maintenance and broker verification.

Po orceb caret come Manel caren me tmeeocieceO Niet RMlnol son nsec cD Ne LoMueH ee Og
additional business prospects with established clients.

Planned strategic brand-building events to expand the product portfolio.

Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs.

CON ee MeuoiialccercG rite nlc@iteronsieslveiciemy tl suet brcetiice

Answered customer questions regarding products, prices and avaihbility.

Cronus ana CHO m rr ciuliicke loans ciuenanue «muss laletelecaineesic os com

Developed strategies and processes that increased patronage and customer base of the company Effectively managed the development, and
hy anennuecesuoLoe se usicnntedte dew voltae srecn on mneb on kiclou esa aaiieralsonemisiaren
Maintained strong relationships with existing accounts and develop new accounts Prepared proposals, and managed various meetings and
presentations to potential customers Provided quotes to customers, process premium payment, and issued policy update.

Correction and Family Liaison Officer (Part Time)
July 2009 to Current Company Name i City , State

¢ Routinely reviewed housing assignments and reassigned inmates when needed.

© Informed inmates and visitors of ruks, safety and security procedures and responsibilities. Maintained daily logs of shift activity.

 Diligently impkerent visitation, safety, security rules, procedures, and precautionary measures Received and inspected muil, property and
supplies from visitors on behalf of designated inmates Directed the activities of inmate working on maintenance, operations, and other
projects Prepared, processed and mintained fonns, reports, logs, records and activity journals Compkted new intakes paperwork,
Keay cmc Peabo bed EEC edn ey) eM ccm

Oto maar cwaccudsl
July 2009 to July 2012 Company Name i% City, State

© Performed registers audit, assisted in preparing and maintaining inventory records Supervised front end cashiers and organized the store,
including the checkout desk and displays Operated cash registers and processed gift cards, coupons, and all payment modes with accuracy
Performed sak opening and closing procedures, including counting of cash register Effectively handled customer relations issues and in
