BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE

Professional Overview

Over five years of experience in Business Operations and a Master Degree in International Commerce and Policy with the ability to execute
Strategic Leadership, Direct-to-Consumer Marketing, Risk Management, and Strong Executive Communication Skills across all organizational

ao
Skills
: Fronealaneisis ee DcrVestrcrics
Parone pene een ¢ Process development
aan © Business recovery and sustainability
© Industrial coverage knowledge ron etn penta
: eas ee aan Cases bopwelamenicatied
as Rey MEO) onesies sit ot)
« Accounts Payabke/ReceivableA.
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Business Development Associate 11/2015 to Current

Identifying trendsetter ideas by researching industry and related events, publications, and announcements; tracking individual contributors
and their accomplishments.

© Locating or proposing potential business deals by contacting potential partners; discovering and exploring opportunities.

Screening potential business deals by analyzing market strategies, deal requirements, potential, and financials; evaluating options; resolving
internal priorities; recommending equity mvestments.

Develop negotiating strategies and positions by studying integration ofnew venture with company strategies and operations; examining risks
and potential; estimating partners’ needs and goal.

* Credited for playing key role in generating over $200,000A per year in revenues.

Surpassed annual quota by 110%.
Identified $125000 in revenue opportunities by collaborating with distribution partners.

Company Name City , State Trade Agreements Negotioations and Compliance Intem 03/2014 to 08/2014

* Support Enforcement and Compliance senior staffon U.S.Trade Policy
* Developrent and implementation ofA Trade AgreementsA by helping to ensure that foreign governments comply with their obligations

under the agreements to which the United States is party.

Provide support to keadership on policy and negotiation analysis for key trade agreements as well as work with all global market regional
offices to develop new initiatives to increase role of minorities in global commerce as well as strengthening governmental institutions to have
sustainable economic and social growth in developing countries.

© Served as a representative of International Trade Administration at North America Steel Committee.
* Responded to citizens’ comphints and requests for information and services.
© Cultivated close working relationships with other municipalities and governmental agencies.

Company Name City , State Associate 05/2010 to 10/2015

© Authoritatively recruited and directed more than 40 staff members.

Held responsbility for all hotel operations, including customer service, sales, housekeeping, financial accountability and regulatory
compliance.

Served as crucial participant in executing annual quality audit.

Personally, ensured activity of Key Control Program.

[An erect em@ ar aneMint Maribel siiaasleseatiragci len

PDicttec essences d coreca icles siete CoN bea Cal MCN Len m el s1ee OUP ecm tcre GneeeB Sete atNZiN

Created and nurtured a property environment that emphasizes motivation, empowenmrent, teamwork, continuous improvement and a passion
elena tlieca arom

Secured $35000 in room sakes for the 2015 fiscal year.

® Gathered and analyzed data for studies and reports and made recommendations based on findings.
Ca DicliccbtriRoclccomnonmeicrsicm ia bennunicerecke eminacat em iitsuaer ice

Company Name City , State Sales Leader 02/2007 to 01/2010

Served as knowledge resource for store management regarding team-building, financial managerrent and business development activities &
(hejteuhsecm

Diligently practiced stringent Quality Assurance and ensured adherence to highest standards.

Produced comprehensive strategic profitability- enhancerrent plans for territory stores.

Identified issues, analyzed findings, and formulated appropriate strategies to increase profitability of multiple stores.

Task included oversight and evaluation of Financial forecast reports.

Built relationships with customers and the community to establish long-term business growth.

Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.

Promptly resolved all customer requests, questions and comphints.
