BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
Summry
Process oriented Data Analyst and Delivery Lead with 5+ years proven track record of analyzing Business Intelligence to increase top Ine and
bottom line of the business vertical, Reduced costs of manufacturing signaling systems by 10% and increased sales by 25% by analyzing operating
data. Closely worked with business clients and SMEs to colkct, clarify and translate business requirements into fimctional and technical
requirements. Demonstrated logical and strategic thinking, leadership and organizational skills, contingency planning and adaptability to new
technologies. Distinguishing ability to simultaneously manage multiple Clients, work closely with the Leadership teamand be a complete Team
Player, to successfiilly design, implement and deliver complicated projects against challenging deadlines, whilst keeping the teams in syne and
motivated. Pursuing MS in Information Systems in Big Data Analytics and looking to leverage skills and experience to grow in the field of Data
PAT Led aaenul yuna une ee aici echt auc ote
Skils

Ce anon)

case)
Java
ie
Excel
Tabkau
Statistical Analysis
Multiple Linear Regression
Loran DOr. Wale)yy
Sa icce Eee l(c

Experience
Business Developnent Executive Nov 2011 to Jun 2014
Company Name

re CRM mube Lani iuccp cena ccs ona amano nucecdeloarirance walred soe mNcrne tea TRIES Ng

ersheblee Rear orca Comm occeskigeohiuaasa ras Nom

SOURCE ei g erred noc Bire cnenclontine Rea usa tire Seal atid eee tonto) RIT one Cra ntl cai

processes and dividing inspection stage in to steps.

SN Saelenunnco bom ig chad cedkote ana caries ide annonce

¢ Managed muttiple (5+) vendors to ensure on time delivery.

* Closely monitored quality issues using statistical analysis, achieving 98% first pass rate which resulted in increasing profit margin by 11 % in
comparison with initial projection.

Lead a team involved in Transfer of Teclmology between the Client and the Organization.

Me SE Horm EOP aurenge ts ona ycirecd

Delivery Lead Jan 2009 to Feb 2011

Managerent Trainee Sep 2008 to Dec 2008

LO sina rline

Education and Trainng

GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY 1% City , State

Master of Science , Information Systems July 2018 J. Mack Robinson Colkge of Business Information Systems

VISWESWARAIAH TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY iM City ,, India

Bachelor of Engineering , Information Science June 2008 Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering Information Science

Interests

Worked for upliftment of multiple orphanages in Mysore, India as part of INTERACT club (Wing of Rotary Club) from 1998-2000. Founder
Menber of placement service committee ILLUMINATI during undergrad. Actively involved in Go Green initiatives at Kaynes Technology

ea Oi BOSS LO eda Cor nM hoe Tice ian) oncat lb web tive sa L@els ect orem

Sas

Business Developnent, BI, Client, clients, delivery, dimensions, Documentation, ERP, inspection, ARERR Re Bate osu am Dicca la
Excel, 98, Process Control, processes, profit, Project management, Python, quality, sales, SQL, Statistical Analysis, Sum, supply chain, Tableau,
Vendor Management

PXilheo sl Pelt tony

¢ EXTRA CURRICULAR Worked for upliftment of multiple orphanages in Mysore, India as part of INTERACT club (Wing of Rotary
Club) ftom 1998-2000. Founder Member of placement service committee ILLUMINATI during undergrad. Actively involved in Go Green
initiatives at Kaynes Technology including Vehicle Emission Check drives and Tree Planting initiatives along with local Municipal
Leer Lo om
