DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

BS ania}

Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and Access. Solid skills on the internet and retrieving informtion and research.
schivor anes

Director of Business Development Jan 2009 to Current

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Establish sales, marketing and outreach within the workers’ compensation, law, health care and vocational rehabilitation industries.
Created entire business-to-business sales strategy and marketing fimetion for the business.

Interact with providers, third party administrators, msurance companies, attomeys and other referral sources.

Make personal on-site visits and educate and train clients on all services.

Promote the business throughout the Central Pennsylvania and Philadelphia region.

Develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective clients.

Create presentations, e-mail and online marketing campaigns, web site development and print marketing materials.

Director Jan 1997 to Jan 2008
Company Name i City , State

© Business Retention and Expansion Program Directed the Business Retention and Expansion Program in this newly created position.

© Visited senior management of 175 businesses each year to market the EDC and assess business needs in the local economy and the
Selb a Conceem

© Visited businesses including health care, manufacturing, insurance and real estate.

© Provided and presented analysis of key information and resources.

Key responsibilities included representing the EDC in the regional commumity through education and training sessions, marketing the

program, developing prospect lists, securing visits, and managing and analyzing and interpreting the data.

Assisted in fimdraismg and growing the membership of EDC.

* Coordinated volunteers and researched leading companies in Lancaster County to target for membership, assisted in making visits and

calling on prospective member businesses and securing support.

Established key contacts and tears in all areas of the business community.

Owner Jan 1995 to Jan 1998
Company Name i City , State

* Established a gift basket business specializing in corporate design.
© Responsible for marketing, selling, and creating customized gift baskets.
© Member of networking group that met monthly to generate sales leads.

Med gies ona cue ee RO REUB OLE
Company Name i City , State

* Managed the government affairs activities of'a 3000+ vohinteer membership organization.

Fast paced and highly visible position accountable to the President.

Supervised 4 employees and three main areas of the Chamber in addition to Government Affairs.

Member of Senior managerent team and responsible for staffing and personnel issues.

Researched and analyzed the impact of legishtion and regulations on the business community.

Major issues worked on included health care, product liability, workers’ compensation law, unemployment compensation, safety and
fioticeealbebcch coy

Organized over 120 volunteers throughout the business, education and workforce community.

Coordinated volunteer committee initiatives and provided guidance to the membership on key business issues.

Created special programs, activities, and educational seminars for the membership of the Chamber.

Responsible for representing the organization in Harrisburg, monitoring federal, state and local legishtive activity, initiating a political
grassroots program and effectively communicating the Chamber's position on issues to the general membership.

Manager Jan 1992 to Jan 1993
Company Name i City , State

© Directed all aspects of goverment relations including organizing volunteers and maintaining an active presence in Harrisburg.

© Lobbied the Pennsylvania General Assembly on key legislative and regulatory issues, such as workers’ compensation, healthcare, tort
reform, unemployment compensation and hurmn resource and workforce issues.

© Managed Executive Roundtable Meetings for member company volunteers.

© Responsible for organizing and coordinating volunteers, guest speakers, luncheons, sales and marketing of all meetings.

* Over 75 meetings held per year with over 200 professionals attending.

Director Jan 1989 to Jan 1992
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

¢ Established the entire research fimetion for the PBA in this newly created position.
