BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REP
Summary
Results-oriented, high-energy, ambitious marketing professional, with a successful record of accomplishments. 10+ years' experience in sales,
marketing, and business development. Passionate, skilled social media expert with five years of experience managing professional social media
accounts and content marketing. Major strengths include strong team leadership, excellent communication skills, competency, versatility, attention
to detail, as well as supervisory skills including hiring, termination, scheduling, traning, and other administrative tasks. Thrives in fast-paced
environments and adheres to tight deadlines using time management. Thorough knowledge of current and emerging digital marketing trends with a
ckar vision to accomplish company goals. Proven ability to drive company growth and brand awareness through creative and highly effective
communications. Recognized by co-workers and managers for being a positive, self-starter with an exceptional work ethic and the ability to multi-
task. Three years of working in a virtual environment while maintaining a record of exceeding monthly goak.

schivor anes

Company Name Septerrber 2015 to July 2017 Business Development Rep

lena El CG

¢ Reached daily goal set by the company 90% of each month by generating warm kads for contracted vendors sales teams who provide
business technology services.

© Met revenue and lead generation goals by means of proactive outbound prospecting making 200+ calls per day.

© Used strong selling and influencing skills to qualify an average of 10-15 quality leads per day.

© Logged customer contacts and exceptional notes in company CRM, Halo.

* Attended sales meetings, vendor training, local trade shows to stay current on technology and SaaS.

Company Name January 2015 to February 2017 City , State

* Created and managed new social media profiles for Drycon Carpets Nashville and within 3 months they achieved the highest month of sales

in June 2016.

In July 2016 the sakes increased by 22%.

Planned and executed successful SEO and PPC campaigns using AdSense and AdWords.

Impkmented current marketing trends within digital strategies for projects throughout various industries.

Designed responsive, user-friendly websites for clients i various B2B and B2C industries to build brand awareness, increase online traffic

PR Glo eh LON Neb tapes Sc RTM (o ilu ecCMe Lae RO BaceNmel ate rete

Impkmented and managed SEO best practices for websites, social media posts, blogs and other online content.

DOD oon sod cet Geneeiciemici ca arr Ihe RL cbed

Created and implemented autonmted emuil marketing campaigns using MailChimp, Hubspot, and AWeber.

Created, managed, and/or updated social media presence including industry specific content and optimized posts by using Hootsuite, Buffer,

and Co-Scheduk.

* Optimized and planned successfill online marketing ads to targeted audiences based on budget spend provided by clients via Facebook
Ads, Twitter Ads, Instagram.

Company Name March 2008 to May 2014 Business Development Coordinator
lena El CG

© Responsible for on-boarding and operations: 4 new customers in 2012 that represented over $2.25M of the annual revenue and 10 new
oe PA RRO ps iekuentrouten On Lekeecin a LOU aR ROW AW iLei Carr sLceM Rem EDR E Cm CU Ca Come) a8

Key account relationship management for top 3 fulfillment customers: saved $400,000 of business to competitive threat, despite 4% higher
pn cem

Worked cross-fimetionally with IT and operations to implement B2B solutions that were client specific.

Oversight of margin management, impacting a 1.25% improverrent in profitability in a competitive whoksale distribution business.
Achieved new account sales quota 6 out of 7 years at 97.5% to plan.

Ceo HOOP EI ECg te Seca inucLeOlbi scl ciineleel ences B Ulipenece ben Rite precni cee nes) OVS LCcl eee
diya

Assisted in designing literature, webinar content, education materia, and intemalexternal communication of value proposition to
prospective customers, still utilized today.

Managed enrollment and booth set-up for multiple trade association/shows per year.

Recruited 28 multi-million dollar distributor accounts over 3 years.

Co-mamaged travel and expense budget to plan in excess of SS6K annually.

Coordinated travel and support required to service high profile customers.

Briefed VP of Business Developrrent on day-to-day issues affecting business development and identified areas of opportunity and
improvenent.

© Designed and created marketing collateral for sales meetings, trade shows and company executives, saving NDC thousands of dollars on
creative outsourcing each year.

Impkiented and evolved high-impact strategies to target new business opportunities and tap into new markets.

Developed and improved marketing and promotional opportunities for nom-traditional markets and new/existing member recruitment.
Monitored market conditions, product innovations, competitor activity, and adjusted sales approach to address latest market developments
SS rilRencthecesie eB ib Mtveds leet cm

Delivered exceptional customer service to existing accounts and prospects to strengthen custorrer loyalty.

Provided executive level administrative duties as needed including .
