BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE
Summary
Tappreciate your time! I ama high performing and advanced sales professional of 10 years that can benefit your company. I know I would be a
great asset to your company and here are a few of my thoughts why: I have 10 years of experience in sakes and customer service, both in the auto
and the software industry. In both avenues, I thrive to take on the consultant role to do what is best to serve the client and advance the company
that I work for ina solution based approach. I know that value of organization, tracking my progress, and making goals to grow by, and identifying
with the customer's needs and challenges. In my current role at Thomson Reuters as an inside technical sales representative, I have sold almost $3
million in sales over the last 6 years, and I have helped hundreds of accounting firms improve their technical process through knowledge of
compkx systems and software that is applied to the accounting & tax industry. I believe in strong customer relationships and exceptional customer
service. I have in depth experience working in the understanding of technology, SaaS products, technical presentations, and implementation of
advanced business solutions. I have proven to be a high achiever in this fast-paced technical sales rok. I have alo served in other capacities in my
rok ftom product support, team leadership, and achieved to be a Presidents Club Member in the 2013 calendar year as one of the top 10% in
saks for Thomson Reuters. Alo, I have 10 years' experience as a pastor, teacher, and counselor, which has flowed into my sales role to do
business with integrity, knowing how to relate to a plethora of peopl, and secking to do what is best for client success. I also have 4 years of sales
experience working for Toyota Motor Company and thrived in the knowledge of product and quality customer service under the Kaizen
Philosophy of doing business. Personally, I ama father ofseven children who believes in life balance. I aman athlete of 30 years, who has run half
marathons, excelled ona college cross country team, and has practiced the discipline of nutrition and exercises most of my adult life.
Skills
CAE Oul cousin isin mearl ecw wee ies eed]
© Tama professional that has extensive training and experience in technical sales, counseling, administration, customer service, and
keadership development. My career objective is to work as part ofa team of peopk, whose goals and ambition is to move a company
forward to success in growth and profit. I fit best ina place where creativity and vision are welcomed and technology and personal growth
thrive. I offer skills in the use of Microsoft products, leadership training, event planning, and customer service and support. I have what it
takes to create vision, establish and track goals, and becore a catalyst of influence through integrity and a positive attitude.
¢ Core Strengths
© Technical Sales Professional
© Customer Focused Service
CMe uracil circu
© Influencer, Organizer, Team Buikler
* Engaging Public Speaker

Accomplishments

Top in Core Sales in 2010 for Accounting CS.

Top in Core Sales in 2010 for Accounting CS Payroll.

2011 Awards: Top in Core Sales in 2011 for Accounting CS 2012 Awards: Top in Core Sales in 2012 for Accounting CS Payroll.
Top in Core Saks for Training Sales 2011 Bronze Saks Award in 2011 for over $300, 000 in Transition Sales of Accounting CS.
100% Quota Achievement 2012 $1S0K Revenue Increase 2012 Silver Revenue Achievers Club 2012 2013 Awards: 110% Quota
PXonaben ai

* 150K Revenue Increase.

© Platinum Revenue Achievers Club Top Units Sold for Scheduled Training 2013 Presidents Club Award.

schivor anes
Business Development Associate 01/2009 to Current Company Name City , State

© Top saks professional in my second year at Dunning Toyota averaging twice my minimum quota for the year.

* Chosen one of three sales professionals to be observed by CEO of Thomson Reuters Sales, Jim Colantino, on my personal approach and

strategy with Transition Sales.

Sales keader ina new product lunch for the first two years of Accounting CS selling over $695,000 of product, support, and training,

Member of the Presidents Club in 2013 for top sales performance of global sales professionals at Thorson Reuters.

Through a positive focus and passion for core team continuity, I was chosen by the managing staff of Thorson Reuters Tax and Accounting

to be part of the Culture Champion Team to initiate positive team dynamics and cultural change for 110 sales professionab.

Over eight years of professional sales experience with a credence of self learning and continuous growth.

Led 200 volunteers in the purchase and renovation ofa 25,000 sq.

fi.

facility to accommodate a congregation of 800 people within a 6-month period.

Supervised 5 paid support staffand 15 volunteers to sustain and support a viable non-profit organization which grew in attendance and

expanded into a neighboring town.

© Commissioned a team of 40 volunteer eaders to administrate a three-day "Woodstock-like" music festival attracting 15,000-20,000 people

annually and having a positive impact on the youth culture.

Relational Style Motivation.

Motivated a community of 2,000 volunteers to serve in multiple teams that supported an event that provided camping services, food service,

security, registration, entertainment, and seminars for an event that attracted over 20,000 participants.

© Built a relationship with the Wilmore City council that became strategic in firther advancing the growth and outreach of'a non-profit music
festival, and also provided a new relocation effort to firther advance the organization.
