GLOBAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/MARKETING

Si
Professional Account Manager trained in building strategic network ties and increasing sakes revenves. Cultivates and maintains strong customer
relationships.
Skills
, , aera NRO cee

¢ Prospecting and cok callng ° :

© Strategic account development ° te ee skills

* Team building expertise ° eee Saud

© Proven saks track record © Product training and placement

CR rekeei rien ow * Strong deal closer ;

¢ Exceptional customer service skills

Accomplishments

CESS ERI ec eenn EL e Cato E ce UNL bet ak evi en iittala eel SPAM Sn Bleek
(GigaSpaces Technologies) A G€GE<A a€<

© Turned a one thousand dollar a year territory into a one million dollar territory in just a little under 2 years. (Buzz Food Service)a€<

© Eamed the 2012 "Spirit Of Generosity Award ." Given once a year to a salesperson who demonstrated an outstanding commitment to
customer service in a way that improved both company reputation and work environment. (Buzz Food Service)

© Master of Brand Advantage/Master’s evel meat course. (Buzz Food Service)
¢ A 2006 Employee of the Year, Education, Employment and Training Department. (Goodwill of the Kanawha Valley)A

schivor anes
Global Business Development Manager/Marketing 09/2015 14 Current Company Name City , State

Grew customer base fiom 10 accounts to 35 accounts ina year'sA time .

Schock hom s Loum eicrtoelec ewe Leici 6m

Closed deals with several Fortune 500 companies.

Recognized for aggressive lead generation and work ethic.

Trained saks teams on educational products at seminars and special events.

Worked closely with company executives to identify new business opportunities.

Gathered all relevant mnterials for bid processes and coordinated bidding and contract approval.

Sales Rep. 09/2012 14 08/2017 Company Narre City , State

Grew assigned sales territory over 75%

Consistently second in sales among sales team, demonstrating ability to foster and close new business accounts.

201-2013 Employee of the Year for Generosity of Service.

One of 150 sakesmmen mationwide to complete Certified Angus Beef Masters of Brand Program.

PAO eee oe RO kt reco nom Ta tecraclccR MOST reread mae

€< Grew customer base from SA accounts to 60 accounts ina little under two years .

&€< Collaborated with other account managers to prepare and deliver performance updates and quarterly business reviews.

4€< Ranked in top 5 % of sakes representatives out of 10 representatives in the West Virginia, Kentucky and Ohio A region.
CP AY rm reerscctt Ratirt hel ob syconecslop tnd Reevuccoee int ar acm
Oe Msenccebets trent neha
¢ A Answered customers’ questions about products prices, avaibbility, uses and credit tens.
ae
Instruction and Job Development Coordinator 05/2005 4 10/2011 Company Name City , State
© 2006 Employee ofthe Year, Education, Employment and Training Department. (Goodwill of the Kanawha Valley)

© Managed a team of 10 job coaches to assist clients with disabilities eam and maintain employment.
