DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

[Oouw reels

Business Development Award-winning sales & marketing executive with extensive experience in growing and exceeding sales in multi-million dollar
business operations in the food and beverage industries, financial services, and phanmaceutical industries. Pragmatic and results orientated, with a
focus on bottom line results, and have a proven track record of achieving and exceeding the standards of performance set out for any sales
project. Skilled in utilizing teclnology as a tool to improve organizational efficiency. Secking an executive management position in Business

Peto yon ena

Sumnnry of Skils

Skills Experience Total Years Last Used

Microsoft Office Suite Expert

OTe an ee a a cee ce onalg

FNC) Oi cesL CRS SLU eG

Microsoft Project Expert

Professional Experience
03/2014 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Responsibility for growing the Baptist Portfolio of eleven outpatient facilities in the Fort Lauderdak market.

© Developed business plans and initiatives to assess new markets, and analyze business opportunities.

© Developed programs that are aimed at improving relationships with physicians by understanding practice pattems, promoting relevant new
services, and providing training,

© Cultivated strategic partnerships to develop and enhance business alliances for Baptist Health South Florida BHSF).

© Evaluated and analyzed sales data and provide recommendations to overall business planning strategies.

* Actively worked with cross-fimctional teams to meet sales goals according to P&L.

een eC
Director of Business Development Company Name 14 City , State

Formed strategic partnerships and negotiated contracts with mass retailers and distributor's which resulted in the Greenie Tots product line
being sold in national Fortune 500 accounts.

* Managed the saks and marketing departrent, which consisted of employees and vendors.

© Conducted and oversaw recruitment & training and development Developed new retail and institutional accounts nationwide by prospect
identification, execution, proposal development, proposal delivery and contract negotiation.

Strategically positioned the Greenie Tots brand to be recognized as superior to the national brands which resulted in increased market share
Bie Gel Lenape eVigyalecte et Mce

the well established national brands and other major industry players.

Oversaw the online /retail marketing campaigns that resulted in increased traffic to the company website/store and increased brand
awareness at the retail evel.

© Developed company wide incentive performance plan which motivated staffand resulted in a 200% increase in sakes.

Managed new and existing accounts by constantly developing new strategies to help them reach their fill potential and to ensure consistent
Female riitee cance bom

08/2003 to 03/2013
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative 2 Company Nan i City , State

Responsibke for a portfolio of billion dollar revenue medications including LipitorA®, ViagraA®, CekebrexA®, LyricaA®, ChantixA®,
ToviazA®, and PremarinA® to increase market base and change physician prescribing habits.

Effectively leveraged resources within a fixed budget to increase sakes and add value to a difficult to access, high volume, urban customer
kom

© Created regionally recognized sample model for Celebrex that resulted in increased sales and reduction in sampke utilization.

© Lead by example in sales performance and territory impact, which allowed for additional Regional responsibility including advismg on
customer targeting strategy, how to effectively hunch products ina high managed care environment, and strategies to effectively differentiate
our product offering from the competition.

Impkmented strategic plan for “hard to see" physicians by understanding the intricate details of how they operated their office and well as
their compensation strategy.

Delivered effective sales presentations to doctors and key influential staff including: Primary Care, Neurology, Endocrinology, Orthopedics,
Pain Managerent, Podiatry, OB-GYN's, Dermatology, & Gastroenterologists Conducted managed care pull-through initiatives for plans
including Humna, Aetna, Cigna Medicaid, & United Built relationships with key P&T members which attributed to positive formulary
acceptance of the following products: Relpax, Bextra, Celebrex, & Lyrica.

Product Experience: Aricept, Bextra, Caduet, Celebrex, Chantix, Exubera, Lipitor,Premarin, Pristiq, Relpax, Toviaz, & Viagra
WinnerFlorida South Turn Up The Heat Contest, Top Performer Award (2007, 2006,2005,& 2004).

eer est
Inte Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Develoned and maintained monthly exnense budect renorts for entire Mameed Care sakes force (NHO1 to evalinte buddeet snending &
