BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE

Professional Summary

Highly motivated and intelligent professional utilizing highly refined sales, marketing, and managerial skills to grow revenue and profits. Yearly
ranked in the top 5% of saks performers by employing a strategic vision to increase revenue and profits in assigned markets. Extensive experience
selling Business-to-Business information technology and print advertising services in the Cincinnati and Columbus metropolitan areas. Clientele
ranges in size from multi-billion dollar, multinational, firms like Procter and Garrbke (P&G) and Reed Elsevier (LexisNexis), and snmller
organizations like Greater Cincinnati Water Works and Comnir. Proficient with many software productivity suites like MS Office, and Customer
Relationship Management (CRM) tools like ACT!, Goldmine, and Salesforce.com Sales methodologies include many custonyproprietary systems
POAolncR brine amerles iy cibedo ay

schivor anes

January 2013

to

feTsvang

Company Name City , State Business Development Executive

© Responsible for selling IT converged infrastructure consulting services, hardware and software solutions in the Greater Cincinnati area.
* PCMS isa Microsoft Gold Partner who specializes in Cloud and On-Premise technology, including Office 365, SharePoint, Lyne and
PEO Taleo

Proven experts in Staff Aug, Helpdesk, and project based work.

My customer base includes companies such as Intelligrated, KAO, Great Oaks, Schulman, Hilltop Basic Resources, Luxoitica, etc.
REN Cet Ea menace euch ulete Lap ect coy

Mentored new sales representatives Consistently met all activity-based objectives including client meetings, client inches, candidate
interviews, client interviews, and candidate submissions.

Responsible for over | million dollars in revenue.

Added additional billing consultants in the first month representing 25% of the company revenue.

© The average bill rate was $150/hour with a 32% gross margin.

January 2011

to

January 2013

Company Name City , State Business Development Executive

* Responsible for selling IT services to the Cincinnati, Dayton and N.

Caribe aanraiicam

I amakso responsible for new and ongoing marketing initiatives.

Star Base specializes in 3 areas - IT Talent on Demand, Application Developrrent and IT Strategy and Assessivents.

We have had particular success in developing open source applications and in providing IT.

Mole red ceo mnmer cic

Work with major accounts like Luxottica, Great American, Standard Register, Toyota, Cincinnati Financial, Tri Health and several other
medium to small accounts across the tri state area.

Achieved revenues over $950,000 by acquiring new accounts and maintaining existing relationships in accounts in Cincinnati, Dayton and
Northem Kentucky.

January 2008

to

January 2011

Company Name City , State National Account Manager

* Introduced the SupplyLink-Leads program to Building Product Manufacturers and National Building Distributors to generate and deliver
real-time leads through the nation's largest network of construction plan rooms.

* Achieve goals and position for long-term results, by selling consultatively, building account plans, identifying and developing leads, setting
appointrents, conducting account research, leading sales calls, and creating relationships that lead to new business opportunities for the
company.

© Consistently achieved over $500,000 in revenue annually increasing revenues year after year to companies such as Pella Windows,
Caterpillar, Anixter, Gexpro, Rexel, Ingersoll Rand, Simplex Grinnell, etc.

RENT ala arate

to

January 2008

Company Name Account Manager

¢ Identified opportunities, created strategic marketing plans, and sold project-based and value added information technology services to
Fortune 100 clients.

* Developed new buying relationships within customer base, and developed new clients through networking and coll calling.

¢ Achieved $4+ million in revenue with a $760+K gross margin,

© Fullsupervisory responsibilities for 30+ direct reports (average wage S78K) including Project Managers, Business Analysts, SQA Analysts,
