BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Career Overview
Career Overview: Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.
Automptive/ Motor Vehicle, Healthcare A Phanmacy Technician. Experience: Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 20 years client
interface experience. I have experience working in automotive industry for the past 15 years. Qualified Customer Service Manager offering a
record of successfil job performance, proven problem solving ability and experience developing and implementing innovative solutions. Call
Center Representative versed in customer support in high call volume environments. Superior computer skills and telephone etiquette. As a
Pharmacy Technician with 1 year of retail pharmacy experience. Self Starter with knowledge of Medicaid and Medicare procedures.
Hardworking, Multitask Oriented, Organized, Service Driven, Dependable, Committed, Customer Focused, Dedicated, Detail Oriented
Experience, Focused and Gifted. Relocation: At this time relocation would not be good for me, but in the fiture is possible. Hourly Rate $ 18.00
Salary: Open Core aust Customer Service Expert, Adaptive Team Player, Excellent Telephone Etiquette. Creative problem solving, Critical
thinking, Customer service, Data collection, Data entry, Documentation, Email, Executive management support, Filing, Grammur, Strong
Organizational Skills.
Core Strengths

© Sharp probkmsolver

Cr aetemiiatiegsells}

© Energetic work attitude

© Customer service expert

¢ Adaptive team phyer

Taye a ele aibseavani ea See Qce a LeCR eee bee Mec oaeccareckot at etiselwen cctiebe sae

Accomplishments

harp problem soherActive listening skillsEnergetic work attitudeCustomer service expertAdaptive team player.
ae

Aug oanan at acs

Business Development Manager Jan 2009 to Jan 2011

Company Name i City , State

Problem Solver, Energetic Work Attitude.

Fee CLR OLAS OMAN LAMM LLOL SCCM EMO LN POLL ORCC EOL CORRS SL hoc RCSL
tasks, working overtime as needed.

Market Research * Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.

Customer Service *Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

Computed Data Reports, *Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.

Work Experience Customer Service Call Center, May 2011 to Jul2012 Airport Marina Ford, Organized weekly sales reports for the sales
department to track product success. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphinis. los angeles
California Customer Service Call Center Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified time frames.

Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

Addressed customer service inquiries ina timely and accurate.

Maintained up to date records at all times.

Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.

Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.

Built customer loyalty by placing followup calls for custorers who reported product issues.

Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow.

Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

Customer Representative Jan 2008 to Jan 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Developed new customer prospects or referral. outbound and inbound phones calls , invite customers to our dealership for new
promotions.

Following keads and making appointments for service department.

Oversea my departirents, making sure my coworkers were phcing calls, setting up appointments and making follow ups for show and no
peers

Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs.

(Ccrerlcs rams exo oeiiiibes inutucuetem a enrevence inure aan ice

Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success.

Created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction.

Achieved high sales percentage with consullative, valuefocused customer service approach.

Interacted with customers and retail buyers to followup on shipping statuses and expedited orders.

Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mail, ermail and fax.

Assisted customers with store and product comphints.

Business Development center (Customer Representative California My job duties were making phones calls to invite customers to our
dealership for new promotions.

Following keads and also making appointrents for service department as well.

Assisted customers with store and product comphints.
