BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
Professional Summary

Business development/Marketing professional experienced in sakes management, marketing, technical presentation creation and service training,
Diligent and driven individual who Ins achieved success ina variety of roles with increasing levels of responsibility. An effective communicator and
teant builder with strong analytical, management and organizational skills.

Skill Highlights
© New Customer Acquisition © Analytical Problem Soler
© Brand Development © New Programand Promotion Impkerentation
* Account Management © Financial Analysis
© Prospecting Cer ccns\/ (Hae bisa
Professional Experience

Company Name City , State Business Development Executive 06/2010 to Current

Conducted informational and educational workshops at CUNY/SUNY College campuses benefit fairs that increased credit union
membership and exposure.

Impkmented in house marketing design for brochures, posters, articles, flyers, newsletters, e-marketing, social media/web page content
which saved over $10,000 annually.

Generated and maintained social media calendar for Facebook, Twitter, Corporate bog, etc. to ensure member engagement and that all
content is reflective of current media and new product/service campaigns.

© Identified issues with existing marketing material to drive process improverrents.

Collaborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts, identify potential customers and coordinate product demonstrations.

Company Name City , State Loan Manager 09/2001 to 06/2010

Analyzed applicants' debt to income ratio, credit report, financial and ermployirent history to evaluate credit worthiness for personal, auto,
educational, credit card and home equity loans.

Communicated credit approvals and denials as well as facilitated other options such as Credit Counseling methods to improve member
financial success and provided members with assistance regarding budget counseling, consolidations, payment methods and other areas
shaun noeBinatie sb Ladtcy

Impkmented software that streamlined collateral processing and tracking which led to an increase of operational efficiency and reduced
Ococtnea Omi <a

© Ensured Credit Union loan policies, procedures, docurents, products and services were compliant with NCUA rules and regulations and
effectively executed by staff

Developed relationships with new and existing members to identify their financial needs, and assist in selection of appropriate financial
products and services resulting in new Joan growth by 15%,

Accurately reported borrower performance to credit bureaus and responded to borrower disputes through E-Oscar.

Company Name City , State Credit/Collections Analyst 01/1998 to 09/2001

© Impkmented new credit card system

© Resolved customer inquiries and potential disputes.

© Managed the Electronic Funds Transfer processes are scheduled and performed timely and accurately for member access.

« Ensured member compliance of credit policies and procedures are accurate and upheld.

© Monitored, reviewed, and processed all credit card transactions.

© Coordinated with senior management to evaluate bad debt situations and determine effective, appropriate course of action which resulted in
a 25% decrease in delinquencies and charge-offs.

Education
Master of Science : Finance 2011 Zicklin School of Business, Baruch Colkge , City , State

3.47 GPA

BBA : Computer Information Systems 1997 Baruch Colkge , City , State
Associate of Applied Science : Marketing 1994 Bronx Commumity College , City , State
als

WES CRON C mc cOM eco ULe come Lee em Merce GunrareNyelit)
