BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

Nails

3-D, budgets, color, Council, CPT, client, floor plans, Forklift, Manufacturing Processes, presentations, real estate, Safety, sales, seminars,
spreadsheet, Technician, vision

Experience

March 2014 to August 2014

Company Name City , State Business Development Consultant

© Phoned, emnikd and actively followed up with potential leads given to me by management.

¢ Answered calls and scheduled appointments with the sales team

Ce Coyucccel Kats oumieni lem Ms isin ceice

PRO inrecEy yoo ance ese pa(tloc ole Carecmiui carson aim

¢ Notified necessary departments when appomtments have been set.

© Maintained a goal of 8-10 appointments created daily.

¢ Recorded daily and weekly appointment information ina spreadsheet to measure success against our goals.

Novenber 2011 to April 2014
Company Name City , State Senior Design Consultant

¢ Developed exterior design concepts and planned the schematic color and finish of the colors chosen.
© Reviewed project costs, budgets and adherence to schedules.
¢ Ensured that the project vision and design intent were reflected successfilly.

April 2009 to November 2011
Company Name City , State Expo Design Desk Associate

© Generated more sales leads than any other design associate.

¢ Assisted lead designers with their floor plans, elevations and 3-D perspective views prior to presentation to the client.
¢ Assisted designers with their material boards for in-house review and presentation.

© Reviewed project costs initially with home owners.

* Voted Employee Committee President and planned all employee events and fimdraisers.

March 2004 to March 2009
Rie accea Toa lb gil amsjece aig

Sherwin Williams, Lawrence ,KS.

Ordered, contacted and handled all wallpaper sales.

eh Se EES sll Patani op bees np rewmentexesH iP neni

Organized and conducted presentations at all the faux finish clinics to public.

Cultivated long termrelationships with area contractors.

Primary representative for area home shows and real estate seminars.

Visited home sites to assess and fulfill customer needs both interior and exterior projects.

Education and Training

University of Kansas

Interior Design Bachelor's Degree Interior Design
vA

Professional Certified Production Technician, Manufacturing Skill Standards Council (MSSC): Profile CPT certified in Safety, Manufacturing
Processes & Production and Forklift Certification from Washbum Institute of Technology, Topeka, KS, Silver Level, Kansas WorkReady!
(Goatees

2016

eS S/W Ua Conan Binsin each)
WAN AU

University of Kansas

City , State Interior Design

Bachelor of Fine Arts Interior Design
