ASSISTANT TO BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATOR

Professional Profile

Ouse Relist ng yee AEs ceen aude a edn ue tied icteece ce eS lL acTnL MTT eoMtn ole rr este arene
customer service and hurman resources. Collaborative team player with strong communication, decision-making and time management abilities.
Qualifications

levnbus ol ovaneaiiberauilneronenian) ecg

ACE cca uce uc Ra co aia UCU Unter Doekee centro tccr toate
¢ Create and mintain employer and client databases and files rete ots

° tnewataine Si eae aa Pa clinlitbiogceutiancileeinebome creer iea Oneal
Maintain updated case notes on cach clientA guidelines ,
Suen eree reece Rete mrecht a ACR CoE car a gels <M Rca ALC ORL CLAN LCR

CJ

Pi erdradarnyonareniena irr ccs cs SS LOL aN
© Detail oriented, flexible and reliable

aaa china anesd

Managed mjor office relocation with only one day of downtime.
Experience

PSH a Ob since Rava oie meni

January 2016 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

LO iri CcsKoree) ence srl mcourenetien cane ce

Greeted visitors promptly and directed to correct locations.

Scheduled appointrrents and maintained muster calendar.

AN iced recs nel bolcinecheeneysene ara

Drafted internal docurrents and memoranda.

Prioritized project components and organized scopes.

Liaised directly with customers to meet needs and mintain satisfaction.

Office and Sales Manager
Novenber 2013 to January 2015 Company Name i City , State

Successfillly managed the activities of fiveA team members in muttipk locations.
eRe EH La CBO UIA nn eae aniaers en Tem cor oce
Developed, impkrrented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.
Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.

Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.

Identified operational processes inefficiencies and recommended necessary improvenents.
Provided base level IT support to company personnel.

eve) ecko co namaoi aici ceorecncRCuuninencatour ElneBrozets rks qlicW
Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations.

Trained new employees and exphined protocols ckarly and efficiently.

Nore ocr Bik recAl any

Developed and executed sakes promotions.

Ore) cRestlooR cos cul nected omen <i alist om

Cron ccm numua tek deri cd

i alesBipamristi yen bron estcl gu eA OI LCC sy MOUTH ee

Designed web and other content, including monthly newsketters and promotional calendars.
Educated clients on the current real estate market and answered any questions they had.
Acted as a listing agent for brokers.

Coordinated appointments with prospective buyers to showcase houses and plots.

A cerceRl aii oe Bonialibcmiraseceen lace bona Oke esis act

IN eeacecmaen invari tneReeec irl NO nD Gncanment erence ne Bncscs ete

Administrative and Legal Assistant
June 2005 to Jamary 2013 Company Name i% City , State

Accurately entered client data into a company-based software program.

Organized client calendars, prepared mailings and handed high call volumes.
Examined Deeds of Trust to determine the grantor, grantee, trustee and Joan amount.
Drafted judicial correspondence and handled all court mailings.

Researched documents and publications for details that would establish evidence.
Asranged all correspondence on behalf of the attomey.

Worked with attomeys and case reviewers to resolve kgal comphints.

Prepared clients for appointments and interviews.

Pico oR linn isnom enol nreccenciLaniven nian catncs

Cr ee ee er
