DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Riterersag

Healthcare Saks Professional with over 6 years of experience as a successful Director of Sales. Sales experience includes hospice / home health
mmnagemmnt, durable medical equipment (DME), and phanmccuticals. Awarded for being the top performer for five consecutive years.
Recognized for growth development and delivering bottom line results. Specialized in connecting with clients and customers. Develop loyalty and
referrals by utilizing consultative sakes, identifying customer needs through active listening, education, and consistent follow-through. Experienced in
developing strong and detailed sakes and marketing plans to support corporate goals and objectives. Update and execute the sales and marketing
pan daily, weekly and monthly to obtain corporate goals and objectives. Strong communication skills as a team member, presenter, and trainer.
Skillful and effective in communicating and interacting with associates, professionals and key decision makers.

Experience
Director of Business Development 02/2015 to 09/2015 Company Name

Director of Saks Director of Sales for the business line of Homecare and Hospice Implement sakes and marketing plans for the Phins
ue

Meet and exceed the company's overall business plan, census goals and financial objectives.

This rok is responsible for management and keadership of Client Relations Executives in the field and Care Transition Nurses in the hospital
Pants

Developed and implemented sales and marketing plans for all company products/service offerings, consistent with market analysis, reflecting
referral source targets.

Dated opine Bete ecwee eR tes bain

Understanding of Medicare regulations for Homecare and Hospice.

Responsible for setting goals based on market analysis and company overall goals.

This position was dissolved due to company cuts.

ee

e

Director of Sales / Area Sales Manager 01/2012 to 03/2014 Company Narre City , State

Working in the healthcare industry of Hospice and Home Health in the Dallas Texas and Westem Iowa locations.

Responsibilities included redeveloping a team of healthcare professionals to promote the company.

Increase sales and revenue through territory development by training and education to customers.

Communicate directly to vice President of company about the sales teams strengths and weakness along with new business opportunities.
Dine mea ecK ici er ane

Develop phan to rebuild agency to meet budget by collaborating with referral sources and clinical team.

Maintain and develop growth by working with Nursing Facilities, Medical Clinics and Hospitals.

Communicate clearly what our program is to all referral sources.

Managed sales in Dallas Texas region and Iowa.

Senior Provider Relations Manager 02/2003 to 12/2012 Company Name City , State

Successfilly rebranded the company despite stringent budget, buikding agency from cight patients to 130 patients as one of top five Provider
aay cm WY Btn nc ne

CG cE En oe ur ee Noster Vcltem nial Mline MUU BEB hoiceu eet Bem Noue ili) cmp ica Oe
Beceem Boe etd (Nor cices OME eRe HUES Ay Bom CNS hick Ve Staton ceU ROB C net ean he
Nebraska by personally servicing territory of 18 counties in Nebraska.

Build rapport with key referral sources, coordinating with approximately 65 medical directors, nurses, CNAs, medical records clerks, social
workers, and bereaverrent counselors, providing training, issuc resolution, and follow-up support while remaining within budget.

Develop, plan, and present CEU in-service trainings through Iowa Westem University to all referral sources, educating people about death,
dying, hospice benefits and end-of-life care both in person and through webinars.

© Manage and coach team ofabout 10 salespeopk, providing marketing and strategic saks tools.

Responded to market need by building marketing tool that became company's main brochure.

Establish annual, monthly, weekly, and daily goals, keeping daily log of business sources, contacts, and kads, consistently following up with
hand-written thank-you notes and calls.

Address probkmvs, resolutions, wins, and marketing tips with weekly conference calls for region; report sakes numbers both daily and

a ce.a
Senior Account Executive 01/1997 to 09/2002 Company Name City, State

°

e

© Achieved #1 ranking Salesperson in Southem California Region within five months and maintained that for 3 years.
© Developed managed care contracts throughout Califomia.

Education

Bachelor of Science : Political Science California State University of Bakersfield State Political Science

Professional Affiliations

Nebraska Alzheimer’s Association American Parkinson's disease Association Creighton University Medical Center American Quarter Horse
Association American Cancer Association End of Life Community for Nebraska Nebraska Hospice and Palliative Care Association American
Red Cross Nebraska Anerican Heart Association Ancrican Horse Show Association
