BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Career Focus

Selfmotivated former service member with an over 8 year career in environmental management, and administration. Secking a meaningful and
challenging career opportunity with a governmental agency and or aerospace company that will allow for its fill and complete utilization of my
background experience, education, and personable and professional talents.

Qualifications
© Veteran of The United States Armed Services. ¢ Advanced experience with Microsoft Office.
© Service experience in supportive counseling to personnel and © Various database experience public and private.
bane lbeos © Bachelors in Social Ecology ie psychology, sociology, public and
© Ability to read, write and communicate effectively. social
scr s) eure le sicivelag
Business Development Manager

ATM BROMO oa Geren eh eee SmaI)

© Increased sales and maximize revenue; Close daily business deals.
© Marketing and research for new business market segments.

© Identify and build relationship with new potential US customers.

CREW Elreedenll acc  ectremenenn nite seri Lelicy

v4
Marketing Manager
June 2014 to June 2015 Company Name - City , State

* Research and market for new potential customers.
¢ Attend industry exhibitions to market product.
© Identify opportunities for sales; maintain and build existing customers.

Naess acm Cooma)
February 2012 to January 2014 Company Name - City , State

* Collecting, Preserving and handling of environmental sampks.
© Quality assurance, quality control, data quality and reporting.
© Maintain understanding of local federal and state laws and standards.

brairestbeny

Social Ecology, Environmental Analysis & Design , 2004 University of California Irvine - City , State
Internship: Public Affairs Office , 2003 Food & Drug Administration - City , State, USA

Military Experience

Water Treatment Specialist

August 2002 to January 2005 Company Name - City , State

Environmental Specialist

May 1994 to September 1997 Company Nan - City , State

Skills

Agency, billng, conferences, customer support, database, special events, hazardous waste disposal, hazardous waste, keadership, regulatory
compliance, mailing, access, excel, office, outlook, word, packaging, problem solving, process equipment, publications, quality, quality control,
reading, sales, shipping, teamwork, technical support, transportation, troubleshoot, water treatment, workshops
