DIRECTOR, GLOBAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
BS
Sold Cea Pernt aay ra ker LAUT Ta UB RR It oncrarch iby otoen naw eis csenaninen ee sie

Persistent... AAAAAAAAAAA Sticks with long term projects to see through to completion.
OU Ok On UCONN EPCS Ca ORT in Tyas (eli taan ees

Feng
perenne
PRES socssuenbiarsber pri aaly ese ,
8 . Ta pece mace re velar and
Peer satin a near
° rau ; CMe aneter nsec
PRB lines sibensiiny Functional Japanese

Accomplishments

Key player in growing a business from $25 millionA saks to $150 million.

Maintained 50% integral gross margin on product portfolio in spite of severe competition.

Managed a cross fimctional team of 5 professionals and worked across 33 intemmational sales organizations.
4€<Traveled to and conducted business in more than 30 countries.

Sold and managed projects up to $6 million value.

Developed and supported over 20 value added reselkrs.

Experience

Director, Global Business Development 06/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

EER RR nu cele ame lemu ener R sce LO oY Sein aM cP LCnCm nena lO MMO OTT em ICU te
alter Kana cam eceticanebneonarecneaine sce

SAC Pe esteemed etna Miucdcnu Reem Can bpecr acl enmelnd Sra kerb ntti a

Prepared sales presentations and product demps for entertamment industry executives.
¢ Researched industry trends in cinerma entertainment and provided feedback to product management to improve product positioning,

+ Colkborated on technical and sales proposals for global pilot sites to prove the value of new technology to the market.
DevelopedA bank financing program for purchases and kases.

Advised internal stakeholders on business opportunities in their region and worked together to include multiple product portfolios inA a
Ris ogee wae

Fick

Director, International Sales 09/2007 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

Created global sales plan per international market (33 total) to focus resources on new product introductions, first of their kind lightingA
Ey aloes are cas ecu an calmed niunlnRaunagial tome ceaseless) y

Built specifier (lighting designer, architect) relationships and project sakes fimmel through one on one meetings, industry presentations, and
Tetras abel oom

SMA) reece Rr nem aoe ee ced on Peco kl oa elu inn donc ous, Sm nese cesrirLalnen amen’
rR Sage Bradt cml Oleke 84 ele:) bid ocabocd pela cme ch conver) Mcal comeae Ee lediunbra vee Rtctaniey

Worked closely with supply chain tears to plan production to meet current project timelines, forecast fiture demand, and reduce product
costs to improve product margins.A.

Bi
Manager, International Inside Sales 09/2002 to 09/2007 Company Name City , State

¢ Recommended pricing strategies to win business.

¢ Assisted marketing with trade show booth construction.

¢ Managed credit approvals to release orders on prepay, credit, or letter of credit. Helped to collect past duc invoices.
CP cobra cpnue reac culo mncd telco brcudarenodireb ease curbs oe
