BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER
RStrertag
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Experienced leader with more than 7 years of experience working in sakes, marketing and business
development with specialization in identifying, developing, and maintaining new strategic business partnerships. Propelled a small chemical trading
firm into a flourishing manufacturer, national distributor and global manufacturer's soke-trading partver. Highly motivated, tough negotiator with
excellent verbal and written skills. Expertise in engaging decision mking and devising winning sakes strategies and solutions. Innovative, adaptabk,
analytical, action-oriented, and flexible in working with suppliers and customers in dynamic international markets. Developed sole-selling agencies
OTH e Neate eR a aeenteeKercen ccna Celica acm suce anes Bie Lanecee ane aN Aunt Ca tesce
fimctional tears such as technical, legal, finance, sales and marketing, Bringing creativity, complex problem-solving skils, entrepreneurial drive, and
unceasing spirit to all endeavors.

Nas

Nivedetsipecoe tanita

Managing cross fimctional teams

Motivational management style

Sales and pricing strategies

Customer-focused saks leader

New product and market development

Strategic sourcing and hedging

Data-driven decision making

Deana yccelate)

Supply chain and resource management

[Xecomo btneboisremanzalbeny

Project planning and development

Business forecasting and strategy MS Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop, Macromedia Flash and

Dreamweaver, Programming Skills - HTML, C, C++

Experience
Business Developnent Leader | Partner | Director Feb 2010 to Nov 2017
Company Name 14 City

Spearheaded company-wide marketing campaigns introducing new products which boosted sales by more than 67% in just 1 year.
Increased gross profit by 135%, net profit by 133% and EDITDA by 100% in kes than 7 years.

Ensured long-term profitability by researching and renegotiating vendor and customer contracts.

Identified and eliminated loss making products and promoted profitable ones.

Single-handedly developed a large customer base for a new product range increasing sales ftom zero base to more than $2 million in just
rio estas

Demonstrated strong leadership by recruiting, training and managing more than 20 employees across different locations and multiple
Closter ets

CV AMncrecoiCCaeceuenirac ruck noah mmcianncelieecey teaver it leer Cm

Strategically sourced products and negotiated long term contracts by consistently beating aggressive competition in reverse auctions to win
business ofa major manufacturer.

Gained market share post the recession years of 2008 and 2009 by segmenting customer base and servicing new specialized niches.

© Developed and implemented employee welfare policies and other company policies on ethical way of conducting business.

Assisted in preparing balance sheets and filing multiple tax retums including income tax, excise duty, service tax, value added tax, and goods
Bina ncay cok nha

Worked closely with auditors, set budgets for expenses, negotiating secured and unsecured credit lines with banks.

Teaching Assistant Aug 2007 to Dec 2009
Company Name
Graduate Teaching Assistant

Worked for two and half year as graduate teaching assistant, teaching organic chemistry laboratory to undergraduates.
Trained over 250 students in basic to serni-advanced theoretical and laboratory skills in organic chemistry Responsibilities.
Presented lectures to class of over 100-150 students.

Conducted multiple one-on-one student review sessions.

Responsibke for making presentations, teaching course material, teaching ab skills, and grading of assignments and final exarrs.

Education and Training

Masters of Science , Organic Chemistry May 2010 Organic Chemistry Research and Thesis Option), Virgmia Tech

Bachelor of Technology , Dyes and Intermediates, Institute of Chemical Technology May 2007 Dyes and Intermediates, Institute of Chemical
Technology Research Publication Pd-catalyzed amination; Tetrahedron Letters. 2011, 52, 916

I esealca Swi cum Vint Reon Gna le Ob oles Merl eyErianned (cn ovAh enemy AN MAN) BUEN AUOY,

Skils

Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, balance sheets, basic, budgets, C, C++, chemistry, contracts, Cost control, credit, clients, decision making,
delivery, fing, Macromedia Flash, forecasting, fimctional, gross profit, HTML, kadership, kadership skill, Letters, logistics, Managing,
tmnufacturing processes, marketing, market, market development, MS Office Suite, win, 2000, negotiating, negotiator, policies, presentations,
