DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

BS ania}

Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe, Java, Oracle JD Edwards Enterprise, Epitome/WinAl, Data Collection, Intemet, and Social Media.
schivor anes

July 2012 Company Name i State

optimize financial operations by performing complex analyses on enterprise wide negotiations, projections, time-of business reviews, and
purge eNoa CCU Leite nie Meanie cee kaecce

* Determining the effectiveness of territory by analyzing and targeting special segment of sales reports.
© Provided data ftom multiple sources for monthly, quarterly, annual, and ad hoc reports generated for various departments and senior

managerent; ensured data was accurate by identifying and resolving errors and discrepancies.

Reviewed, analyzed, and resolved claims (based on performance, $50,000 limit ofauthority quickly eliminated by supervisor); processed
erospee st pRB Roe coRe m YAU Bene ra

Initiated, calculated and reported upon a quarterly productivity analysis.

Participated daily in tasks related to financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting, asset and lability reconciliation, working capital, and cash
control,

Director of Business Development
May 2014 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Work along side with the management team in an advisory capacity to investigate the needs and propose routes for the business to achieve
cee)

Impkment agreed actions & achieve specific business objectives (managing a test marketing program or a promotional campaign, or
introducing new system), then managing hand-over and support ifneeded to sustain progress.

I coordinate and Iead the sales pursuit process.

I developed the new business from new customers, and expand existing client relationship.

Managed the saks strategies/plans to keep it consistent with the company’s long range strategic objectives.

WET ane eri lelcninenm ne Biiuia calm hces nas Lec eyA lee ces] oslo Na

Customer Experience transformation, leading the diagnostic and design phases.

Fundraisor Director
Septerrber 2012 to March 2014 Company Name 1 City , State

Providing collaborative leadership and coordinates submission of interdisciplinary proposals to support capital and needs to advances the
needs interests by researching and identifying sources of support or revenue generation.

Using proactive skills and extensive network by seeking new and expanded opportunities to generate new proposals based on mission and
goal statement of organizations’ guidelmes and interest.

Advise and assist the Executive Director in devising and implementing fimdraising strategies for specific projects and review themona
regulr basis.

Take the kead in developing new fimdraising sources.

Work closely with the Executive Director to increase profile and enhance our reputation within the donor community,

May 2001 to January 2012 Company Nane

Bolktieri Tennis Academy, Bradenton - provided coaching to promising junior players at one of the top tennis academies in the workd
eli) Om

Flamingo Park, Miami Beach - instructor at busy tennis facility; taught all levels ofplayers; developed loyal and steady clientele (both locals
and retuming visitors); ran termis camps (2002 -2004).

Miami Shores Country Club, Miami - Director, summer tennis camp for kids (10-18); responsible for program development; scheduling
head pros; logistics; liaison with accounting regarding pro compensation (2004).

Private Coach to USTA - top ranked junior Cassandra Herzberg, coaching on physical, strategic, motivational and technique development
ied to rise in national ranking from: 200 to Top 3 (2004-2008).

Negotiated contracts with major sports brands including Nike, Wilson, and Luxilon; coordinated tournament scheduling and travel logistics.

© Played a key role in the recruitment of Cassandra to Brown University where she hold first position in the roster for all four seresters.

brairestbeny

Associate of Arts : May 2011 MIAMI DADE COLLEGE 1% City , State GPA: Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum Laude GPA:
4.0 Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summ Cum Laude GPA: 4.0

January 2001 ZAGREB SCHOOL OF ECONOMICS & MANAGEMENT GPA: GPA: 4.0 GPA: 4.0

CFA (CHARTERED FINANCIAL ANALYST, kvel 1 : December 2013 FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY 1% City , State
Bachelor of Science : Hospitality and Tourism Menagrent Finance , Decerrber 2012 GPA: Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum
Laude GPA: 3.9 Hospitality and Tourism Menagment Finance Graduated with the Highest Praise, Summa Cum Laude GPA: 3.9

Work History

Company Name

eat

Muttilingual, fluent in English, Croatian, and Cyrillic.
