BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Dedicated Business Development Representative who is a detail-oriented self-starter and congenial salesperson who has excelled in closing
percentages. Background in inside sales and customer service.

Skills

¢ FCA Kain Automntive training (3 steps to digital success)
© Chryskr Certified EmployeeA

* CRM training

Highlights
© Seasoned in conflict resolution  ¢ Multtline phone talent
© Strong organizational skills « Exceptional communication skills
© Energetic work attitude ¢ Excellent time management
SCC Nae * Leadership abilities
© A Telephone inquiries specialist ¢ Quick Leamer

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Business Development Representative 07/2016 to 10/2016

« Answered customers’ questions regarding products, prices and availability.
© Emphasized product features based on analysis of customers' needs.
© Responded to all customer inquiries ina timely manner.

© Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
* Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
Company Name City , State Intemet & Social Media Manager 12/2015 to 07/2016

Answer customers’ questions about products, prices, availability, product uses, and credit tervs.
Recommend products to customers, based on customers’ needs and interests.

Consult with clients after sales or contract signings to resolve problems and to provide ongoing support.
Create and publish gravitating posts on various social media forums (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.).
Respond promptly to all reviews regarding the company.

Compose and send compelling email blasts weekly to generate business.

Conduct weekly meetings discussing current sales percentages of the Business Development Departrrent.
Update information on the company website frequently.

Company Name City , State Manager 10/2014 to 042015

© Trained new employees and brought them up to the restaurant standards.
OM SUIS tcemEGK Caen eve ative
Peon icvuecomumuon sauicenmcoca isc) ctcencen meals dncc@ucrd i Gyalrralcerveml neni

On ANE Oban ORs oe abe eb cance amc PUPA OU PAU)

© Provided excellent customer service. 7
OMA cred ecovauiteltomcow ane n@bainiaererrealalisucnciemaxelte allay
