BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Career Overview

Detail-oriented professional with a business mindset and an extensive operational background obtained through diverse industry experience in
banking, loss prevention, health and wellness, and retail offering mnovative methods of efficiency meant to benefit individuals at all levels of
Leto veccn

BKodnelbs) aig

A119 Experience Total Years Last Used
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PP) Expert to Pa C)
(6 lyn eat lite Intermediate 2 PACS)
SQL Intermediate 1 yu
Outlook Intermediate 6 yes
Accomplishments
Anca eonKaeN

PIE raictce Rerlnlncke ery alee eka ilar mem Lm
ORR eure

© Identified, recommended and prioritized new database features, stored various SQL query statements, and applications in conjunction with
business kaders, department managers, and administrative stafi

¢ Developed, impknented, tested, debugged and documented various systems (ie: live chat, updated database applications, IVR and
BIR Coe ueKe La) ay

een e aaa

© Collaborated with programmers to create various forms and account interfaces that are easy to navigate, and are mobile friendly.
¢ Improved client relationships and performance predictability through shared business and technical perspectives and agreed expectations.

NRO ORTON
¢ Weekly brainstorm on how to increase efficiency at all levels of business, such as appropriate system upgrades and team best practices.

Work Experience
08/2015 to Current
Business Developnent Company Name 14 City , State

© Identify areas of opportunity within the business to create solutions to increase efficiency and productivity (including the improverent of the
pau pe ecccr nem necesiiies rea ias hoy

Strategic planning of content, promotion, and engagement.

Monitor and report on website and ads traffic and performance.

Worked with clients to analyze advertising needs and applied appropriate solutions within each organization's budget.

Current project: working hand-in-hand with website owner for a compkte website overhaul. Inches, website redesign and upgraded
finctionality, development ofa brand new directory utilizing an original database, and the developrrent ofan application framework that will
serve as an accompanying mobile app to the website.

LO elem Rr nenlM VU loeB Gicd (Con mona er cenenL cays

Coordinate seasonal markets (assist in vendor sekction, monitor payments of tabks, direct table placerrent at venue, and coordinate all
RotncmtneSantcar cacy

05/2014 to 08/2015
lO onie RM oNLome@un mann LO SMAI

Establish and maintain all operational procedures and systems including the development of an in-house CRM/database via excel, sales
strategy, brand developrrent, and company wide best practices broken down by departrrent.

¢ Strategic budget planning by measuring and managing key operating metrics and sakes KPI's.

© Positively impact the business by effectively increasing the bottom Ie through decreasing business costs.

© Oversee all day-to-day operations.

¢ Formuhte incentive plans for the sales team Implement changes requested by owner(s) to enhance the brand.

01/2014 to 122014
Systems Coordinator Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Maintain the flow of information through the databases used including importing of information, analyzing information entered into the system
using SQL to obtain data, and validate all users on a bimonthly basis to ensure quality.
© Project Manager of Live Chat, implementation of Wazagua for use to our clients, install new clients into various databases, and monitor all
