DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Professional Summary

Extensive experience in LTAC Marketing in a hospital setting, Ability to build strong rapport with physicians, patient's families, case managers and
health care community. Managed and lead team of clinical, admissions and marketing lnisons and efficiently communicated patients' needs to
clinical staff Expert in planning and executing marketing strategies to build relationships in new territories and increased referral sources. Track
record of consistent growth in census of hospital through demonstrating strong professional relationships with referral sources and tum potential
referrals into admissions. Self driven and innovative with a strong desire to compete with other LTACHs to increase hospital census. High
recommendations by keading physicians based on performance and work ethics.

bs hranianieg
¢ Excelknt interpersonal communication skills with the abilityto «Proven ability to manage marketing team and yielding results.
keep professionalism Strategically develops marketing plans.
CRE OOreang elk rel com ¢ Track record of financial management by efficiently using budgets to
¢ Highly motivated marketer. organize networking events, company fictions and annual gals.
© Patient care oriented, increasing and securing walk-intours for © _ Effectively influences team members by showing motivation and drive
patients’ families and catering to their needs. operas’
¢ Cultural awareness and sensitivity towards patients and ¢ Understands and exphins the continuum of care model to patient
onisho sem families.
CEM chine aniseed simncce oko tace el Lascme tid © Clinical knowkedge in identifying LTAC patients with proper
and make recommendations for LTAC based on diagnoses. diagnoses and treatments.
britlae ane

04/2013 to 10/2014
Director of Business Development Company Name 14 City , State

Managed and lead by example a team of qualified marketing and clinical liaisons and showed steady increase in census and market presence.
Accomplishments

Opened doors to new Acute care hospitals that are now responsibk for 5-10% ofnew LTAC admissions cach month, for mstance
Angieton-Danbury Medical Center, Brazosport Regional Medical Center, University General Hospital and Memorial Hermann Medical
(OCH ay

Brought on board several new physicians that specialize in the needs of long term acute care patients. This resulted in the higher referrals
from the Acute care hospitals by these certain physicians and increased total nurber of admissions.

Record rate of'admissions and discharges beyond 26 day stay at the LTAC.

Highest census to date since the opening of the establishment at over 88% for a continuous streak of 40+ days.

Designed a processing system of new referrals which cut down the processing time of referrals from 72 hours to 12 hours or ks, with over
Leesa rel aisle tiene BOOBS pees N TEL ScLetce

Designed and printed a new and improved "LTACH Evaluation Status" sheet for patient charts which communication the status of referrals
OR hereon lanmne pine cca Leo imecek mlb ome One ea ORO LC Ar RCIA IE Lene ORIOL Ream sR LOL
Designed and uploaded a new company website that enables patients to do virtual tours, sign consents and view the directions to the
hospital on the web. In addition, it is much more visibly pleasing compared to the older website and offers detailed information on private
health care insurances accepted by the hospital and exphins the services offered by the hospital including the "continuum of care" model.

¢ Designed and rented a full-size CBS Billboard for over one year in the Sugar Land on Hiwy 6 and Hwy 99 intersection, to increase the
market presence in the commumity.

Catered special needs patients and their fumilies with their requests in order to secure admissions, for instance; Halal or Kosher neal,
Allowing only one family member to stay with the patient for the duration ofstay etc.

Initiated the tradition ofannual company gala in which the doctors who actively contributed in the hospital referrals were recognized and
presented with award and gifts. This also soon became a sought after event by the case manager and social workers to attend as it is a one
Oe Pon Can RU Lace MERA th Let RAK c cco ea uined Mase Lec MeReOENNRC Lua mee EN Cometborta

cy

PGi}
Atrium Medical Center - Certificate of Recognition for outstanding performance.
January 2014

Education
2015
Bachelors of Science : Interdisciplinary Studies University of Houston-Downtown ¥% City , State , United States

Interdisciplinary Studies courses entails different areas of studies to provide a well rounded education that can be applied to many careers.
Coursework included: communication, psychology, economics, and humanities.

Minor in Political Science
