INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER,

Summary

Charisimtic business professional with expertise in business development , product strategy, marketing, and sales . Effectively built sales
department from 10% to 50% of total company revenue over a 10 year term. Vastly experienced in intemational distribution development.
Highlights

© Business Development © Marketing

Pee ier oam yaaa end CPU reodirnaciiclion

© Sales Analysis & Forecasting © Bilingual - English/Spanish
schivor anes
02/2010 to Current

International Business Development Manager Company Name iM City , State

© Identify global product opportunities, perform market analysis, and create product brief§ outlining new colkctions.

© Lead cross-departrental team responsible for creating product launch process calendar to ensure timely execution and clear
communication.

© Manage special project requests to identify the value of the project, potential growth in the market, and work with Product Development,
Marketing and Sales to execute.

© Develop pricing strategy and manage pricing model to boost brand profitability.

Analyze sales history and market trends to optimize inventory levels at overseas warchouse providing product to global partners in a timely

manner, resulting in lower overhead and storage costs.

Produce and communicate quarterly key performance indicators (KPI) reports.

Liaise with Product Development, Marketing departments and Regional Directors to develop new product for global consumers.

Develop, mintain, and support 37 international sales and distribution accounts in 76 countries for Victorinox Swiss Amy brands.

Analyze sales statistics to determine business growth potential and drove incremental growth of $2M in 2014.

Assist global partners with inventory management, product training and retail promotions, resulting in higher product margins for all parties.

Offer a proven track record of revenue growth year over year, from$8M to $34M during my 10-year term

* Grew Latin Market from ground zero to top region for 3 consecutive years.

Ce Fee S Cre) ese ce)
iierlveimlrLex@maniuicaVnliaLad

© Supported VP and Director to manage international brands and support global network of distributors.

© Coordinated directly with factories, third-party logistics warehouse operator, and distributors to optimize order flow from factories to
warehouse to global markets.

© Created and updated order templates and price lists for accounts.

© Managed inventory to maintain optimal levels.

* Worked with distributors to obtain quarterly and monthly forecasts.

01/2000 to 01/2004
Company Name i City , State

OOo cilhcemocinuis Om ecrterieeanc irene
CMW Elinieet Encl eeu g et bame ha nccoR iE Cameco rice
* Fulfilled 5-8 international customer orders and quotations weekly.

01/1999 to 01/2000
Air and Ocean Export Coordinator Company Name it4 City , State

© Exported high value goods and hazardous materials to foreign countries.
Cur eePicumitorienn oneal ennitencnanrule Bolen Becton dO cel Cem Okeiiiis chun atacp cad ods
© Translated documents and correspondence in conversational transhation for intemal staffand clients.

brairestbeny

7

BS degree : Business Administration, International Business Souther Illinois University of Edwardsville Business Administration, International
Business Studied Abroad - Costa Rica

als

Amy, banking, business development, clients, international sales, inventory managerrent, inventory levels, inventory, Latin, logistics, Director,
market analysis, market trends, marketing, Market, Marketing and Saks, materials, network, pricing, pricing strategy, Product Development,
retail, sales, Sales Analysis & Forecasting, statistics, strategy, translation
