ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Summary

Persuasive business development professional, successfull at establishing and maintaining key partnerships with corporate decision makers. Offering
more than 12 years of successfull corporate business development and operations experience. A top-performer with the entreprencurial vision and
kadership skils to drive business expansion. Proven skills in driving results, product development, project managerrent, account management and
problem solving. Successfill at leading large scale commercialization of new platform and imovation initiatives for highly visible capital projects.
Recognized for leading teams to exceed results in fast paced, high growth business environments. Committed to healthy eating, healthy living and a
healthy planet. Bilingual

Highlights

Business Development Cross Functional leadership New Product Commercialization Effective Negotiator Manufacturing Processes Change
Managerent Operations Management Bui Dynamic teams Marketing Strategy and Innovation Diversity and Mentoring

Accomplishments

© Recognized for leading teams to exceed results in fast paced, high growth business environments
Granted "Values in Action Award" for an outstanding leadership role

Granted, "Values in actions award" for leading a flawless execution

Kraft Foods, Coffee Bean Brilliance Award, 2015

Kraft Foods, President Choice Award, 2013

schivor anes

Associate Director Business Development 12/2012 to Current Company Name City , State Lincoln Led commercialization effort for the largest
pkitform innovation program and the largest strategic partnership in the history of Kraft Foods with over $25MM capital investment in multi
countries. Y1 combined GR +$300MM Avatar Responsible for kading team engagement which includes establishing strategic team meetings,
review project time lines and cost regularly with the project team, facilitate creation of mitigation/contingency plans and manage communication to
senior kadership and manufacturing facilities.

Operations Supervisor 01/2012 to 12/2012 Company Name City , State Co-led the largest new product initiative in the history of Kraft Foods.
Delivered $140MM GR in Y1. Spear headed first moment of truth and shopper relevancy by creating in store merchandising program and by
designing and delivering sales materials and shelf'set recommendations for top 5 customers. Developed IMC by creating the consumer response
phn for social media, direct consumer and CRM. Developed fill recommendation on Direct to Consurrer lunch strategy, timing and resources.
Created pre and post launch performance and pricing trackers. Managed business analytics, quarterly forecast, annual contract, consumption
report and budget for two brands with a combined GR of SISOMM. Created first Instant Yuban In-Store merchandising program that resulted in
$2.2MM incremental Lead the coffee category cross-fimctional teams in the development and implementation ofa broad project portfolio of 46
programs that included; new product development, packaging structure and graphics changes, productivity initiatives and In-Store merchandising
prograrrs. Delivered projects within the specified cost, time and quality parameters. Facilitated the definition of project scopes, goals, tasks,
peopk resources and cost requirements. Assisted in the resolution of conflicts within Kraft fimctional tearrs, and between Kraft and its business
partners, Led the package change and commercialization of the new Instant Coffee Phstic Jar. Granted "Values in Action Award" for an
outstanding leadership role. Department leader responsible for Operations and P&L Accountable for meeting safety, quality, productivity,
mmintenance and financial goals.0.2MM favorable against OB Most profitable line in the coffee sector with phstic bottle yield less than 0.0001%
and equipment productivity of 98%. Implemented the second largest packaging change and restructure on time and within budget by leading the
department's conversion froma can making operation to a depalletizer/varehouse operation. Developed safety, quality, warehouse management,
operations procedures and training program Reduced crewing fiom 19 employees to 12, and developed the department's coordinator position to
empower the work force to enter leadership roles. Created and led a culture of self-directed employees towards enhanced results, by the
equalization of training across the department. Introduced the warehouse managerent, FIFO, and lean culture. Granted, "Values in actions award"
for leading a flawiess execution Supervised over 30 union employees in the can and vacuum packaging departments. Responsible for 5 production
lines, and nnintenance activities. Accountable for meeting Production, quality, and safety requirements. Utilized computer tools such as MES, SAP
and KPIs to identify, track, and address equipment downtime and improve OEE (overall equipment efficiency). Reduced product rework and
packaging waste by 32%. Successfillly implemented the company-redesign initiative by cross training employees, resolving Developed CBT
(computer based training) presentations for monthly safety training for all 300 Successfilly worked through labor relations issues that resulted in
favorabke decisions for the January 2002 Estinmted the utilization of resources and calculated the lead time, assuring high quality and low Ranked
PCR NCO em Om coNUNelamallee eo eurlleie gia asceleclreni Mm iGle Cutan eacclcmmin Gerace leew mac
QCMS departrrent initiative and served as an internal auditor. Created and Implemented operational and administrative training for new
supervisors in the departirent, and developed guidelines for future training processes. employees in the plant. company, saving over $100M. BV
AND ASSOCIATES, INC January 2000 to Project Engineer Jacksonville, FL Participated in the identification, planning, and execution of design
projects. cost. Summnurized the final project reports using FDOT (federal department of transportation) city standards, and quality specifications.
Applied engineering computer applications (Micro station and AutoCAD).

Integrated Marketing Campaign 01/2012 to 01/2012 Company Name 2012 MH / Yuban Instant Coflée customer-specific action plan across top
10 retailers Led the execution of the Instant Yuban blend reformulation targeting Hispanics consumer to fill the gap in the West region. Created
Yuban 2012 Integrated Marketing Campaign brief in collaboration with the agency, incorporating new consumer keamings to develop new SVC
target to include Hispanics. IMC drove realization across the brand ofa new business opportunity. Additional responsibilities included a major
packaging redesign and downsizing initiative, development and commercialization of new promotional ites, consumer promotions tactics (shelf
banners, FSIs, in-store display) and sales support.

brairestbeny

Master of Business Administration : Essentials of Financial Management. London University of North Florida, Coggin School of Business City ,
State , US University of North Florida, Coggin School of Business Master of Business Administration Jacksonville, Florida Essentials of Financial
Managerent. London, England May, 2008
