DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Professional Experience

Director of Business Development

January 2010 to Current Company Naim i City , State Advise on marketing strategy, business models and strategic alliances for private clients
in education, scientific and healthcare verticals. Recent projects include: 4- The American Chemical Society - Developed business plan, marketing
strategy and media relations for global launch of $1M research management software product in competitive STM marketplace. 4- College
Factual.com- Advice on brand positioning, UX and strategic relationships for college rankings portal based on consumer value Ied to partnerships
with the Wounded Warrior Project and Veterans’ Affairs. i Global Giving - Developed key marketing messages and brand stories for $23M
international nor- profit, Developed marketing strategy and business opportunities for environmental nonprofit focused on transforming the market
for healthy building materials. 4- Product Development | Pricing. Monetized specialized consulting services to prominent clientele including leading
healthcare, green building, and commercial building owners. Surveyed marketplace to identify service value and competitive pricing which yielded
increased revenue. 4—- Market Segmentation. Repositioned healthy materials database for with toxicity screens for 34,000 chemicals targeted at
‘green building’ product environment. Segmented product users to understand product challenges and opportunities.

Vice President, Business Development

January 2009 to January 2010 Company Name 1% City , State Led cross platform revenue initiatives for dominant online ranking franchise
“Amrrica's Best, " encompassing Education, Health, Personal Finance, Legal, and Politics verticals. a- Strategic Partnerships. Led cross-divisional
team to integrate complex $1.2M joint venture, launching revenue-producing website within 90 days. 4— Pricing, Renegotiated underperforming
partnerships by analyzing Google trends to optimize pricing. 4- Deal Structuring. Doubled anmual revemue from health insurer by analyzing value of
Google keywords. Renegotiated contract to realize additional revenues to increase CPL. 4— Product Development. Generated four new products
in nine months each estinnted to produce $100K annually 4%¢ Developed lucrative marketing program focused on hospitals’ high margin
specialties 42¢ Initiated hybrid partnership of ead generation and brand licensing for senior living category 42¢ Tripked value of brand licensing in
health and education categories via pricing analysis of ‘out of hoe’ advertising in top ten media markets.

Director, Content Strategy

January 2006 to January 2009 Company Name 1% City , State Sourced, negotiated and managed cross-platform distribution partnerships for 25
kading cable companies including Charter Communications and Virgin Media. 4— Negotiating. Negotiated compkx licensing partnerships with
news, music, games, sports and technology providers, resulting in a 40% margin for company. 4— Partnerships. Managed successful business
relationships with more than 50 national accounts including Viacom, The Associated Press, Major League Baseball, The Weather Channel and
American Greetings. 4— Deal Structure. Sourced Intemet radio provider to provide 40 channels of customized content against backdrop of digital
oop e Hea nNe GUC Lees shuLas nna KanUiaBachacteenneuetcn ac UR lle bnmraracetinece ca More oR MME sep tbe sy
content partners. Resulted in budget savings of 10% annually and retention of ‘business critical’ providers.

Vice President, Business Development

January 2000 to January 2005 Company Name i City , State Director (2000-2002) Developed digital business initiatives for four national
mmgazines and a cable channel. Built consensus across 7 divisions to invest in new business models. Protected and advanced iconic brand online.
&- Revenue Development. Generated $500K+ annually in syndication revenue. 4- Product Development. On four-week deadline, sourced and
produced 8 SKUS for big box store distribution deal. Resuscitated S2M flagship reference product line after 2 bankruptcies. Doubled unit sales
and operating income through innovative licensing strategy. 4— Partnerships. Negotiated profitable, multi-year marketing partnerships with national
ISPs resulting in 60% increase in web traffic to drive advertising and e-commerce revenue. Established profitable licensing relationships with
partners in Greece, Croatia, Germany and Italy.

Vice President, Marketing

January 1998 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State Recruited by AOL colleagues to manage e-commerce start-up including marketing
strategy, strategic relationships, and communications. Gamered national print and broadcast coverage in the pre-Google era. Helped position
company for profitable acquisition by national tea retailer.

Manager, Partner Marketing

January 1994 to January 1998 Company Name i City , State Directed partner relations and partner marketing during hyper-growth period,
preserving key alliances through significant changes in business model. Led cross-divisional team including, technical, editorial, legal and advertising
in onboarding of strategic partnerships such as the National Football League, CBS Sportsline, ABC News, Bloomberg L.P., NBC, Reuters, Web
M.D. and Business Week. &- Marketing Strategy. Developed an average of 25 customized marketing campaigns each month for national media
partners such as Viacom, Business Week, IDG, Hachette-Filipacchi, Ziff Davis and NBC with response rates of between 1% and 5%. Managed
multiple agencies, developed successful creative, resulting in record-setting customer acquisition. 4— Alliance Partnerships. Directed partner
mmnagement during hyper-growth period, managing 26 key national accounts through challenging restructuring. Effectively linised between parties
to preserve long-term business relationships resulting in $12M in savings. i~ Budget Development. Developed and managed $18M annual partner
marketing budget and staffofsix.

brairestbeny

Master of Science : Communications University of Tennessee Master of Science, Communications University of Termessee

Bachelor of Arts : Journalism University of Oklhomm Bachelor of Arts, Journalism University of Okhoma

Marketing Strategies for Growth, Education University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill i City , State , US Marketing Strategies for Growth,
Executive Educatio University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

Certifications

MD

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

cXCut i ees) ULC ee DOE SeO (erreurs OF

als

Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Business Development, Healthcare, Advertising, Business Plan, Clients, Hp-ux, Media Relations, Unix, Ux,
Product Developrent, Transmissions, Budget, National Accounts, Restructuring, Increase, Pricing, Budget Management, Games, Greetings,
Finance, Joint Venture, Joint Ventures, Lead Generation, New Products, Out Of Home, Pricing Analysis, Sales, Sales And, Accounts Through,
