BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE
Executive Profile

Award-winning sales executive with international sales experience.

Skill Highlights

Professional Experience

Business Development Associate

January 2015 to Current Company Nam - City , State

© Responsible for prospecting and developing relationships for unqualified, and qualified sales leads through Market Master, Saks Force,
cold calls and networking,

* Generated over 60 - 70 sales calls per day and distributed sakes mterials to the appropriate future clients.

CEN colic cenuraike oe cea Dciee@ iii aee ROE ULeee Con

© Built relationships with the District Managers and worked together in securing new Ieads and securing appointrents with the proper contact
before or after the client has been qualified and would assist in any way win the sale.

Managing Director
January 2000 to January 2015 Company Nam - City , State

© Marketing and Management Company for telemarketing finns and the hospitality\hotel industry.

Projects include, Accelerated Financial Center, LLC, M.R. Carter, LLC, The Ramada Inn, Stuart, FL, The Tourist Information Center of
Martin County in Stuart, Florida.

With MRC, I contracted with MR Carter LLC, and Accelerated Financial Center, LLC.

* Responsible for all telemarketing fimetions and sales, sales relationship building and administration for both million dollar company's which
handled consumer credit card interest rate reductions under the Federal Credit Cart Act.

At the Ramada I was responsible for Guest Services, Group Sales, Conference Services and Catering and Restaurant Management for and
Frac Brice tie) iaiae nam

T also instituted a program for cold calling and utilizing our CRS with the Ramada to prospect potential clients, sales promotion, and client
relationship development.

SUR LCOP Ores ORM R ieee ticle etsy

¢ At the Information Center, I owned and managed the office at the I-95 exit, and primarily I also did all the sales prospecting calls for
potential clients that would utilize our rack sales department.

SURV cet OOM De re Okerriniinainonur anna Cee o seicwin econ Po mehy erie icnsiol Lod yee et)
skola

General Manager
January 1999 to January 2000 Company Name - City , State

© Developed and operated small thirty room upscale resort.

* Responsible for guest services, rooms, operations, accounting, and sales and marketing.

© Developed a strong sales prospecting follow through program for new clients and new prospects through sales avenues that included public
adi be noe Ihe Ruertrnrem cha Leccn

First year annual revenue produced $400,000.

Director of Sales
January 1997 to January 1999 Company Name - City , State

© Responsible for all sales & marketing staffand sales aspects for the resort.

© This included public relations, client base relationship and awareness building and staff training to follow through with sales promotion
Ute eesed

© Property's annual revenue exceeded 10 million.

Director of Travel Industry Sales
January 1990 to January 1997 Company Name - City , State

Cee Ce ane tam Ualin bee cere Gla me rlined

© Manager on Duty, Group Sales Manager, Director of Travel Industry Sales (Domestic and Intemational).
© Was the keading Group Sales Manager for four years.

© Was appointed in 1995 as Director and developed the Intemational and Dorrestic kisure markets.

© This portion of the kisure market room revenue increased by 2 million in 18 months.

Nome hesrl cay clanag
January 1980 to January 1990 Company Name - City , State

© Managenent Trainee, Director of Conference Services & Catering, Group Sales Manager and Resort Manager on Duty.
© Trained in all departments of the property.
