DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary

Looking for the greatest opportunity to use my years of experience in business development and client relationship buiding toA work A fora
reputed company that I can help grow and prosper!

Skills

Business Developnent, Client Relationship Buikler, Alternative Transportation Client Account Managerent, Contract Negotiations, Customer
Specialist Dye)

schivor anes

ONY U RR @racaris

Director of Business Development Company Name 14 City , State

* Responsibk for developing new business opportunities for corporate, maiciple and university markets over $43A million in annual revenues.
® Created over 25 new commuter programs from the ground up for fortune 500 companies in the Bay Area.

rele mer ancueaione Pavan vere MOmang oct nce rer sal CO ed eed om Bons kN kenlt on tay
oO Om RCNe UCR comic CO nier Nemec y (btn cencrnetsliyg
Accountable for marketing and prospecting through cold calls and networking.

© Responsible for face to face meetings and presentations with prospective clients.

Manage the follow up process including sending follow up marketing material, phone calls, emails and dialogue on a consistent basis until
lid alveisnepicuauiicces

Obtained new multimillion dollar account within first four months of employment.

Develop and prepare proposals for major private and municipal transportation projects through cold calls and requests for proposals.
Executive management of all corporate accounts which include many high profile, Silicon Valley Fortune 500 companies.
Networking and business development through many associations including ACT, BOMA San Francisco, BOMA Silicon Valley, APTA,
CalACT, GBTA and various Bay Area organizations.

02/2006 to 05/2009
Bay Area General Manager Company Name if City , State

Executive management of the Bay Area market; responsibilities include marketing and business development, operations and accounting
related fimctions.

Management oversight of approximately 80 locations throughout the Bay Area encompassing San Francisco, Oakland-East Bay, San Jose
EAU CROHNS Leelee upuilce eC LCned eh Latent alia

Se eee Sabena sere caer eee Sece nt Cn ecco Le Bl acee cd CSE Gish Laie oo Bes Letce
Mahe S MES Lotti elo Sees Amen ac ee Ces EG LLS EAS Die CRTC
* Achieved successfiil expansion of the municipal market withA contract awards with AC Transit, and BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit);

additional contract awards and new business achieved as a result.

Achieved additional regional expansion and market margin with successfill award of the City of San Jose contract; opening new market
opportunities for the region.

Successful contract renewal of over 15 existing contracts in Bay Area, increasing profits 5% over existing net profit projections ofsame
EO eacolem nas loletiait oem

Oversight of Bay Area team of 35 management professionals and accounting/ clerical staff oversight of employee base of over 200 parking
professionals in both union and non union environments.

Responsible for annual budget preparation and performance for the Bay Area Region including sare store sale performance, new business
development and General and Administrative projections.

Achieved positive financial results on the successfill integration of Bay Area operations, reducing overhead through technology and best
practices for improverrent of over $300,000 in Bay Area net profit.

Responsible for monthly financial analysis and performance of Bay Area locations; implemented immediate changes and proactive measures
OB ro Heke seunihe ck OBLICIUt a netnt Ent ncce

Corporate Liaison for Union Contracts in Bay Area: Accomplishirents included the successful negotiation of San Francisco Teamsters
Local 665 contract resulting in payroll and overhead freezes to aid in maintaining current profit margins during uncertain real estate
conditions.

Successfil implementation of Bay Area marketing campaigns and ancillary revenue opportunities to increase profits at existing locations.

PUES L PL 00
General Manager Company Name 1% City , State

Executive management oversight for 35 locations including hotel and office properties, hospitals and government agencies; generating over
Norelco metal brava hod

Through marketing and networking, obtained 5 new locations as first year General Manager, generating over $70,000 in additional net profit
Blin bala

Successfil implementation of Corporate policies and procedures at all locations and City office, creating more efficient revenue controls and
immediate reduction of liabilities and risk of financial losses.

Impknentation of employee development projects and awards programs to increase low employee morale and high tumover ratios.
