DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary

Self-starting business development expert with 20+ years as a top sales perfonrer in various markets. Highly motivated and comfortable with new
ideas, innovative products, corporate sales and start-up enviroments.

Perentens

Established track record of exceptional sales results Selfstarter

Excellent communication skills Exceptional multi-tasker

Compelling leadership skills In depth knowledge of'sakes process
bean Cele an ted borers iat)

schivor anes

Director of Business Development , 06/2014 to Current Company Name - City , State

Increased sakes revenue for software products in the blood banking industry. Managed budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting
for all accounts. Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage. Delivered performance updates,
quarterly business reviews and planning meetings.Negotiated rates to cut costs and benefit corporate partnerships. Identified, coordinated and
participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings. Developed growth plans by identifying key clients, key targets and priority service
lines.

Director of Business Development , 06/2014 to Current Company Name - City , State

Achieved 125% of quota within the first year for sales of custom software development services.Cold and warm calkd 30 new and existing
accounts per day. Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies. Managed budget forecasting,
goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive
advantage. Delivered performance updates, quarterly business reviews and planning meetings.

Director of Business Developrrent , 07/2014 to Current Company Name - City , State

Executed industry validation of new product idea. Conducted product management for UI and front end development of new online marketplace.
Developed marketing and sales strategy for onboarding suppliers and buyers.

Director of Sales Operations and Business Developrrent , 08/2011 to 06/2014 Company Nanx - City , State

Inplemented processes and procedures for sales, project management, and marketing for UI/UX service company. Developed strategic
partnerships with key corporations for distribution and referral networks. Created marketing and business plans for top producing Realtors
resulting in 48% increase in revenue. Designed and implemented new business model for keading profiling fim. Managed development of new
assessment including new User Interface and CRM.

Saks Director , 06/2009 to 08/2011 Company Name - City , State

Achieved 172% of quota within the first year as Sales Manager of website development company. Increased sales revenue by 125% by second
year. Managed 36 direct reports. Hired and trained all sales stafiGenerated monthly and annual sales reports.Created and directed sakes team
training and developrrent prograns.

Regional Publishing Consultant , 12/2007 to 08/2009 Company Name - City , State

Implemented strategic plan to launch CA branch of Nashville based publishing company. Established regional awareness for regional services.
Created presentations specific to marketing needs of potential clients. Developed strategic partnerships to establish referral network. Conducted
C-level and director level presentations.

Senior Sales Representative , 01/2004 to 11/2007 Company Name - City , State

Most new customers company-wide 05 for real estate enterprise software company. Most revenue from new customers 06 - Increased revenue
by 115%. Top Producer 07- Increased revenue by 60%. Averaged 85 outbound calls per day. Shared product knowledge with customers whik
muking personal recommendations. Resolved customer comphints. Led sales team at national conventions and regional training courses.

Owner , 03/1999 to 02/2004 Company Nanr - City , State

Grew company fiom hon office and one truck to 3 regional offices and 9 trucks for food distribution business. Negotiated contracts for products,
assets, and resources to drive lower operating costs. Leveraged sales to increase quality and bulk pricing of products. Recruited, hired and trained
saks staff Provided customer support and ran service calls.

Branch Manager , 04/1996 to 03/1999 Company Name - City , State

Teemeen nnd enenentialer andan bees VINNS Tees Lowe nenencetiior mtantanina te dneednee need nenweneed nectnthen memtncrenslennn MAnietetend Mant ALI Talewnees
