BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
[Osheue Oona ang

Committed and motivated professional with exceptional customer service and decision making skills. Extensive experience working with a diverse
client base and delivering results. High-achieving professional possessing excellent commumication, organizational and analytical capabilities.
Background in business development, customer service and project management.

Skill Highlights
© Probkem resolution
© Results-oriented
* Meticulous attention to detail

¢ Managing multipke priorities © Microsoft Office proficiency

CREO erram escent uae ct
© Employee training and development

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
PAO pcre’

© Improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports, financial spreadsheets, organizational charts and company data reports
using advanced Microsoft Excel fimctions.

© Coordinated all departrrent fictions for team of 40 Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer
database protocols.

Customer Service A

* Handkd customers effectively by identifying needs, quickly gaining trust, approaching complex situations and resolving problems to
Prakiticenai LaLa

Planning A

© Arranged, scheduled and coordinated all logistics and travel itineraries for staff of 40 employees.
© Ensured staff was equipped with all necessary supplies and collateral for long distance travel

RY OTT
© Facilitated on boarding of new employees by scheduling training, answering questions and processing paperwork.

Professional Experience
Business Development
February 2015 to September 2015 Company Name - City , State

© Responsibilities have included setting up new with vendors, manufactures and contractors by implementing efléctive networking and content
Perale ccna eectirsl (au oom

Added value to marketing material by introducing creative advertising concepts.

(Ccrerlcs rams exo oeiiiibes inutucuetem a enrevence inure aan ice

Coordinated and managed nujor proposal processes from initiation to implementation.

Successfillly established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking Standardized
department filng system to increase efficiency.

Service Manager
Noverber 2014 to February 2015 Company Name - City , State

© Developed, impkmented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction and manage or-site customer service representatives.
© Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.

System Technology Specialist
Noverber 2012 to January 2014 Company Name - City , State

© Support customers with reconfiguring of system software.
PE) neath bas Gib cre Ast om romuraen am nent (ace
¢ Assist with bringing new systems on line and training,

Project Manager
April 2012 to November 2012 Company Nanw - City , State

© Define project scope, goals and deliverables.
