BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook *Salesforce.com CRM (Customer Relationship Management) * Virtual and cloud computing environment
Professional Experience

Business Development Manager

RAO ROt cna Ge aN Er LO NES I

© Sales and marketing of utility engineering and design services including staffaugmentation to mid-sized companies and investor-owned
utilities.

© Clients include LG&E-KU, EKPC, AT&T, Time Warmer and IndustriavCommercial.

Double digit increase in sales by developing strong relationships with clients, staff, partners, and management from initial contact through

Finn yenrennitees

© Proven ability i building name brand awareness through various marketing techniques.

Responsible for launch of new turm-key energy saving business segment in January 2012 resulting in $500,000 in new business within 7

months.

Received first purchase for new business in 46 days from start of service.

Sellmg ROI to C-Suite and buiking owners.

Achieved goal of $1,000,000 + in pipeline in 180 days.

1,056,737 im quoted business for 22 new clients.

Account Executive
November 2009 to June 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

* Sales and marketing of Lean Six Sigma Consulting services to small and mid-sized companies.
¢ Consulting and solution skills applied for marketing to small-to-mid-sized companies in the greater Louisville and Lexington Markets.
© Green Belt Training in Lean Six Sign.

Senior Account Executive
January 2008 to June 2009 Company Name 1 City , State

© Sales and marketing ofnetwork computer software and hardware systems in addition to integration and managed services.
© Targeted C-Level executives, IT manager and engineers in banking, manufacturing, healthcare and insurance industries.
© Partnered with cross-fimetional teams to identify, develop, qualify and close business opportunities.

* Wrote proposal, calculated and presented ROI analyses, and negotiated contracts.

© Created e-mail marketing programs and monthly newsletter.

Manager

RES AURORA mA Gee lian ci cele NEST

© Responsible for new business development and growing sales in Kentucky territory with a sales target of $25 million.

© Sales of Expense Managerrent Solutions to new middle market business segments (companies with annual sales; revenue between $10

Peril eniesrne Ya Ue licen)

Effectively filtered and qualified prospects and built pipelines to ensure targets are exceeded.

Focused on vertical marketing to Auto, Construction, Medical, and Manufacturing markets.

Achieved 138% of Goal.

Developed methods for prospecting and closing medical practices which resulted in closing 14 new doctor practices with a total of S2mmin
FUVeOR MO) Ten

© These techniques were duplicated and shared around the region resulting in 10% increased sales among tears.

Sales Account Manager
January 1994 to January 2002 Company Name 1% City , State

* Responsible for opening new accounts and managing long-termclient relationships of key OEM accounts totalng more than $4 million.

© Worked closely with design engineers at OEM clients in cross-fimctional teams to provide value-added components and assemblies.

© Identified new business opportunities well aligned with business capabilities and client needs.

© Clients include decision mers at accounts that require design, development and manufacture of custom metal stampings, springs, wire
Preece lhe

Key Account Manager
January 1991 to January 1994 Company Name ¥% City , State

© Opened new markets with focus on applianceand office products industry along with other high-volume industries.

© Broke new ground with the development, maintenance and servicing of key OEM accounts totaling $2 million.

¢ Multi-national company with operations in 13 countries involved in the design, development and manufacturing of custom engineered plastic,
foam and rubber components.

Education
