BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER,

Professional Summary

Experienced, driven and successfill Sales Professional recognized for consistently growing sales revenues and profitability. Frequently selected by
management to open new territories and rapidly develop saks pipelines through the use of innovative and innginative sales and marketing
programs that achieve maximum market exposure and penetration. Parlays commitment to community and passionate for causes supported into
strong networking and business alliances. Proficiencies: Solution Based Sakes Key Relationship Management Business Development Project
Management Product Knowledge Territory Management Customer Education & Training Marketing & Brand Positioning Stakeholder
SSiluteanang

Skils

Work History

09/2013 to 08/2014

Business Development Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

Se eo cB cairn eReluasLee mayest g CN eae ee oer HUE OP Cat nek a Bel Crom One can ewe

© Govemnnnt, Health Care, Life Sciences, Information Technology and Telecommumications industries.

¢ Accomplishments: Consistently grew sakes revenues and profitability Extend coverage of Indianapolis office to cover Midwest region
Rapidly developed the sales pipelines with innovative and imaginative sales and marketing programs.

01/2012 to 01/2013
Network Solutions Consultant Company Name a€“ City , State

Se dO Erne clean Roce om ORCL Tiguan cS anne ana Mec eeIA i eantrranemeyenaeat era kal oe
organization catering to Information Technology industry in providing staffing solutions.
Pr atwcusreisiien iy

01/2011 to 01/2012
Relocation Consultant Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Served as recognized expert and solutions partner to clients of leader in the relocation industry in National Account and Commercial
Relocations while managing contract administration and compliance for book of business.
* Accomplishments

01/2006 to 01/2008
Director Company Name a€“ City , State

SON cmcalexei i emo mca mi nhs MUR MU icirece ROI ESRC aeolmasmlne mse att enk
* setting and maintaining bar for National and Commercial accounts were maintained at high level of customer.

* satisfiction within client expectations, timelines and budgets.

« Accomplishirents

01/2005 to 01/2006
Comercial Relocation Consultant Company Name a€“ City , State

ere eROon newb Co eee oUaelecloenbuirteorangomatcos mice centerkarnareesrn eee
relocation services,

Generated sakes in the areas of Household goods, National Accounts and Commercial relocations.

Bitch tospuoratc locus coomouamenen er eetived Bremer ce

Aree Mi miele rant ene eAal ints angie cctna coneresitaerte aca hire aa nya

Sissies Ros RMU Us eter ON EOE eC Ka HURON OB Brum elt ss

01/2004 to 01/2005
Relocation Consultant Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Led tears, managed projects and provided relocation managerment services that increased the effectiveness of sales staff in support of
keading company with locations in IN, KY and OH.
¢ Acconplishrents

01/2002 to 01/2004
Regional Manager Company Name a€“ City , State

© Expertly provided COD Saks, National Account Saks and Commercial Sales in Indianapolis, IN marketplace and.

© surrounding states (OH, MI, KY, TN and IL) for leading relocation organizations for Mayflower in the United States.

¢ Worked with both domestic and international relocations generating gross sales exceeding $500,000.

PSS GN ca unned bana ba ledsimacoetp nog laces porcccdtcns ment teased) bio cenit otce
¢ Developed effective and innovative Customer Relationship Management and marketing techniques.

Education
