SR. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR
Professional Summary

© Highly ambitious in business development with background in sales, and marketing, A Expertise in market analysis, forecasting and client
needs assessimenis.

* Motivated in business sales with solid experience managing all levels of large-scale projects, including budgeting and administration.
Proce e Wrraiccror mane ean eUenada ters tema ects alice
CR ese Mcnlikonna aren hie asm ocntcis as onl mien scenes en imcce nn tor
* Dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and company expectations.
© Clint-focused Sakes Representative with 8+ years of providing solutions to customers. Solid understanding of the [ systems and program
Bc
als
© Strong verbal communication © Teamleadership
© Data management Csr la rreltvciee
© Process implementation © Project management
Cae icsllbezetaivey * Conflict resolution
© Budgeting and finance CMS Srraatcen ange emecccr names vic)
Work History

Sr. Business Development Director , 01/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Manage and develop business relations with insurance marketplace clients sales.

© Direct sakes team with software sales nationally.

* Consult clients to assess technology requirements and advise on software to address their needs.
© Lead project management for compkete life cycle of software build and customization.

TT Program Manager , 01/2012 to 01/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Successfillly built the confidence and trust of major companies, in Xerox software and support through astute assessment of client needs and
the development of strategies to meet them, raising customer satisfaction ratings from ‘not happy’ to ‘extremely happy’.

© Devised and implemented a core process for project management that ensured sustained support, eliminated errors and achieved high levels
cats nemrlis nace

* Managed projects and support teams providing high quality of service to Xerox clients in Europe and USA, installing and supporting
Reolponim cern Roc ennnner seria won@uccl pen eai en taal iines

© Directed a teamof 15 in the setup ofa complex Xerox mailroom in Poland, networked between 3 countries, with a budget of $2M.

* Provided project management for full lifecycle enhancerrent and break fix projects, recovering lost revenue.

Quality Engineering Analyst , 01/2007 to 01/2011
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Instructor on Six Sigma tools and implementation techniques in a classroom setting.
Assisted in preparation of marketing mnterials for inter-departrental clients.
Impkmented Six Signa site support for best practice, and lead 20 departrents in Six Signa Lean pilot projects on production line and
iced ethene De Mintee el benraib aM cence i sian etCE ce eee Onl COPaN is yim
© Coordinated Six Sigm best business practices/tier audits/environmental health and safety planning for rocket engine production and NASA
support with configuration management Led a team that achieved company 'Gold Standard! for the development and delivery ofa customer
focused strategy that consistently achieved error free completion, and on time delivery, in full consultation with customer to ensure needs
Sacep ram
On time delivery equated to a savings of $1.5M for the company.
Developed quality management programs to assist internal staff, suppliers, customers and partners with initiatives to re-engineer processes
and methods that ensured the attainment of cost, efficiency and quality objectives.
© Assessed, monitored and implemented systermtic process improverrents on a wide variety of compkx projects including but not limited to
building space shuttle min engines, RS-25 engine, X-51 Hypersonic engine, Nuclear and Ekctric ION engine, RLI0, F119 and F135
military jet engines.
CEM UCEST nem rare Wyemee ticle
Quality Engineering Analyst , 01/1997 to 01/2007
Company Name a€“ City , State

© Played a key role in the Advanced Projects Group - Radar cross section X and Ku band Material science methods for ceramic mterials
with AutoCAD Nozzle design for jet engine with infrared applications.

¢ Technical analyst for F-22 F119 engine and F-35 F135 engine IR and Radar cross section analysis Held responsibility for providing
information security support for all classified Nispom programs.

* Provided departrent business development consultancy to identify and implement process improvements.
