VP OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Professional Overview

Accomplished Business Development executive with 7 picts) of experienceA in life science startups and clinical research organizations. I also have
PLM Siete Lem nurotnerarea Cee a enema sculeelielumng veer ie onl amencanya
brairestbeny

December 2012

Finance McCallum Graduate School at Bentley University Finance Extensive case-based exercises in capital budgeting, corporate finance,
marketing sizing, equities, bonds, common financial covenants, and options. Experience in valuations including risk-adjusted net present value using
WACC and CAPM and comparables

May 2011

Bachelor of Science : Economics & Finance Bentley University Cum Laude Economies & Finance

schivor anes

AU CR eretacans

VP of Business Development Company Name if City , State

PainQx (PQX) is a diagnostic/software company that developed a next generation approach to objectively measure pain in humans by
decoding neural activity.

Incorporated the PQX platform in six clinical trials to be used as a pain biomarker to gauge the efficacy of experimental therapeutics.
Raised $500k from angel groups and venture finds.

Identified a joint venture partner in China leading to a $1M investirent.

Developed an economic model demonstrating that the PQX technology reduces costs to health care providers by converting poorly
managed pain patients to well managed pain patients, saving up to $8,500 per patient.

Created financials statements including an income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow to justify capital raise and share with investors.
Centralized contacts, alliances, and investors into a CRM system streamlining the business development.

Developed all investor facing and business development presentations.

Formed a strategic alliance with Evoke Neurosciences to incorporate their EEG headset into the PainQx platform providing a tumkey
solution to clinical research sponsors.

Coordinated bottoms upmarket survey that interviewed 100 physicians to validate the PainQx value proposition and identify new markets
for the platform

Sourced, pitched and won a grant by the National Institue on Drug Abuse (NIDA) recognizing PainQx as one of 10 companies national that
could address the opioid epidemic.

Put together a SBIR Fast Track Application to be reviewed by NIDA.

06/2012 to 01/2016
Co-Founder VP of Business Development Company Name 14 City , State

SCONE ce his ecient Lani ecto reeRe mR LOB LO MEO In au onl La EDL e I Cey NEAL Lene Rebeca Ng
Feeling yo em

This information allows entrepreneurs to identify investors and strategic that meet their fimdraising and partnering needs.

Since inception LSN has generated S4M in revenue, with 2016 revenue of S3M.

In 2015, LSN launched a broker-dealer, Boston Innovation Capital, to execute findraising campaigns between $5M - $20M.

Oversee all aspects of operation such as sales, financial projections, IT, managerent, and marketing,

Grew the LSN team to 22 employees: 7 business development representatives, 6 researchers, 4 conference representatives, and 2

Pre cea

Created pitch decks, executive summaries, and websites for twelve bioteclYmedtech companies, resulting in increased investor
responsiveness.

Utilize SakesForce.com to host LSN's back end data and linked it with an established graphical user interface, saving over SIM in R&D
(oN

© Deep knowledge of database and informtion systems including profile structuring, data segmentation and aggregation, and filtering.

© Personally sourced, pitched, and closed over $1M in consulting and data services from Big Pharm, CROs, and emerging bioteclYmedtech
companies.

Helped create fimdraising strategy for thirty-four biotech/medtech companies including EIP Pharma, Hsiri Therapeutics and JB Therapeutics
(Corbus Pharm).

Built personal network of over 1,000 life science investors, life science entrepreneurs, investirent banks, family offices, and big

Si)isieney teeta (oa ence hy ecm

02/2011 to 07/2012
Abpro specializes in the generation of custom monoclonal antibodies. The foundation of Abpro's techn Company Name i City , State

Abpro specializes in the generation of custom monoclonal antibodies. The foundation of Abpro's technology is the HTP platform, a
genetically engineered mouse with a boosted immune system, enabling the mouse to have a broader epitope spread facilitating the generation
Oeuivaccew omni hAeiLananynackire cee CO CMe BLOT Leies etelsinissae

Personally closed $1.6M in new business revenue.

Part ofa business development team that grew sales from$700,000 in 2010, to $2.2M in 2011, and $4.0M in 2012.

Participated in a financing campaign that aimed to raise $3.4M in debt from various banks and mezzanine debt fimds.

Modeled the present value of debt based offerings to provide investment decisions to upper management.
