BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Ritirersa

¢ Business Development Manager & Talent Acquisition Specialist equipped with the excellent negotiation skill, market insight and business

acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success.

Motivated BDM & Recruiter adept at business prospect research, product promotion and account expansion in the Information Technology

(IT) market.

¢ Business Development Analyst skilled at advising large corporations on business logistics, including talent acquisition retention and
operational efficiency with major projects meeting deadlines.

¢ Business development expert with 5+ years as a top sales performer in in the Stafling/Recruiting Services market. Comfortable with new

ideas, innovative products and start-up environments.

Skilled at establishing and maintaining strategic partnerships to generate essential business opportunities.

¢ Business development professional experienced in sales management, marketing, technical presentation creation and service training,

© Business Development Manager versed in building strategic partnerships through persuasion, negotiation and personal presence. Business
Clave orang Nee Rian ME Te tee in omonertneneelne iaatuie ON AeO OL OE eee Te

oy

Shannan

© Fortune 500 partner experience : meri w

¢ Excellent sales techniques eer een arn

© National account management ana eee

7 Lainie sks cca * Amlytical probkmsolver

. nt in Spanish 5 .

ae ee ree en © SmuSearch, JobDiva, MaxHire & Sugar CRM systems expert
Experience
09/2015 to Current

Business Development Manager Company Nam - City , State

Increased monthly sales by 50% by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base.

Cold and warm called 80+ new and existing accounts per day.

Developed a new customer base consisting of 3 accounts.

Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.

Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.

Targeted new long-term business partner prospects and closed 2 deals in2 months in the IT Recruiting/Stafling industry.
Tracked RFPs and bids to develop new business opportunities.

Optimized current revenue streams by networking for additional business prospects with established clients.

CON ee mMooeiaccneG ite nl cr@telonsoslbeicieny nl sume ebro tiie

Added value to marketing material by introducing creative advertising concepts.

Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.

03/2013 to 09/2015
Business Development Manager Company Narre - City , State

Developed and integrated market plans to efficiently position the company brand within targeted markets.

Coordinated and managed major proposal processes from initiation to implementation.

Marketed and developed key accounts by favorably representing the company at membership and community fictions.

Researched economic processing factors to determine the best process and sales strategies.

CN ornecRon ins a OME aH cCM MCR anmeesr tact belie sscu ce

Created and conducted unique marketing proposal presentations and RFP responses.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of industry, target accounts and competitive landscape.

Colkborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts, identify potential customers and coordinate service demonstrations.
Generated new sales opportunities through direct and telephone selling and emails.

Leveraged lead generation tools to increase profitability and product presence in the marketplace.

Developed growth plans by identifying key clients, key targets and priority service lines.

Answered candidates’ and clients’ questions regarding recruiting services, salary/pay rate negotiations and the job descriptions presented.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.

Added value to marketing material by introducing creative advertising concepts.

Cold and warm called 80+ new and existing accounts per day.

Develope d a new customer base consisting of 5 accounts in addition to supporting 10 additional existing clients Nationwide.

Jvc (ee Rr eLa Cas Rosh eBL on] Le

Cr ee

07/2010 to 12/2012
Talent Acquisition Consultant / Account Executive Company Namx - City, State

¢ Recruited and interviewed 48 applicants per year.
