NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary
BUSINESS LEADER & SALES MANAGER Colhborative Management / Business Strategy / New Business Development An accomplished
keader with a strong background in complex, high-volume and revenue business operations. A proven passion for customer service and operational
excellence, demonstrated by extreme dedication and commitment to job duties and responsibilities. Drives positive financial and operational
performance through completion utilizing a cross fimctional team to deliver these objectives to the satisfaction of customers.
Highlights

¢ New customer acquisition ,

Pa en te 4 Cates lace el ebinecl <a
« Direct mail campaigns

ei iiaieehil ly © Stakeholder relations

© Special events phnning

Accomplishments

ROTO ramet ecccUe meat mY Cent

CAS Certification from Promotional Products Industry

crm tne Sue cl eeae)ealretteN

Promoted from Account Manager to New Business Developnent A afterA nineA months of employment.
schivor anes

02/2014 to Current

NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Company Name i City , State

Nob rraeccesieetorieeceuactokueneeirem icc unetwekerd eran

Bring new business accounts to the inside sales team for follow up and to build the foundation of new custorrer sales.
Selected accomplishments: Provide consultation services to custorrers to help plan their marketing strategy.

Utilize promotional products, printing, direct mail and emuil marketing to achieve a 50% increase in sales fom 2014 to 2015.
Forged long-lasting relationships with the community, suppliers and other nearby retaikrs.

I a eakros kroner ccee serine walt aa

Log sakes orders with 2 different software programs.

Accurately upload customer details and select inventory quantity and delivery date for their orders.

Regularly meet with suppliers to determine products that were in high demand.

Champion the execution of Lootfest, a promotional products tradeshow that drew a crowd of 300+ peopk.

Host 2 lunch and learns to create a positive innge of the business.

Train, educate and mentor sales representatives, acting as technical product expert for all new and existing promotional products.
¢ Directly increase sakes by $10,000 monthly.

06/2010 to 01/2014
Company Name i City , State

© Marketed and sokl promotional products to customers.

* Liaised with senior management at customer locations to determine their overall business strategy as well as their sales and marketing goals
Bie Reeuliiece

Selected accomplishments: Placed the correct products at customer locations based on their interview responses.
Closely monitored the success or failure of products to constantly reconfigure strategy and product offerings.

Getto kguinalacl cian Wonnke marca hie

Aggressively targeted new customers and generated new revenue streams through exciting presentations and strategies.
Creatively designed marketing programs for each department, specific to their targeted demographic.

Assisted sales associates in obtaining an average of 10 new accounts each month.

Maintained the cleanliness and overall design of the showroom, rotating product offerings to showcase new products.
Optimized product placerrent to drive new interest in those products by 30%.

TPAC RRP CU
INSIDE SALES MANAGER Company Nant 1% City , State

Driving force in the inside sales department, directing new accounts towards qualified inside salespeople.
Effectively trained, on-boarded and mentored sales associates to ensure their continued success.

Rd culecr coors Si un@ nlite my Ce eurla meee ae RoNmlbencL cme (aeitaine cna
Provided critical input to graphic design based on the customer's profile and demographic audience.
Ran reports to analyze sales performance and raw data.

Compiled this information in to reports for senior management.

Adjusted saks strategy to steadily increase sales by 20% quarterly.

Delivered all projects on time and within the specified budget.

Continually searched for cost and time savings that met and exceeded expectations for each project.
Drafied new policies and procedures for the sales department and new account acquisition department.

Education
ROSE STATE COLLEGE %% City , State Taken Business and Marketing Classes
