BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
Program Coordinator bringing extensive background nA Training Coordination,A System Adiinistration, and Operations . Organized,
resourceful and detail-oriented with exceptional planning and decision-making abilities.
Core Qualifications
© Troubleshooting and problem solving

* Exceptional telephone etiquette : praia ied
¢ Professional demeanor ene
care ee ° De ce
© a€<Employee training and development
schivor anes

Business Development Coordinator

May 2016 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

Technology Coordinator

October 2014 to May 2016 Company Name 1% City , State

Supports Region Director of Technology and five System Engineers by tracking and forecasting opportunities from start to finish.A Proposal
creation in paperkss proposal system A A Created contracts upon new or amendedA technology sales.A A Manages all aspects of the Learning
Managernent System and serves as the main point of contact for the South Region which consists of 11 states and Puerto Rico.A Serves as the
SSE/SOA Administrator for the south Region by setting up users, changes related to splits/merges and terminations, and Roe MAC er
POUR ENON M MEO hee eek crac ney eran Caveanta fore cee og Ol rer atoie WW CO en cm Non neon vera
meetings and maintains weekly Region training schedule for Operations, Sales, and HR content.

ous ie@relicieg

February 2014 to October 2014 Company Name 1 City , State Carries out diverse administrative duties and implements organizational policies
and practices on behalf ofand as directed by the Region President. Aids the Region President by coordinating office services, such as personnel,
records control, and conducting special management studies. Manages all aspects of the Leaming Management System and serves as the main
point of contact for the South Region which consists of 11 states and Puerto Rico. Liaison between the Region Office and shared services
fictions and proactively resolves day-to-day operational issues. Collects, organizes, compiles, analyzes and presents information pertaining to
operations such as financial reports, budgets, customer service reports, and company or supervisor report requests; Compiles data and arranges
for final preparation of reports for management decision-making. Plans and schedules meetings and events; maintains calendar of appointrents and
os ULarie com Gustine a cemient Lan aicn

Eo ca PACS NE

April 2012 to April 2013 Company Name iA City , State

Supported the Owners in business start up.A Coordinated conférence calls, meetings, and travel arrangements.A A Monitored and replenished
Per OMZakniccnodoatinehnmniredce ence tl Cathie cia MO evuskmescroccre Ren Een rcncene cata WWW cco
Om hucdeeR artemis saen asm

**This was an interim position while in the process of relocating to Georgia.

Technical Support Coordinator

June 2011 to March 2012 Company Name i'% City , State First tier level of diagnosis, resolution, and contact for the various Canfield Imaging
ec mGcnerire daca yaork eras tance oe Ac Manl rome recciaeeemirieac oleate
voicemail, and ermail requests for assistance from end-users experiencing problems with hardware, software, and networking issues in support of
Canfield hardware and software.A Create and process Return Merchandise Authorizations for equiprrent that needs to be replaced or
repaired.A Multitasking between fick! responsibilities and internal technical development.A Wored with project teams to develop equipment
instruction guides.A Created retum merchandise authorizations and coordinated equiprrent use for clinical trials. Processed, tracked and
expedited client orders for ovemight delivery. Eliminated paper orders and RMA forsA by creating electronic versions that reduced data entry
time by 50%,

Ones Pinnicslog

AEM Omer AAUP EOen nani aT LOIN mmc

Coordinated scheduling of monthly staff meetings, with participants from various parts of the company using both audio and video
arrangements.A Supported all nurses and doctors in the practice. Coordinated work schedules for the muses and ensure proper coverage is in
pce. Attended all clinical meetings, created agendas, and kept meeting minutes. Tracked special projects and timelines to ensure compliance.
Reviewed, updated, and evahuted metrics for RNs to ensure engagement and patient satisfaction is met. Daily administration of resource
Prien ene nw caste iEsarab rlcacpemraat ada

Specialist, User Applications

January 2007 to May 2010 Company Name 1% City , State Monitored daily administration of Saba keaming managenent ere
Pedagogue assessment system for over 6,000 internal and fickl associates .A Diagnosed and provided first level support for transcript and
kaming management system issues. Analyzed helpdesk call database and identified trends to actively resolve recurring system issues. Reduced
response time for client system issues from 48 to 24 hours. Trained all internal and regional coordinators on the Saba eaming management system
Established and implemented standard operating procedures for all testing initiatives. Created, administered, and proctored all product testing for
ficld associates. Created and refined commumications, training manual, and FAQs.

Training Coordinator

October 2001 to January 2007 Company Name 1 City , State

Ware Komniendtcumran tet et taal Pe TOC noe we Vote orap susp ece cee ARIEL emsrs Ee
training lists, invitations, attendance rosters, scheduling events, and assigning pre-work. Consolidated electronic evaluations/data for all sales

NE SEC ene mene romi cm On nes Vance rea Vcuiercmcnee WMinieocnoikkel once etre Roars
