BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
bs hata

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

Fluent in 4 European Languages: English, French, Italian and Greek.

Proficient in Microsoft and Mac phitforms. Good knowledge of Google docs, Quicken and Tradeware's ordering, shipping and
ftioueilbenmistaeen ene en

Involved in various fictions and fimdraisers in the school's PTA. Chaired the Ross School's must successfull Auction in 2011 raising
$250,000. Appointed Ist VP of fimdraising in 2012. Ako chaired the school's wine auction in 2010 and the annual fimdraising party in
yA UR

© Highly organized, enthusiastic and financially astute.

ry

Personabk and energetic.

Experience
See POA en cneyalLad
PN PAR ROr ican e@orrein ance LON mms

Ce er | ry ee ee

Founded a language service to assist individuals and corporations with foreign language requirements.

Oia liane Poe ccca bro ccerlenkep bP eens enutanviennananem nol

Develop proprietary teaching and trainmg materials tailor made for each student group.

Translation services (written and simultaneous) in and out of Italian, French and English.

Check transhtion's technical terms and terminology to ensure that they are accurate and remaining consistent throughout translation
revisions.

Translation and interpreting experience ina variety of industries, including communications, bio-medical and aviation. Reporting to the
Managing Partner, accountable for acquisition of new business and retention of existing clients in North America and EMEA.
Created and planned business strategies and budgets to meet the companys sales objectives and increase business opportunities,
Generated opportunities for meetings with key decision makers to drive the sales process forward.

Initiated and implemented sales strategies to increase profitability with key accounts.

Provided kadership and networking knowledge to the customers and maintenance of'an appropriate presence in the industry.
Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies, based on knowledge of the company's objectives, market characteristics, cost and

Fenster eB Caos
Used sales forecasting or strategic planning to ensure the sale and profitability of products and services.

CMP lietPesincoeCe en erUn ce Them renenet Sis cam ican ece
© Coordinated and participated in promotional activities and trade shows, working with developers, advertisers and production managers, to

market products and services.

Ri ee @\yauicaunea WEnanog
October 2006 to March 2008 Company Narne i City

Responsible for the overall sales and marketing policies to reflect the company’s strategies and objectives.

Developed and implemented a sales and marketing program and corporate identity for this UK start-up company.

Planed and created all the company’s marketing and communication materiab.

Initiated and executed a sales plan with the objective of growing the company in the North American market.

Researched strategies and plans which identified marketing opportunities, both domestically and intemationally for direct marketing and new
project development.

Successfilly implemented the company’s sales and marketing plan, which directly resulted in a new sister office being opened in the US.

Nas SEI Ve st
March 1994 to July 2001 Company Name i4 City

ee

Cr a)

Reporting directly to the CEO co-ordinated and directed the company's sales and marketing fimctions for EMEA.

Cron s alse kc Lexe uae om Comer aD Ley

Developed and co-ordimted sales selling cycles and methodologies.

Directed and oversaw the company’s marketing fiction to identify and develop new customers for its products and services.
Created and managed sales and marketing budgets to include press, public relations, advertising and community outreach.
Supervised the planning and generation of the company's marketing and communication materials and the preparation, issuance and delivery
eas Mo te energy urii ce

Directly managed critical and new client accounts and co-ordinated the managerrent of other accounts.

Managed the relationship with partners (domestic and international), vendors, distributors and VARs.

Responsibke for the repositioning of the company and the creation and execution ofan aggressive marketing strategy, including a new
mes ianinmndurtneed rr cenon anne cna

bool PSST
January 1991 to December 1994 Company Name 1% City

Reporting directly to the Chairman, responsibk for all administrative support relating to scheduling, expenses, meetings, travel, client
raatbensnemislseen cn
