SENIOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Executive Summary

Resilient and focused management professional providing 15+ years of progressive keadership experience with proven success in developing,
growing, and managing account portfolios. Strong strategic-planning and people-managerent skills. Leverages in-depth knowledge of industry
trends and shifts to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion. Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral and
interpersonal communication skills.

Core Qualifications
© Strategic positionng ¢ Account management
* Contracts © Competitive analysis
© Strategic planning © New customer acquisition
© Critical thinking © Stakehokler relations
Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Senior Business Development Mamger
© Washington, D.C.

Aug, 11, 2003 thru May 18, 2007 (8 am- 5 pm) Governmment-sponsored enterprise (GSE) which operates under a congressional charter

whose mission is to expand the flow of mortgage money by creating a secondary mortgage market. Senior Business Development Manager:

Created, executed, and oversaw both short- and long-term strategic plans and initiatives within the affordable housing sector. Led and

supported business teams ina highly nutrixed organization in addressing and resolving complex banking and financial transactional issues.

Worked collaboratively with individuals across multiple fimctional Lines of Business on specific activities; interacted with external

stakehoklers in roke as "Trusted Advisor” to address their respective business requirements and objectives. Managed deliverables per client

needs, on tire, and within compliance. Created project status briefings, reports, project artifacts Including agendas, minutes, project plans,

and correspondence. Developed and tracked metrics to measure progress on plans and initiatives. Key Accomplishirents:

¢ Met Emerging Markets objectives for target year by exceeding 25% threshold in Washington D.C. & Philadelphia Metropolitan Statistical
Areas (MSAs).

* Evaluated and supported 21 initiatives across various regjons nationwide, including the Native American Tribal Lands & AARP/Fannie Mae
Collaborative Housing Initiatives, and Center for Community Self-Help.

COU socioRelncicied oonaletioculceodliewaiecn cis RelA cae ORs ceri mic mB OMe ene csi’

homownership within the Latino community as part of Fannie Mae's homeownership commitment.

Developed and implemented the "Manufactured Home" High-End product.

Co-authored and rolled out the "New Hampshire Manufactured Housing Variance” program that served as a model for all other states

seeking to initiate a similar manufictured housing loan program

© Designed and introduced project plans for pilot initiatives in major markets, implementing build strategy to support multiculturaVimuttilingual

outreach efforts for Affican-American, Hispanic, Asian minority and underserved communities.

Business Development / Sales Manager Laid Off): Managed and executed strategic planning initiatives. Assessed client needs into appropriate
solutions with a primary focus on providing IT and BI products, tools, and services (ie., SAP BusinessObjects(TM), Pentaho, iDashboards).
Conducted data mining, research, and analysis activities. Led teams in response to RFIs, RFQs, and RFPs. Expanded promotional and visbility
efforts through trade shows, conferences and networking events.

Oo INANE LO NAB CRU ICAU niatLeg

* Oct. 1, 2012 - Jul 31, 2013 (8 am- 5 pm) Information technology (IT) firm providing customized business intelligence (BD, information
and performance, management, web and support solutions to federal government and commercial clients. Laid Off): Administered
widespread adoption of the corporate strategic marketing plan focusing on products and services, expansion and customer retention through
development of targeted demand generation campaign efforts. Proposed integration of next generation BI tools. Supported regular
communication of key planning initiatives and progress to executive leaders. Facilitated business process improvement by drafting policy and
process guidance including memorandum and standard operating procedures. Promoted company products, services and capabilities
through redeveloped company website incorporating social media and marketing collateral (ie., capability statement, case studies, and white
ele MYT cmc nemeenia momen enOrnca keen Giese Mm Ca watenen siti C tic

Established 12 strategic teaming partnership agreements

Oversaw proposal development and submission that resulted in the following contract awards: S10M Operations & Maintenance contract
under the U.S. General Services Administration, Federal Acquisition Service, Office of the Chief Information Officer, and $1M FedEx
Dashboard Development.

© Designed and launched direct-mail campaign as part of two multi-vendor DE statewide training contracts offering 1,200+ comprehensive e-
Leaming, training, and certification programs with on-site, webinar and self-study web-based options.

Composed and administered over a dozen press releases highlighting business relationship with the Governor's office.

(Kec eklves secu emia lacey muesli Aer Caro am ier eamReChioaine Bil aloamotarcracl

CP riiarcs miners beng MYA URUU UB Om Au cohits Bos ranelne Rica Cees cananhen inition aloe

Company Name City , State Senior Mortgage Specialist

© May 21, 2007 thru Dec. 5, 2008 (8 am- 5 pm) Independent mortgage company with financing of $S00M annually in homeowner loans,
