BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ANALYST
Executive Profile

Business Analyst and Project Manager with specialization in IT Systems well versed in data mapping and user acceptance testing, as well as
solving compkx problerss in high-pressure enviromrents. Excels at cultivating, managing and leveraging client relationships.

Skill Highlights
CEB sspecce a aice slic)
° Project mmanagenent CO Soreegntteced ctincd
° Business process bis seed « Fixed income modeling
° Se ¢ Wealth mamgement
a ahaa aah © Valuation specialist
© Scope and project definition ats
* ‘Technology architecture analysis © Business requirements matrixes
* Integrated Reporting Information System (IRIS) Talented public speaker
° Hd iia alia * Superb communication skills
ees al ‘ « Advanced problem solving abilities
Caen seeraiann linac Par Scnn Tx nie
© Functional requirements °
© Requirement tracing
[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Project Management Training Certification.

Information System, Business Analyst, IT infrastructure, System Analysis and Developrrent, Enterprise Model, Technology and Issues
Becshihies

Impknented strategic change management concept, business intelligence, and the executed of Epic, Diebold, Orack, Infor system projects
Hole seeker ean ice

Demonstrated experience in system fault diagnosis, developing solutions and managing resolution.

Professor of Criminal Justice, Law, and Paralegal.

Exceptional communication skills feeding an ability to understand and interpret the operational needs of businesses at all eveb.

Keen attention to detail in the identification of potential glitches and threats to performance and security for new applications.

reece Rat MUR G Ar eB REED AU Le nites Pen m a emecccr ee B rt oleh nncaniena Lig

Professional Experience
Business Development Analyst
January 2006 to June 2016 Company Name 1% City , State

Executive director of the expansion of current prospects database within specified business sectors to develop and improve a current or
MANIK yb ar aU iecmcy tate)

Developed organizational change management strategies.

Documented process flows and developed requirements for fimctional improvements and enhancements.

[Xero bra nyiba eat Ral SCR aici Pecoe nce me cR COO enecileicmencceReieltemin diene

Analyze "Big Data" and social media data.

Develop a sales contact plan direct marketing, and attending industry events to build relationships with key prospects.

Respond to incoming Requests for Information (RFIs), Requests for Proposals (RFPs), Customer Relationship Management (CRM),
Supply Chain Management, (CSM) ina professional and creative manner.

Understand a prospect's business needs and work with the expert teams to develop a tailored imovative system process.

Designed cost-efficient staffing solutions for companies using Epic, Infor and Oracle resource managerrent software.

Lead colleagues in trade-doubker to identify common new business prospects and cross-sell integrated search and affiliate proposition.
Represent trade-doubler at industry events, including round tables, speaking forums and new business events.

Generate effective leads & exceed sales targets for the business.

Work closely with marketing to identify appropriate go to market messaging for specific business sectors knowledge sharing, kaming &
Clave)

Business Enterprise Risk Manager
January 1998 to January 2005 Company Name 1% City , State

Supervise underwriting and business-to-business enterprise risk management by ensuring that policies contribute to protecting the
organization from potential risks.

Director of 265 satellite offices within the state of Ohio and Kentucky and 8 auditors.

Managed information associated to the organization's operations from intemal sources, including finance, accounting, business development,
marketing, sales, operations, and information technology, in order to contribute to the developrrent of the organization's strategic phn.
Worked and provided the local, state and federal crime authorities with evidence based information for client embezzlement and whit collar
crime cases.

Forecast the prediction ofa cost-benefit analysis during the life cyck of the business and the impact to net worth/earnings for short-term,
