DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary

Dedicated and driven sales and marketing strategist with 8+ years' experience in cloud software industry. Proven ability to research, develop, and
impkerent technical sales and marketing plans. Expert in the technical content development of sales collateral that effectively reinforces the solution
benefits. Skilled writer, trainer and presenter. Fast leamer, works well under pressure, committed to team success.

BS ania}

¢ DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, PRIVACY DATA SYSTEMS, LLC

© Dedicated and driven sales and marketing strategist with 8+ years' experience in cloud software industry. Proven ability to research,
develop, and implement technical sales and marketing plans. Expert in the technical content development of sales collateral that effectively
reinforces the solution benefits. Skilled writer, trainer and presenter. Fast kamer, works well under pressure, committed to team success.
skills & core competencies

Presales and Implementation Support

Dato en iunmeayalicaunenci alae

Competitive Analysis, Market Research

Developrrent of Training Materials

Product Positionng & Branding

Product Demonstrations

Palo esmungumr eee let

Public & Media Relations

Web & Print Content Development

(Oloneclhouea( geaccl «|

Ability to listen, understand, and relay business needs to technical and development tears
Adobe Creative Suite: Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Adobe Acrobat

CRM: Proficiency in administration of Salesforce and Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications including but not limited to customization,
reports and dashboards, and data import/export

Planning/Organization

Exemplary planning and organizational skill, with high degree of detail orientation
Innovative problen+solver who can generate solutions using creativity and past experience
Resourcefil and efficient project manager

Skilled at wearing many hats and thinking outside of the box

schivor anes
Company Name Director of Business Development 07/2007 to 09/2015

* Previous - Director Sales & Marketing Privacy Data Systems, LLC is a software development company that provides SenditCertified , a
patented cloud-based secure communications platform

SenditCertified provides encrypted messaging and large file transfer, eSignatures, cloud-based encrypted storage, and biometric
authentication - and is delivered via web, desktop and mobik apps, MS Outlook integration, and customized API/web services.
Contribute to the development and refinement of the company's vision and strategy Support the overall process of company management
and growth of new business channels Liaise with other department heads on the implementation of the company’s strategic and operational
plans Develop, review, and report on the business development's strategy, ensuring the strategic objectives are well understood and
executed by the team Ensure efficient and effective marketing and advertising planning Perform market analyses, research competitive
landscape Develop and manage strategic sales opportunities Management of VAR/MSP saks channels Management of inside and outside
sales resources Design and administer the company’s CRM system (Salesforce) including reporting, dashboards, custom applications and
data management.

Director of Franchise Saks 01/2003 to 12/2007

© Corporate Atlantic Region, Help-U-Sell Real Estate Assisted Regional Director in management of large 9-state region Oversaw and
executed marketing to potential franchisee candidates Managed consultative sakes process from initial inquiry to close Utilized technology to
increase efficiency during sales process.

Company Name 09/1996 to 05/1999

« Analyzed product need on both company-wide and individualstore basis Allocated merchandise units based on intricate sales criteria
Inspected incoming merchandise for quality control Worked in collaboration with the purchasing team professional skills Communications
Exceptional listener and commumicator Effectively conveys information both verbally and in writing Highly analytical thinking with talent for
streamlining compkex work processes Talent for locating and analyzing online information and market data.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science May 1996 Texas A&M University

pinay

2007-Present Youth Rec. Cheerleading Coach - Allen Sports Association 2010-Present League Director - Allen Sports Association Board
