BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT & MARKETING
iterating

Business Administrative professional with over 5 years of experience providing advanced office support to busy organizations. Strong contract
EMhenictclb alm eeecmnsstconenethekurcne i <lben ts allcm

Perenrene

°

Cr ee ee)

Florida Public Notary

erect ee es UUW eb cMUn cohen mebanecst as
Medicaid billing using IGEA+ software

Ability to coordinate complex projects

Goaloriented individual with strong leadership capabilities.
Excellent calendar managerrent skills

leo Mila elemetict nese)

Woot ia@yiteeb rele ate

Meticulous attention to detail

Self-directed

lar aned
Business Developnent & Marketing
Noverber 2013 to September 2015 Company Name - City , State

e

Acts as a public relations representative externally and internal Conducts facility visits as directed by the CEO Maintain a high-profile
visibility within the emergency transport service community Represent the CAI in different conferences.

Managerent of Social Media accounts.

Seu conOVNetreB es conucm nly

Posted open positions on company and social media websites.

Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.

(ar oe MR otLesom iV ceLnhebnes mince mon eone mcr Gemelineesc hess

Office duties in general

Corporate Associate / HR Assistant
August 2011 to October 2013 Company Name - City , State

ee ee

ee)

Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

Dissolutions and withdraws of Corporations, LLC, LP etc.

Maintain investors accounts updated in SharePoint and Dynamo.

Coordinated complex domestic and intemational travel arrangements for all top executives.

Provided administrative support to the Human Resources Director Assist the HR Director with employee compliances including benefits,
workers compensations etc.

Input vacations, sick and PTO's ina data system for all employees in the USA territory.

Input All New Hire information into a data base program

Assisted with the preparation of the performance review forms.

Prepared of new employee files, verified I-9 documentation and maintained all files.

Maintain a tracking system for I-9 employee work authorizations

Shel Poe ob Lenco aCe Renae mE Cm Monies ee C Ime sranelice le enna er eoeclN
Assisted HR Director with various research projects and/or special projects.

Maintained and reserved the executive conference room cakendar

ot eb merconace uml nce sical ecco ona coomenieltomrareneccraielnemir sts

oor ee Bee QC EBT REE Uove rina

Pn oie Boao
October 2007 to July 2011 Company Name - City , State

ee ee ee }

(Xv hiaacmiohencectem ome Nie rleanecenaced erences Rete

Working with managed care companies in order to determine the kvel of care needed,

Verification of benefits & patient registration

Assists in scheduling for Aide weekday, weekend, and holiday coverage.

Coordimte the LPN's, RN and PT’s schedules.

Schedules nursing on call, holiday, weekends and affer hours staffing,

Sets appointments for admissions nurses.

Verifies next of kin and demographic information Coordinated and accompanied account representatives in making presentations to large
