PARTNER; BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary
A versatile and dynamic manager and marketing professional with more than (20) years of'sales, management, marketing and promotional

experience. A goal oriented and trusted leader, able to communicate effectively with people ofall ages and backgrounds, to work collaboratively
to resolve problens and to motivate team members to achieve personal and organizational objectives.

Highlights
© Integrity first * Experienced manager
© Quality leadership « Customer service-oriented
Pie Sool crave Rcini kent niece mame Eclulneaieemeaueleeircn’
schivor anes
ONE ROS eN Cs

Partner; Business Development Company Name 14 City , State

Joined forces with two long-time colleagues to build a full service marketing agency with a specialization in event/ experiential marketing,
Built and developed the company's overall objectives and strategies to differentiate from other marketing agencies.

Created documents and data used to communicate the company's capabilities via web-site and presentation materials.

Built and successfully presented various strategic marketing plans to prospective clients.

Interviewed, hired and trained members of our executional field teams.

Worked with fick/ executional teams to ensure performance expectations were reached.

© Built and monitored project budgets to maximize ROI.

SPU UR Ue G|
ous Volcom Anite srecLen ena aen snarl LO Nem)

¢ Managed the transition ofan in-house event marketing structure to an extemal event marketing agency by Nand ficstineeedeteuentosiied
CHES RO cule L velo Marindaenepameaclte reece rac aua irene siag ett eed

© Built and implemented a portfolio of consumer engagement promotions and compliance programs focused on music festivals and concerts to

cost effectively maximize our reach among desired and qualified consumers.

Effectively managed $1.2 mm operations budget.

Standardized the fimetionality and consumer flow through our promotional execution footprints resulting in greater brand consistency and

improved efficiency.

Instituted compliance and safety parameters during our consumer engagerrent promotions at large scale events.

Experienced (0) accidents and (0) compliance issues.

Developed a system that measured the impact and brand affinity of our promotions resulting in improve effectiveness.

LOREM OME seco led Oa SU MeUn melita ane cour Te Ea eM Cour OCR LCOB ED Ne \kceRy ct

eorscianaca tcc iaethe soos ernie

© Lead the destruction process for suppliers relating to all out dated, non- compliant, unusable material and equipment.

© Acted as a compliance and policy representative for the company to ensure that all event marketing governance was adhered to.

US PAU ARUP)
Regional Event Marketing Manager Company Name 1 City , State

« Effectively managed all strategic event marketing programs within the largest sales and marketing territory for the company and met or
exceeded all Company desired objectives and goals.

© Developed and implemented an operational and administrative budget of over S3MM to a minimal variance resulting in a very strategic and
focused approach to our business.

© Hired, trained and developed a fulltime staff consisting of (1) Category Growth Manager, (8) Supervisors, and 1) Administrative
Rowieti a

© Ultimately responsible for up to (200) part time employees that were charged with executing (1,100) Marketing events and (428,000)

COST am Nama ce cm eit

Measured event ROI to ensure specific event strategies and tactics were accurate and on target.

Ensured the integration of One-on-One Marketing's strategic initiatives throughout the Regional event portfolio.

Conducted Performance Reviews resulting in continued talent development.

Worked directly with the regional sales team to provide strategic support for sales initiatives and new product launches.

Involved in long term, strategic planning for future growth of Company initiatives by focusing on Category Growth.

Ensured all Regional Programming and activities comply with Code of Corporate Responsibility, Smokeless Tobacco Master Settkment

Agreement, and Company guidelines and policies.

© Partnered with the kegal department to provide oversight on contractual matters and compliance training development and delivery.

COSTA EE Cok tai 201 07
One-on-One Marketing Supervisor Company Name i City , State

© Built brand imagery by incorporating lifestyle activities at (150) relevant events (ie., Motorsports, Rodeo, Outdoors).
© Effectively trained, developed and lead a part-time staffranging from 15-30 employees.
