BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary

Extensive and diverse sales, business development, and management background. Creative professional with records of increasing revenue and
department eflectiveness. Proficient in prioritizing and completing tasks ina timely manner, yet flexible to multi-task when necessary. Customer
focused with diverse industry experience including security, computer, sales, management, psychology, non-profit, and retail. Enjoys keaming new
programs and processes. Team player who is attentive to detail and able to work in fast paced environments. Excellent oral and written

communication skilk.
BS ania}

© Trained in business development : einai ea

* Accomplished inrelationship selling | iDeer aerate

, Friendly and wie Ce Scontor lineman

dL ¢ Analytical problemsolver

© Team kadership © Sales mamgerent

Jeanne

Business Development Manager 07/2015 to Current Company Nam City , State

Generate new business from cold calling efforts

Manage advertisement budget

Maintain key performance measures

Identify, coordinate and participate in client relationship-building activities and meetings.

Assist sales managers with new and pre-owned sales through writing, negotiating, and closing sales
Develop and manage CRM too!

Design social media content and company webpage

Conduct discovery and needs analysis with each potential client

Participate and make recommendation in screening/hiring and development of associates

Sponsorship & Exhibition Account Executive 07/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

Research and develop a list of potential sponsors for each MMA event

Develop and maintain relationships with existing and potential sponsorship clients
Keep precise records of conversations with all clients and sponsors

Invoice sponsors once agreements have been reached

Coordinate various services for clients and sponsors

Assist in preparing promotional material

Maintain knowledge of MMA event timelines and sponsorship deadlines

Internal Operations Manager 08/2014 to 07/2015 Company Name City , State

Manage reconditioning process ofall pre owned vehicks

Resolve customer comphints ina quick and friendly manner

SSGlneleR Eu oets ecowp cena cacy

Noise pon uclne tal koamecd cece secon munnicoicedicdnnes
I ie ees ekoont one alee bes ce AOE eR ROR Tenis}
Develop and share best sales practice throughout service department
Support sales, business office, and buyer when needed

Used Car Manager 02/2013 to 08/2014 Company Name City , State

Procure and sell pre-owned inventory through auction sites, 3rd party vendors, and physical car auctions

PAS Rer Serre m isthe

Assist sales professionals in pre-owned sales including customer relationship building, negotiating, and arranging financing
Increase pre-owned sales from 40 cars per month to 70 cars per month within 3 months

Participate and make recommendation in screening/hiring and development of associates

is ece Rae ralacrle SVE tam PAL eR OR AU ee Oe a Nc ried ON mm

Cold and warm called 80-100 new and existing accounts per day.

Manage advertisement budget

Maintain key performance measures

Contact new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs.
Identify, coordinate and participate in client relationship-building activities and meetings.

Assist sales managers with new and pre-owned sales through writing, negotiating, and closing sales
