SR. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR
Accomplishrents

© Cyber security chssified systems - Department of Defense: held Top Secret, Secret Clearances Windows server networks, Disaster
Recovery, Microsoft Office applications Guest Teacher Lee County Schools Career Counseling High School and Colkge evel Low Vision
support software, Guide, Zoom Text, Jaws support Classroom keture training on Aviation and commercial business topics EH&S Tier 1,2
Bie oe enciee glam

Professional Summary

Top producing sales professional and expert in the aerospace A industry. Dynamic communicator who consistently exceeds goals and company
expectations.

Motivated business developer with solid experience managing all levels of large-scale projects, including budgeting and administration.
Client-focused Sales Representative with 8+ years of providing solutions to customers. Solid understanding of the [ systems and program areas].

RS lg
¢ Risk management processes and analysis : Sse ocean
¢ Teamkadership Pxoronmccnsnen Peas
© Staffdevelopment See sirtrcnecenetBlestr ac
Pe eis eoncis © Strong verbal communication
© Self motivated CMe ester p rater)
eS cts * Conflict resolution
Work History

Sr. Business Development Director , 01/2014 to Current
Company Name a€“ City , State

Manage and develop business relations with insurance marketphce clients sales.

Picola ca TRON choRcL comes ceili

Consult clients to assess technology requirements and advise on software to address their needs.
Lead project management for compkte life cycle of software build and customization.

ihe) crrenimr lati eea Coca I ecili et Sum PAZ Bure ule Cenc t ele be kicm

IT Program Manager , 12/2012 to 01/2014
Company Name a€“ City , State

Rhee Mi Meni a Reon once ame eee meen scl emUP ordco loli Et ain nena enccec ange ca lansuacectt
eee Saeco acs eT UEMUSO OesS OnbNa mm occa ar Buin tucbnvas ad
sales support in closing client software purchases resulting in 1.8 million in sakes in one physical year

PSE Bir) cank cued econ Om MU Cua isa ananlali eat RuCclras Rn nemo ce Roem tce en nas)
Sears onamesic ate e

Managed projects and support teams providing high quality of service to Xerox clients in Europe and USA, installing and supporting
scanned invoice data software and international network installation between 4 countries.

Directed a teamof 15 in the setup ofa complex Xerox mailroom in Poland, networked between 3 countries, with a budget of $2M.

ee ede ecasrertancs om Mscawa Caltirecnareaieicl ai sei) eacmcnn cried serail om

Quality Engineering Analyst , 01/2007 to 01/2011
Company Name a€“ City , State

© Led training as instructor on Six Sigma tools and impkementation techniques ina classroom setting,

Assisted in preparation of marketing materials for inter-departrental clients.

Pees ec aE eos Od gan BC MIR orien Cbs eure eelipel ge ieedcLub nat able

business practices including conducting such process improvements as Root Cause Analysis. A Saks engineer support for rocket engine

and jet engine sales for NASA, Lockheed, and US Airforce.

Coordinated Six Sign best business practices/tier audits/environmental health and safety planning for rocket engine production and NASA

support with configuration management Led a team that achieved company 'Gold Standard! for the developrrent and delivery ofa customer

focused strategy that consistently achieved error free competion, and on tine delivery, in full consultation with customer to ensure needs

Derbi cm

PaO i nexiohvoadeel ochre Re wmieky a) M/S umlntonn ng

Ce aloo noice sina acaiane UC SOO SM oR Mne Lome aNe Dp uPoxm inl B Mi itee Ob emanuie caw eee
and methods that ensured the attainment of cost, efficiency and quality objectives.

Assessed, monitored and implemented systermtic process improvements on a wide variety of compkx projects including but not limited to
building space shuttk main engines, RS-25 engine, X-51 Hypersonic engine, Nuclear and Ekctric ION engine, RLIO, F119 and F135
Fenliclnm (aman uincss
