BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary

Hard working and energetic management professional focused on customer satisfaction throughout all stages of the sales life cycle.

BS ania}
Excellent communication skills

i easuatd
; ; © Compelling leadership skills
aria © Exceptional multi-tasker
« Effective Retail Sales Manager

schivor anes
Business Development Manager
September 2012 to March 2015 Company Name

Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.

Determine price schedules and discount rates.

Review operational records and reports to project sakes and determine profitability.

Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.

Confer or consult with department heads to plan advertising services and to secure information on equipment and customer specifications.
Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale.
Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase.

Advise dealers and distributors on policies and operating procedures to ensure fictional effectiveness of business.

Represent company at trade association meetings to promote products.Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. Shared
product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.

Administrative Assistant
April 2008 to June 2012 Company Name if City , State

Diccte mucoid casio seainccee cence Gwin ccm hora aeme yest oem

Prepare and review operational reports and schedules to ensure accuracy and efficiency.

Acquire, distribute and store supplies.

Analyze internal processes and recommend and implerrent procedural or policy changes to improve operations, such as supply changes or
the disposal of records.

Hire and terminate clerical and administrative personnel.

[Oe ral ame sccm OB ese i pcemae Ue ORC

Diccte mucoid casio seainccee cence Gwin ccm hora aeme yest oem

Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze informtion.

Check figures, postings, and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, and proper codes.

Chassify, record, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals and ledgers or computers.
Debit, credit, and total accounts on computer spreadsheets and databases, using specialized accounting software.

Operate 10-key calculators, typewriters, and copy machines to perform calculations and produce documents.

Receive, record, and bank cash, checks, and vouchers.

Comply with federal, state, and company policies, procedures, and regulations.

Compile statistical, financial, accounting or auditing reports and tabkes pertaining to such matters as cash receipts, expenditures, accounts
payable and receivable, and profits and losses.

Code documents according to company procedures.

Reconcile or note and report discrepancies found in records.

Access computerized financial information to answer general questions as well as those related to specific accounts.

Match order fons with invoices, and record the necessary information.

Perform general office duties such as filing, answering telephones, and handling routine correspondence.

Perform personal bookkeeping services.

Cakuhte, prepare, and issue bills, invoices, account statements, and other financial statements according to established procedures.
Cakuhte and prepare checks for utilities, taxes, and other payments.

Prepare and process payroll information.

Compare computer printouts to manually maintained journals to determine ifthey match.

I colonel oR pcceecRy area itcr acess

Transfer details ftom separate journals to general ledgers or data processing sheets.

QU Ler aOhS Once heim Cau etch P OT OmeCi RSG LCOb Cicer VeRelLoml Oana laleerialce
Prepare purchase orders and expense reports.

Perform financial calculations such as amounts due, interest charges, balances, discounts, equity, and principal.
