BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATE

Summary

Brae Rcon inet ea nannrccrerce reer Awl Werner nl Machen Prone ml torance: Wrote tren oer
interpersonal skills nke the candidate successful in seamlessly working with clients, staff members, and other professionals in various areas across
different job levels.A

ae

schivor anes

Business Development Associate 12/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

© Contact new and existing clients to discuss how specific products could meet their needs.
© Identify issues with existing marketing material to drive process improverrents.
© Colkborate with key client stakehoklers and document organizational challenges and business objectives to define client requirements.
© Prepare ad-hoc presentations and proposals for internal projects and external clients.
PAu ras vel gecr a cee om Ob Can Rene nOuENeCOheinc braces Biel cMrancnOMbl) ellcsislricciulecgne itn
GEC esate

Senior Financial Analyst 08/2014 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

© Worked in partnership with key multi-fimctional stakeholders to identify risk, develop remediation strategy and assist in the implementation
of effective contro! structures to help mitigate potential risk.

© Gathered ruks and requirements from the Corporate Operational Risk team to successfilly implement the enterprise wide Spreadsheet
Policy; validated attribute data for over 1,000 spreadsheets, performed risk assessments and gap analysis with all GBAM Finance lines of
Ps eecoe CoM EES tee nURUHeem tied

© Developed and ked internal control training programs for management and employees responsibke for conducting key controls and self
assessinents across all business lines.

le vcriue wala OPAl bem ORO PAU

© Centrally managed an internal enterprise web-based application and acted as a trusted point of contact for over 2,000 users. Successfillly
or-boarded and trained new users and provided continuous support for existing users on system enhancements and evolving fimetionality

© Successfilly managed the activities of 4 team members in multipk locations.

Created training manuals targeted at resolving even the most difficult customerA. issues.

Developed, impkmented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.

Prepared and provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management.A

Developed rapport with the user base by handling difficult issues with professionalism

Led global User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for application improvements; managed enhancements and successfully coordinated testing
results with business and development tears.

brairestbeny
bE) S/R tesco pena OMMPAN Onl ecB\Ulecenm Onan NAO SMES CIC
als

CME Cereo@Oibaemsiniics
© Visio

CRSiatio wos

© Zendesk
