BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST/BRANCH MANAGER
Summary
Well-qualified and results-oriented manager with 10 years of experience in positions of increasing responsibility and duties. Top-performer with a
track record of consistently meeting or exceeding organizational and customer expectations. Skilled at inspiring and motivating staff to better
themselves and others around them Proven team Ieader with experience in performance managerrent, HRIS, training and development, and
candidate recruitment,
Highlights

* Team leadership « Enployce engagement

© Work force management © Procedure development

© Operations mnagement = Training and development

schivor anes
Business Development Specialist/Branch Manager Apr 2015 to Dec 2015
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Ensured the branches located in the assigned market area were properly staffed to meet the needs of the customers.

© Developed necessary procedures and processes to ensure staff operations were efficient and compliant with regulations and internal
cele

Trained staff regarding new and updated policies, procedures and systems.

Served as a Mortgagebot administrator and trainer for loan staff

Submitted loan and mortgage applications, reviewed credit and income to determine recommendation to assigned underwriter.
Reviewed submitted Joan and mortgage applications, imcome documentation, and creditworthiness in order to underwrite applications as
Ey eyae) ease

Cross sold products and services to customers as appropriate.

Ensured all staff members were adequately trained both with respect to product knowledge, operational procedures, and selling techniques.
Conducted sales training and staffdevelopment.

Sittec tiie Fuecr es hecccinmilenid hem Nccreell la at eBnuincvmriitcd

Conducted regularly scheduled sales, product, and customer service meetings.

Maintained branch staff compliance with federal regulations including, but not limited to, Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering, USA
Patriot Act, Regulation CC, Regulation D, Regulation E, and the credit union's information security program.

Called on present and prospective customers and businesses within the office's market area.

Actively participated in the community ma manner that reflected favorably on Members Choice Financial Credit Union.

Directly supervised assigned personnel as follows: Reviewed candidate applications and resumes.

Interviewed candidates for open positions.

Selected new personnel as appropriate.

Made provisions for the proper orientation and training of new personnel.

Reviewed employee performance throughout the probationary period and ona regularly scheduled basis thereafter.

Submitted employee discipline levels and/or discharge.

Reviewed/Approved employee submitted time.

Branch Manager II Apr 2013 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City , State

Communicated with the District Manager, other Branch Managers, and appropriate staff personnel in order to integrate goals and activities.
Managed the Branch in a manner that meets the financial service needs of customers in and around the community.

Worked with the District Manager in establishing branch growth, sales, and profit objectives.

Provided input and established branch objectives as well as outlined strategic plans to meet branch objectives.

Submitted loan applications, reviewed credit and income to determine recommendation to underwriter.

Met with customers regarding loan applications; followed-up with necessary docurrentation for determining the potential acceptance of the
application.

Ensured the branch was being properly staffed and that the staff was trained to meet customer service needs as well as sakes objectives.
Made certain that all office operations were performed in accordance with established bank policies and procedures, either directly or
through appropriate supervisor, e.g, branch balancing, control of vault cash, etc.

Ensured the proper security, maintenance, and cleanliness of the branch; supervised the opening and closing of the building and vault.

Took necessary measures for the securing and accounting of negotiable papers.

Coordinated with the sales staff to establish specific sales and customer service goals for each sales representative.

Ensured all staff members were adequately trained both with respect to product knowledge, operational procedures, and selling techniques.
Conducted sales training and staffdevelopment.

Ensured that all reports and necessary information are completed ina timely manner.

Conducted regularly scheduled sales, product, and customer service meetings.

No aheconnn espa ecmealpaonina bral snrra moan eed cory

Conducted teller drawer audits, ATM audits, and vault audits, ensured branch cash was kept within recommended leveb.

Maintained branch staff compliance with federal regulations including, but not limited to, Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering, USA
Patriot Act, Regulation CC, Regulation D, Regulation E, and the bank's information security program.

* Called on present and prospective customers and businesses within the office's market area.
