BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

lOcosyedts

Self starter, customer focused and detail oriented business professional with multiple industry business development experience complemented by
staffing industry, and Human Resources experience, specializng in business impkerentation and recruiting. Proven track record of consistently
exceeding corporate objectives and quotas. Highly articulate and persuasive communicator abk to reach individuals and groups fromall
organizational levels. Ability to lnison between clients, Human Resources, saks and managerment. Strong writing, editing, and presentation skills.
Extensive background in Networking, Building Customer Relations, Presentation, Sales & Marketing, Follow up, and Project Coordination.
Highly skilled strategic thinker, abe to plan and implement client orientation program that achieve organizational objectives and business
developnent goals.

Summnry of Skills

Microsoft Office Programs, SharePoint, PeopleSoft, ADP Payroll, and Internet applications and Research.

Accomplishments

be ian B ax pain}

AA- Reduced employee tumover by 10% in one year.

Sales & Marketing

A: Increased Accessory Work!'s revenue by 25% in kess than3 months.

BRC ra TIT e4

A; Developed recruiting plans, marketed, and hosted job firs, which filled 120 hard to fill Building Inspector and Plans Examiner vacancies for
The City of Houston's Permitting Center in a period of six months, by sourcing and recruiting nationwide.

Business Development

A; Promoted to the largest territory for Workforce Solutions, post exceeding market share and customer loyalty annual goals, in just over the first
quarter of the year in the second largest territory for the organization.

Business Management

A: Implemented an attendance dischimer, which significantly decreased hiring event cancellations in current Workforce Solutions Center.
Employee Engagement

A; Eamed 2nd highest fill rate in the region for Workforce Solutions, by improving quality of job postings, and actively encouraging Employment
(ee Ticd orem olinems nea ia came yuu ves oan anes Ke

Professional Experience

Company Name City , State Business Development Consultant 01/2015 to Current

Provide Human Resources, Recruiting, Screening, and staffing services to employers in assigned areas.

WOE aun G abet RV TeLaMeln cot cUieee eM NACL iecca acm UNH ohiazeon ume Cone tneg rare cect anCeeln |

being actively involved with targeted professional organizations.

oan ae neciameen a cmncceds hon biral canescens Renin

© Maintain an understanding of employment and business related activities in assigned areas by analyzing data to identify business development
opportunities,

© Understand clients' human resource-based needs and suggest appropriate products, provide advice, or otherwise address the issue.

Follow-up with clients to ensure effective delivery of services and products rendered.

© Develop and process client contracts, renewals, and terminations.

Company Name City , State Recruiting Specialist 01/2014 to 01/2015

Develop and execute recruiting plans.

Market and advertise to reach a broader and wider market of candidates.

ora nono rdiciamenniMcenhcendlloibirai son ieceetne Renin
Impknrniation of prograns, policies, and procedures towards workforce management.
New employee on-boarding, Training and development.

Administrative duties and record keeping related to the hiring process.

Company Name City , State Owner 02/2011 to 08/2013

Operated a small business selling fashion accessories both locally, as well as online.
Direct Saks and Business to Business Saks.

Developed excellent rapport with all my clients.

evokes Brana a er Br entice

Company Name City , State Language Arts and Intensive Reading Teacher; Spanish Club Sponsor 09/2006 to 06/2010

© Impknented community service to help benefit needy local residents with programs such as Coats off Our Backs, Can the Principal, Spring
School Supply Drive, A Christmas Carol, Military Shocboxes, and Club Ckar-up.

© Successful in advancing students reading kevel by 88% ina period of one school year.

e Developed and taught Iessons following the Voyager Instructional Model to improve students' reading skills.

© Taught all aspects of Reading, English Literature, Grammar, and Writing,

¢ Prepared students for the Florida's Comprehensive Assessment Test (FCAT).

Company Name City , State Human Resources Manager 08/2003 to 08/2006
