BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary

Accomplished top performing professional with proven success in directing, leading and managing projects and campaigns from concept through
compktion. Intensely focused on partnering to ensure client/customer satisfaction consistently exceeds expectations. Creative, strong partnership
building skills and excellent communicator recognized for taking a collaborative approach and an enthusiastic team player.

Perentens
TECHNOLOGY SKILLS

Knowledge of Digital Marketing and Advertising, Social Media (LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter),

MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Corporate Proprietary Software
Accomplishments

Online Advertising Campaign Management
Sales and Territory Management
Customer/Client Relationship Building
Prioritization and Multitasking

Cross-Team, Cross-Cultural Relations
Training and Mentoring

Effective Verbal and Written Communication
Executive Interfacing

schivor anes
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Sep 2011 to Sep 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Online Service Division

Contract Position) Beta Coordinator for Project Rubicon. Shopper-Ready Content and Tools for Onmi-Channel Digital Marketing.
Managed all worldwide inbound customer and partner inquiries from the Microsoft Tag Platform and Startup Business Group by supporting
and facilitating increased sales portfolio.

Sourced top retailer and brands to facilitate in building growth revenue portiolio.

Solicited prospective customers utilizing multiple social media venues such as LinkedIn.

Provided analysis of customer experiences based on a set of evaluation questions.

Built strong working relationships with vendors contributing to growth in market and profitability by identifying opportunities to introduce
Peas et eta ay Cece

Researched and analyzed online marketing trends and advertising tools.

Managed all worldwide inbound customer and partner inquiries ensuring complete response satisfaction.

ACHIEVEMENT:

Successfilly manage all Rubicon retail customer meetings. Help drive interest im project with local retailers based in the Seattle area.
Result: Built a loyal customer list.

ONLINE ADVERTISING DELIVERY MANAGER Oct 2008 to Oct 2009
Company Name i City , State

Operated in the fast-paced Online Advertising division with a focus on the Detroit, MI territory. AOL, (S&P 400), is a pioneer and leading-
edge global web services company that includes a network of premium and niche content sites, and an extensive offering of world-class
tools and platforms. With one of the industry's largest advertising networks, AOL engages consumers with online advertising services on
10/o0th AOL's owned and operated properties and third-party websites.

Partnered with the sales team to analyze contracts, negotiate and close deals. Determined advertising pricing and discounts.

Provided forecasting and reporting support for the sales teams.

Monitored campaigns and offered strategic analysis of client advertising campaign performance.

Facilitated optimization puts that enhanced performance and achieved client objectives.

Crafied and delivered formal and informal presentations to sales teas.

ACHIEVEMENT:

Impkmented critical analysis and identified campaigns that were not running,

RESULT: Saved campaigns fiom showing SO profit, effecting bottom line results.

PROJECT MANAGER Aug 2005 to May 2008
Company Name i City , State

Managed corporate training projects aimed for sales effectiveness. Huthwaite (a division of Inform) is the work's leading sales
