BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST
Summary

Dynamic and reliable Banking Professional with 15 years of retail banking, customer service and consulting experience. Many years as a Trainer
ibe lledrinbblniet Ronen We rchen ain aromr uch ee csehe Om nerana me ranuince ne icty Ae aestl nem

Highlights
OM WElaarane © Presentation
© Customer Service © Training
Cl oc) * Coaching
Cr asleest CEES eslienere Hien
Accomplishments

-Sekcted as a member of various corporate projects at IBC Bank, First National Bank, PlainsCapital Bank.
-Elected Board President for a commumity involverent organization.
-Sekcted as a member in Edinburg Leadership Class XX.

-Served as project chair for numerous community outreach events.

schivor anes
Business Development Specialist 11/2014 i4 Current Company Name City , State

© Served as litison between credit union and major local vehicle dealership.

* Serve as key component in their solution to the lack of indirect lending,

¢ Initiate lending processes for the purchase of used and new vehicles for prospective members and follow through to the close of loan.
© Cross-sold other convenient bank products meant to gain prospect's entire financial relationship.

Owner/Partner 07/2011 1% Current Company Name City , State

« Mr. Mister is a privately created and privately owned by my Brother, Father, and I to meet the cooling needs of the residents of South
Bios

© Mr. Mister designs, installs and nnintains customized high-pressure mist cooling systems.

« Mr. Mister also will provide mist cooling solutions for rental clients for outdoor events.

Vice President- Regional Training Manager 09/2013 i 03/2014 Company Nanr City , State

© Coordinated training schedules for new/ existing employees (400+).
* Managed a team of3 trainers.

© Responsible for executing corporate training goals.

© Managed day-to-day department needs.

* Participated in coordination and execution of FI conversion and training,

Vice President- Training Manager 01/2013 1% 09/2013 Company Name City , State

Dato encemintBlirs) crrancebhanmtchiincaicl ot

Seer Breneuaueee lice OmCtrotResmtnlece

Authored training courses with training materials.

Coordinated training schedules for new/ existing employees (400+).
Managed a team of 3 trainers.

Managed day-to-day department needs.

Commercial Sales & Services Consultant 05/2012 #4 01/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Sokl convenient commercial products to businesses such as ACH generation, Remote Deposit Capture, Positive Pay, etc.
* Analyzed internal reporting to identify sales opportunities from existing commercial customers.

¢ Cultivated external sales opportunities by visiting prospects and sharing benefits of commercial products.

Ce retkel cso ecrnicenme br ecucdiiuninecotnncdlcice

* Provided training to clients and bank employees.

© Provided product support to clients.

Cash Management Officer 03/2010 is 05/2012 Company Name City , State
