BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Executive Profile
Over 17 years of demonstrated operational, consulting and architecture experience in IT development, implementations and architectures with a
proven background in capturing new business ranging from $1 Million to over $1.5 Billion Total Contract Value. Experienced leader with strong
business and technical skills. Successful track record of supporting bid analysis and decomposition of requirements to provide strategic IT
architectures that meet demanding fimctional, financial and technical needs while meeting security requirements. Provides technical leadership in the
areas of transformations, strategies and implementations to bring demonstrable value to streamline IT spend and reduce the TCO of IT.
Skill Highlights

Cie grecamnsliarand

* Leadership/commumication skills © Customer-oriented

© Client account management © Market research and analysis

© Business development

Professional Experience
Business Development
January 2013 to January 2014 Company Name i City , State

© Served as business development and principal solution architect consultent for Elevate Technology Solutions - Federal Practice.

© Captured activities included opportunity assessment, pipeline qualification and developrrent, customer relationship building, teaming partner

selection and negotiation, vendor evaluation, cost and schedule pursuit estimation, executive management reviews and project planning,

Managed bid efforts by executing all phases of the capture lifecycle process.

Provided regular briefings to executive management concerning overall pipeline status and also updates to specific capture pursuits.

We E Telesis uri ieee me ou mece UEC tu con ANI CE Senter! Cie

Worked all phases of the proposal lifecycle - from opportunity identification and customer relationship buiking to partner selection,

development and delivery.

Researched and developed clients and executed customer call plans to shape program requirements early, increase customer intimacy and

sie) SRC OO PRAT OR eRe atten on

Identified potential Source Evaluation Board (SEB) members and developed call plans to effectively influence key decision mkers.

Developed relationships with key teaming partners and major software vendors that compliment our solution sets.

Weiter relma Me KCec encr bl acee eR ECU nLee

Deals Won include: United States Agency for Intemational Development (USAID) - Engineering of Information Technology Infrastrucutre

and Systems, USAID MICIO PIV & NPE, US.

© Securities and Exchange Commision National Exam Program Support Services, SEC Neat Pi, SEC Office of Compliance Inspection and
Examination: Analytics Support; Asset Verification Support, eDiscovery and Exam Management Support.

Senior vArchitect (Senior Solution Architect)
RE AU OAR nM eRe clan ct cel ON ECT

© Direct internal, parent and partner Program Capture and Business Developrrent teams responding to RFI, RFQ, RFP and unsolicited

proposals that lead to successfil capture of new business opportunities.

Deals won include: CSC/ Eagle Alliance, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, NASA, MHS Amy and Navy.

Engage clients at the Cxx level to articulate all aspects of VCE offerings including Cloud-based Products and Services including presenting

the value proposition and company roadimp through onsite, phone, and WebEx presentations Architect innovative technical solutions to

meet the needs of both Public Sector and Federal Systems Integrators increased IT requirements while supporting reduced IT budgets,

including developing Proof of Concept and technology demonstrators in the Cloud Computing space Authored pre-saks documentation to

include SOW's, SLA's, Economic Impact Calcuhtor, Project Proposals, Product/Service Costs and White Papers.

* Lead technical business developrent of key accounts, providing technical and strategic solution architectures for VCE, Parent Company
and Client needs.

© Design Cost Modeling of solutions for various bids across multiple client verticals, managing partners and sub-contractors throughout the bid
process, mapping requirements to solutions providing a cohesive solution, lead proposal text authoring and review of proposal documents
with VCE and parent companies including Cisco, EMC and VMware.

Principal Business Architect Leader
January 2009 to January 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

© Identified business targets, gathered, assessed and qualified requirements, prepared cost models and developed proposal artifacts including

SOW, WBS, CONOPS, BOE, LOE and SLA for pursuit and successful capture of new business Public Sector opportunities.

Developed operational and technical strategies and solutions for CSC's North American Public Sector.

Areas of expertise include Cloud Computing, Service Desk, Desktop Support, Network Monitoring and Communication Network Services

which are now part of the NPS New Business Service Offerings and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).

© Developed key relationships and teaming agreements with federal prime government contractors, small business subs and technology
vendors that lead to streamlined processes to go after large federal business, capturing several business opportunities for CSC NPS.

¢ FY 2011 CSC Main Thrust New Business deals won (TCV): $461 Million- US-Visit (Eagk), $100 Million- GSA FAS Hosting (Alliant),
$192 Million- Maryland Medicare & Medicaid (MERP), and $300 Million- DHS Work Place as a Service Cloud Computing (Eagle).

Senior Sales Engineer
