BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST
Summary
Retirement Benefits Specialist with over 10 years experience administering benefits for large corporations and government employees, delivering
solutions at varying levels as they pertain to the diverse knowledge base of the employees I assist. Have extensive experience in delivering benefit
phan rules and regulations as well as federal and state laws to a diverse population. Highly detailed and self motivated who is detail oriented and
Wal lRensestiieee

schivor anes

Business Development Specialist Apr 2016 to May 2016

Company Name i City , State Contacted prospective customers from intemet inquiries or unsold showroom visits at Capital Ford to determine
reason for not purchasing a vehicle . Attempted to re-schedule an appointment with a salesperson to compkte transaction.

Cashier/Oflice Support Staff Apr 2015 to Feb 2016

Company Name i City , State

* Assisted customers with purchases, maintained daily deposits, dispersed trucks to surplus pick up requests through.
« SPMS system, maintained inventory , answered incoming calls, researched any inventory items and their disposal.
© Maintained departmental purchase files as well as daily receipts and pick up requests.

Data Collection Interviewer Mar 2015 to Apr 2015
Company Name i City , State

© The survey examines access to the health system, health status, and health determinant characteristics of Ohio's Medicaid program for
Medicaid eligible and non Medicaid populations.

© Made outbound calls to respondents to conduct social science survey using a script, and adding the data collected from the respondents into
computer system while speaking to the respondent..

Retirement Case Administrator Oct 2013 to Sep 2014
Company Name i City , State

¢ Conducted benefits administration for 2-300 benefit-cligible employees.

© Obtained missing information when needed from companies HR Departments and verified data ifnecessary as well.
« Addressed inquires from employees regarding retirement process and elighbility issues.

¢ Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.

© Answered employee questions regarding retirement and resolved any issues.

* Contacted HR for any discrepancies in salary or other benefit driven data.

Benefits Counselor Apr 2008 to Mar 2013
Company Name i City , State

¢ Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion regarding any and all retirement benefits.
Assisted HR departirents with information regarding eligibility and required documentation needed to process.
Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported pension issues.

Exphined human resources policies and procedures to all employees.

Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding all retirernent inquiries.

* 2 years ina row increased employee participation in the North Carolina State Employees Combined Campaign.

Retirement Benefits Processor Oct 2007 to Mar 2008
Company Name i City , State

© Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.
© Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligible employees.

© Processed pension and 401K payouts and balanced reports daily.

© Requested any missing documents ifneeded before processing,

* Contacted HR ifnecessary for any status change required documentation.

Oicoem isan on eer ninuk eu malin Oneemalry
Company Name i City , State

PMU coeur eecc ecm Hr ee IEE Sveum eslcem ci seb ices) Keata man yltare

Maintained up-to-date records at all times.

Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.
Formuhted and enforced Service Center policies, procedures and quality assurance measures.

Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow.

Strictly adhered to federal and state guidelines for release of information.

Processed applications, payments, corrections, enrollment and endorsements.

Researched coverage and premium options and supplied clients with the best coverage availble.

Retirement Benefits Counselor Aug 2003 to Aug 2006
