DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary
SALES & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER Sales & Business Development Leader with career track of driving substantial profit margin
and sales growth through strategic leadership and client development. Noted record of delivering revere growth through devising strategies,

expanding market opportunities and establishing brand recognition. Recognized for ability to utilize imovative sakes techniques to enhance business
practices and improve productivity and profit results. Strengths in forging client and vendor relationships focused on driving bottont line results and

[elem iines narrate cem
als
© Business Development & Sales Leadership * Sales Presentations
PERO craD stearate
ORS icl cues asia * Saks Forecasting *
© Market Expansion Team CMA creme Coste iad
© Building & Leadership * CUO lesa Ubi atoe reel del
CERO cnet ieuoi ct al © Process Improverrent *
© Market Analysis/Competitive Positionng * Cee usual \nonrcn
schivor anes
January 2014
to
January 2018

Company Name City , State Director of Business Development

Director of Communications Progressed through roles based on performance and contributions.

Led the developrrent of strategies and tactical plans for driving sales and market share growth.

Facilitated meetings with prospective and existing clients to conduct presentations and promoted event support and transportation services.

Held direct accountability for all activities related to new business development, market expansion and account management.

Partnered with executive leadership in devising strategic plans for expanding market and securing new business opportunities to maximize

profit margin.

Utilized various sales techniques, including warm calling, cold calling and networking to secure new business.

Secured 4 new full-time accounts for event/transportation services, driving an 80% increase in business growth; achieved and maintained a

Phy Tansee ant eni brim

¢ Drove an increase in customer satisfaction rate to 90% by implementing and executing client engagement initiatives, as well as providing
close, personalized service.

© Led the implementation of new systems and technologies to drive operational improverents, including VoIP system and Outlook email,

both of which integrated with the Act! database system.

Spearheaded the transition from manual to electronic systems, driving 5% cost reduction.

Created and implemented numerous digital documents and fons to streamline operations, including written proposals, credit card

authorization forms, transportation booking forms and workflow tracking sheets.

Designed and implemented an onsite valet operational, logistical and traffic flow plan for use at a new location.

Developed digital process for drivers to submit their hours and other information for billing usage.

Built and managed strong vendor relationships to support event logistics; increased vendor network by 20%, negotiating favorable contracts

to maximize profitability.

* Introduced a new staffing program, When I Work, which led to an increase in fiinctionality and accountability and boosted overall employee

participation and engagement.

Screened, interview and qualified all employees for hire, recruiting new candidates to support staffing needs.

Coordinated, supervised and managed teams of up to 30 responsible for coordinating and executing all logistics for large-scale private

ran

© Monitored driver qualifications to ensure compliance with DOT (Departirent of Transportation) requirements; created and maintained DOT

ledgers to support auditing procedures.

Oversaw the phnning of parking and transportation logistics for large public and parking events; coordinated ground transportation

schedules and secured parking space as required.

January 2013
Company Name City , State Inside Sales Representative

© Executed sales activities across Denver market, qualifying and prospecting investors for high dollar oil and gas investrrents.

© Utilized cold calling to identify and capitalize on potential new business opportunities.

© Interacted with prospects to inform them of new and current drilling projects to secure new partner relationships.

¢ Achieved 150% of weekly qualification quota by conducting 400+ cold calls daily, as well as exceeding established mailing target by 25%.

RET!)

to

January 2013

Company Name City , State General Manager

¢ Provided strategic leadership of operations at 2 retail locations, including production, performance, quality and service management.
