BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Professional Profile

Soe liiet@enlenracimi beeen ono cm UT OE ORI ko orarecm wile clei eccie muri imesh
mmnagement and client relations. Expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications.

Qualifications
Pee ier oam yaaa end
Ce Gece Baka yi end A
CMe a aeneiuan eng ° Na kd Employees
© Marketing
© Staff Development Sn
© Project Management eam nS
* Budgeting
¢ Financial Management
Accomplishments
Cae nsiocsm pcr bene)
© Cut operating expenses by 20% year over year.
© Multiple awards for performance.
¢ Developed and implemented client service program, which expanded simall-to-medium client base 35%
* Developed new quality standards for better quality performance and reliability.
Cae Cr lelersi eet ecaay ocd le leat)
¢ Improved customer service satisfaction 3% annually through supply chain mamgerent initiatives, inventory control and flexible
manufacturing practices.
schivor anes

Business Development Manager Jan 2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Prospect for potential new clients and tum this into increased business.

Cold call as appropriate within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities.
Meet potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging your network.

Identify potential clients, and the decision makers within the client organization.

Research and build relationships with new clients.

Set up meetings between client decision makers and company's practice kaders/Principals.

Plan approaches and pitches.

Work with team to develop proposals that speaks to the client's needs, concems, and objectives.
Participate in pricing the solution/service.

Handk objections by chrifying, emphasizing agreements, and working through differences to a positive conclusion.
Use a variety of styles to persuade or negotiate appropriately.

Present an image that mirrors that of the client. Client Retention

Present new products and services and enhance existing relationships.

Work with technical staffand other internal colleagues to meet customer needs.

PMioincernem lite acm enn oars Conia kel vanesieee Ce

Athktic Coordinator May 2006 to Dec 2014
Company Name i City , State

Responsible for marketing, planning, organizing, implementing, and scheduling special recreation activities and events

SO Alea ncl ennai elrReeociMunaeliiccumiteeneeatecprea teh ea hye

Perform responsibilities of preparing attendance and program evaluation reports for all recreation programs ona monthly basis
Perform responsibilities of organizing and implementing recreation progrars like social fimctions, arts and crafts, and physical fitness
Responsible for supervising athletic keagues and tournaments, maintaining records, registering program participants, collecting fees and
providing various instructional programs

© Handk the tasks of updating the positive and negative information regarding recreational programs to the supervisor

Patient Relations Supervisor May 1999 to May 2006
Company Name i City , State

* Coordinate communication between patients, family members, medical staff, administrative staff, or regulatory agencies.

Interview patients or their representatives to identify problems relating to care.

Maintain knowledge of community services and resources available to patients.

Refer patients to appropriate health care services or resources.

Investigate and direct patient inquiries or comphints to appropriate medical staff members and follow up to ensure satisfactory resolution.
