BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Experienced customer service professional with extensive skills in growing and exceeding sales in a multi- million dollar business operation in the
food and beverage industries, financial services, and heath care industries. Adaptable and results orientated, with a focus on bottom line results,

and has a proven track record of achieving and exceeding the standards of performance set out for any sales project. Skilled in utilizing technology
as a tool to improve organizational efficiency.

Highlights
© Customer Relationship Management

* Project Management © Team Builder

© Customer Retention & Satisfaction © Training and Development

© Evaluating Customer Needs © Business Development
CECA Eliatuarrene mata sc

schivor anes
Business Developrent Representative
March 2010 to Current Company Nan - City , State

¢ Achieved customer service objectives by contributing customer service information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews.

© Preparing and completing action plans for customer-service standards.

© Resolving problens, completing audits, identifying customer service trends and determining system improvennts.

© Determined customer service requirements by maintaining contact with customers, visiting operational enviromments, conducting surveys,
forming focus groups and analyzing information.

* Increased product awareness levels and grew profit margins through negotiations with store managers and regional managers through the
implementation of ir store merchandise displays, product assortrrents, pricing structures, sales allowances, rebates, and monthly
promotions.

* Managed sales team and assisted them with navigating their retail accounts to align needed resources and support to ensure specific client
Eire omatt enna HEAT CRT cnecm

© Successfillly raised capital to assist with growth.

Licensed Healthcare Representative
December 2008 to March 2010 Company Name - City , State

* Managed high volume call activity fiom healthcare providers and Cigna clients.
© Utilized my health insurance expertise to advise our clients on the best insurance choice to meet there needs.
CW Elinieetbra onc urannecmnuleiond inkoncuslpcitecteokowae eke aig ere cecil

PEE Sica prcccce Gltoletectcr ebro) etka ager ace

© Utilized technology to expedite client verification, documentation, & service.

(OSCR a atiynau

March 2005 to December 2008 Company Nan - City , State

© Responsible for the overall development of the North Miami territory selling occupational and physical therapy solutions with a focus on
primary care , specialists, and hospital based physicians.

© Effectively leveraged resources within a fixed budget to increase sales and add value to a difficult to access, high volume, urban customer
kom

* Managed administrative fimctions including daily synchronization of call activity, expense reporting, performance trend analysis and sales
Pitot

© Successfilly collaborated with territory partners and contribute to team success.

© Developed and maintained networks/partnerships with extemal community advocacy groups, phanmcies.

Manager Trainee
May 2004 to March 2005 Company Nanw - City , State

© Responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of the rental location.

© Increased business through forecasting, counter sales and rate management in order to remain competitive in the marketplace whik utilizing
fleet at a profitable level.

© Managed team members job performance including counter sales Responsible for team member development.

brairestbeny

MBA : Business Administration , 2009 University of Phoenix - City , State Business Administration
BS : Psychology , 2002 Florida State University - City , State Psychology

als

Administrative fimetions, Budgeting, budget, Business Developrrent, competitive, contracts, Contract Negotiation, client, clients, documentation,
