DIRECTOR, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Si
Professional Business Development Director firmed to meet sales objectives on regular basis by using strong leadership, interpersonal
communication, presentational and organizational skills
BS ania}
CRE CerexoaOlinnemciniimuiececeia
PROV S By yest)
e¢ LAMS
CMa) m4
a Ginlicecltay

schivor anes
Company Name January 2013 to Current Director, Business Development
lena El CG

© Develop and execute a targeted business development plan to build a long-term pipeline Develop and deliver polished proposals and pricing
estinntes on short notice to potential clients in the public and private healthcare sectors.

© Work collaboratively with the Executive Sales team to develop marketing campaigns, and new territories Bui relationships with key
hospital executives and decision makers within prospective client organizations Stay current on healthcare industry trends and personnel
moves among prospect organizations Identifying prospective clients using established lead methodologies Manage a business development
team of 10 people.

Increased monthly prospect by [Number]% by implemnnting strategies to develop and expand existing customer base.

Company Name January 2011 to January 2013 Call Center Manager
lena El CG

Accept and handle supervisory requests and calls from staffand customers.

Provide the Call Center Director with all information about any extraordinary situations.

Ensure that the call center representatives follows call procedures at all times and enforce all departrent and company policies.
Collaborate with the Call Center Director in the developrrent and impkmentation of any training for newly hired and existing Call Center
Representatives.

Actas a resource for the Call Center Representatives.

Maintain accurate performance evaluations of the Call Center Representatives by reviewing message history, call history, and recorded
entice

Coordinate outside sales calendars with scheduling requests and call que assignments.

ye ed re heer o ean L een! KGaom Bien @mcsracccciy A

Assist in the hiring process of call center representatives.

Company Name January 2009 to January 2011 Director
lena El CG

Generate new business via email campaign, cold calling, social networking, and other online resources and utilize market knowledge and
industry contacts to grow Global Orientations business.

Build relationships with key human resource professions, global mobility and relocation decision makers within prospective client
organizations.

Identify and penetrate new contacts, accounts, and broadening the range of business in existing accounts.

Track and communicate competitive factors, trends, and issues affecting purchase decisions for my teamand I assigned regions.
Develop and grow a new business pipeline and relentkssly pursue opportunities to broaden our markets.

Research and develop strategies to identify new customers, sales opportunities and new service development and collaborate with
Marketing to execute on these strategies.

Create and deliver compelling, customized WebEx sales presentations that address the core business challenges and opportunities faced by
the prospect.

Negotiate and finalize agreements/contracts with clients, and close sakes.

© Coach and manage the inside sales team of seven.

© Recruited and managed a network of 60 realtors.

Company Name January 2007 to January 2009 Business Development Manager, Team Leader
lena El CG

¢ Conduct heavy outbound B2B calling to Enterprise and Strategic Enterprise organizations for direct lead generation and setting up WebEx
presentations to high level executives.

* Develop high level relationships with CEO's, CFO's, COO's, and CTO's.

¢ Strong focus on building the pipeline and getting prospects into the pipeline for fiture revenue generation by identifying key contacts and
acquiring key kead criteria for each account.

* Qualified new business opportunities by identifying how our professional solutions align with their business needs, and closing the sale.
