SALES AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Executive Summary

Saks management professional with overA. 15 years in business and management roks. Demonstrates a passion for building relationships,
cultivating partnerships and growing businesses.

Core Qualifications
© Business Development i, a nerd ae
i, nee Neiack ii CME Otc onumaayceiiietualrene
a Cie wees nletLerang
SECU B UL Cd cina aa ae Pe nn
© Staff Development and Training La ee
Professional Experience
Ra) comin since ccs Davee serand

February 1753 Company Name i City , State

CME eOrare Wri eD ited eee Sie eres

GenerateA B2B revenue streams through drip emils and cold calls

Successfillly target and approach various businesses and groups to educate on client services, and create a positive image for client brand
whik driving increrrental sales and profit.

if Target geo-specific communities and businesses.if

schedule appointrents for staff, introduce special promotions, provide special incentives.

Leverage unique Order Management system for proper monitoring and fulfillmentit

Successfillly utilize follow-up campaigns to foster relationships

Generate campaign analysis and reporting for ROI and client objective goals

Salkes/Project Manager
February 1753 Company Name i City , State

* Directed strategic initiatives to exceed contracted business objectives

Pca Cana clonmconcgoncrc mince cutee tare Muar Rostetramion ete Millie
production management, subcontracting and coordinating local installers, billing and sales projections reporting.

ccc seni ceun nnn co Wren snnlie en Pm ava keel ane etc

Brand Manager Volvo Genuine Parts/District Parts Manager
February 1753 Company Name i City , State

Grew saks in C class Dealers 13% in two US regions year over year.

Broan Mlreescranenelccr toa Mea ccinenien arenes sy )igerat

Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends.

ExceededA departmental sales margin objectives, developed avaibbility improvements, designed PMR origination and tracking kps,
improved technical support and innovation through Vehicle Modular Tears.

Worked nationally with the Parts organization to formulate policies and procedures that are profitable, efficient and customer focused.
Served as litison and support for the field organization with product offerings, stocking levels, technical problems and other part problems.
Represented the Volvo Brand and its accomplishments in sanctioned National Truck Shows and Regional Supplier meetings.

Trained 56 Dealerships in best practices for the following: online sales, market penetration, business modeling, A ROI on Outside SaksA
throughout the United States and Canada.

VAS Parts Manager
Company Name i City , State

Sere te Corrs Vorname OM noe eR oeceCaistcOe PUM ota s sincere PAI ebucetre att
ORT LONEN roa Soa Phar ebrrer ceo Cece namo eo MU Altnam PAL

Successfilly managed the activities ofA A 17-20 direct reports in a 24/7 call center environment.

Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.

Improved service quality and increased sales by developing a strong knowledge of company's products and services.

Impkmented new E-business program and Cisco VOIP system

Routinely prepared and evaluated CRM reports to identify problems and areas for improvement.

Developed and implemented ISO and COPC policies, procedures and process improverrent initiatives to improve retention rates and

Sea estima pro mLtSHlA tN

¢ Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.
