BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary

Results-driven and highly skilled (business development)account manager and marketing professional with over 10 years of experience developing
and executing customized account plans to increase sales volume, market share, and relevance in the marketplace. Provide strategic value to
customers including keveraging trends in customer industries/marketphces to shape solutions and approaches driving overall business development.
Open and clear communicator with demonstrated strategic vision and disciplined execution.

Highlights

© Relationship Buiding

Cae an eras
Riles ble a wate its
Strategic Planning
Adept at Closing Sales
Budget Development

is Tee ONTO TeN
Account Management
Amlytical Problem Solver
Syroie@urnraltoel

Cost Efficiency
Blohineees Revd eeicne

Accomplishments

Grown sales revenue 85% in a depressed oil and gas market, consistently exceeding sales goals. (SumySide Supply)
Personally responsible for 100% of Erect-A-Step sakes and 40% of overall company sakes. (SunnySide Supply)

Handk the highest volume/revenue accounts in assigned territory. (SunnySide Supply)

Have obtained promotions and management opportunities faster than expected by employer. (SunnySide Supply and Davison)
Won award for "Rookie Sales Director of the Year." (Davison)

Consistently exceed sales quotas and always in the top 10% of the sales team (Davison)

Successfilly expanded account base from 2 to more than 50 accounts. (Amore Limousines/Morgan Coach)

Led sales team to grow revenue from $50,000 to $1.3 million in 6 years. (Amore Limousines/Morgan Coach)

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Marketing and Legal Studies in Business , 2006 Duquesne University 14 City , State
schivor anes

Business Development

September 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

* Responsibk for overall company branding and marketing at trade shows and industry organizations.A

* Business Development roke responsible for obtaining new customers and building current customer base to increase sales revenue across all
product lines throughout the company.

Manager of premium product line called Erect-A-Step, covering the Northeast as a service territory.

Grown Erect-A-Step sales revenue 85% in a depressed oil and gas market.

SIH Rtee res alee on ecR MB Ln mL Rvene erst aie

Operate as a stand alone business within SunnySide Supply, therefore responsibke for day to day operations, which includes: prospecting,
customer contact, qualifying customers, presentations/demos, quoting, sales, follow-up, inventory management, and logistics.

Perform field measurements to determine customer needs.

Design/Configure platforms and crossovers per customer needs to meet OSHA regulations.

Evaluate/Forecast customer revenue potential,

Manage and direct inside Erect-A-Step team

Director of New Products
March 2013 to August 2014 Company Name i City , State

le relenis au ca OR and sermon Rorcunterro nt aac emO Le BCT BEBO Ee csceB Bt enact Lem
Maximize operational efficiency by coaching staff on various customer service initiatives.

Maintain friendly and professional customer interactions.

Derm eames ecw acetal calce nen eLece ce

Make an average of 75 calls/appointrents per day to grow and maintain customer base.

Very strong at building rapport and a bond with clients to increase sales and volure.

Earmed an elevated position as a "Statistical Tracker."

Compile and report sakes statistics as requested by management to maximize saks eflorts of the team.

Collaborate with colleagues to exchange selling strategies and marketing information.

Respond to all customer inquiries in a timely manner.

Director of Sales and Marketing/Business Development Manager
May 2006 to March 2013 Company Name i City , State

¢ Created sales and revenue-generating opportunities in new markets to improve the bottom line.
© Developed strategies to position the business to shape and capitalize on emerging customer and market needs.
