BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COORDINATORVEVENT COORDINATOR.

Summary

Dynamic and creative Business Development Coordinator with a successful career in marketing, promotions, public relations, project and
communications management.

Highlights

© Event Managenent © Social Networking
Cee ocetso idly Mee cola louie)
* Customer Targeting © A Teamork
© Polyglot Deyo cuiieias
Skills

Responsible and reliable, Highly motivated for career advancement, Able to deal ina mature manner with problem solving, Willing to learn and
accept constructive criticism, Willng to help,Good attitude around others,Calm and focused,Good knowledge of social media, Able to use own
initiative and work as part ofa team,Excellent communication and organizational skils, Versed in all aspects of marketing campaigns from concept
development to execution and unch,Skilled marketing professional focused on exceeding revenue goals, Builder of strategic partnership, New
customer acquisition expert who emphasizes a mix online and offline marketing strategies.

schivor anes

Company Name November 2013 to Current Business Development Coordinator/Event Coordinator

lena El CG

© Identify Customer care needs.Networking during events and established good and strong relations, in particular with the main

Businessassociations and Companies of the city.Screen potential Business deals by coordinating requirerents,developing and negotiating

contracts, integratingcontract requirement with business operations.Co-develop and implement strategic marketing Identify specific

opportunities to direct marketing efforts toward particular based practices areas and clients.Deal with the Chamber of Commerce and The

Italian Consulate.Researching markets to identify opportunities for events. Leasing with clients to ascertain their precise event

requirements. Producing detailed proposal for events. Agreeing to,and managing a budget. Identify professional and trade associations with

which the company should affiliate. Assist with the development of proposals and responses. Identify and evaluate cross-marketing

prospects, assist with cross-imarketing initiatives, and track success ratio.Coordinate content for web, print materials, bc logo ete.

Update and edit finm-wide business development materials (including brochures, ermil alerts and website).

Collaborate with others in the marketing department to ensure integrity of the firm brand.

Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential.

Update job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities,reading professional publication, maintaining personal networks,

participating in professional organization.

© Enhance organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests, exploring opportunities to add value
to job accomplishirents.

© IfNeeded Assistant Manager in Opening/Closing of the restaurant.

Company Name January 2008 to October 2013 Dental Hygienist
lena El CG

© Prepares treatment room for patient by adhering to prescribed procedures and protocols.Prepares patient for dental hygiene treatment by
wekoming, soothing, seating, and draping patient.Provides information to patients and employees by answering questions and

ee eR VEL MLS NER UNCL OB OMe M hye aLeRe Ita hail natl nema elisnUmiD Roe CUI e RCI et CR Gees ccceuce rt
prophylaxis by ckaning deposits and stains from teeth and from beneath gum margins. Detects disease by completing oral cancer screening;
feeling and visually examining gums; using probes to Jocateperiodontal disease and to assess kvels of recession; exposing and developing
radiographic studies. Arrests dental decay by applying fluorides and other cavity- preventing agents. Maintains patient appearance and ability
to masticate by fabricating temporary restorations; cleaning and.

polishing removable appliances; placing, carving, and finishing amalgam restorations; removing cement fromerowns and bridges. Educates
patients by giving oral hygiene and plaque contro! instructions and postoperative instructions:providing reminders of time of next dental
hygiene visit. Docurrents dental hygiene services by recording vital signs and medical and dental histories; charting impatient

records. Maintains patient confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential

Company Name October 2003 to August 2008 Waitress/Bartender/Cashier/Floor Manager
lena El CG

© DUEsrl- Turin Italy Customer care.

* Assigned tasks to associates, staffed projects, tracked progress and suggest new ideas. Planned and executed events and marketing
programs. Developed and executed marketing programs and general business solutions resulting in increased companyexposure, customer
traffic, and sales.Cash out.monthly meeting with the staffand owners.Mix and serve drinks to customers directly or through waitstaff Take
orders and serve food and beverages.

The DUE srl was a company of multiple business in Turin (TALY):

ONSEN Seay eo ROM cen els DOA ANT BEL)

HAFA CAFE Via Sant'Agostino, 23/C (Moroccan Bar)

JAM CLUB Via Murazzi del Po,19 (Bar-DiscoNightclub)

ROCK CITY Corso Dante Alighieri, 19 (DiscoNightclub)
