BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Ritereraag
Energetic, motivated and organized sales representative with results in the oil and gas industry. Accomplished professional with strong background
in technical sales and product development.

Shean

¢ Excellent commumicator © Upselling and consultative selling
¢ Excelint sales techniques ¢ Relationship selling

¢ Strategic account development ¢ Skilled mult-tasker

© Exceptional custonvr service skills ¢ =Provensales track record

Accomplishnents
Created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales, which resulted in a 30% increase in monthly sales. Increased revenue 42 % in
2015.

¢ Collaborated with prospective clients to prepare efficient product marketing strategies and drive business development.

Increased saks volume by adding 8 new accounts in the assigned territory.
Experience

Business Development Manager Jun 2010 to Feb 2012

Ceo TAN be YAO NEST

¢ Increased overall product line sakes by 32% overall.

© Increased overall sakes revenue at Weatherford and Baker Hughes by 40%.

© Responsible for sales within high temperature, high pressure applications.

¢ Secured sales contracts with Baker Hughes, Halliburton and Weatherford resulting in profit increasing by 21%.

Global Sales Manager Jan 2009 to Jan 2016
Company Name 1% City , State

PRO beri os klecs Ele ocboradhaaectd dei cia eb rerckembcriaiuict areal el Cole
¢ Increased revenue by 20% within | year by buikiing and strengthening relationships with existing customers.

CEB rcnlois rete liembenlusaaieRcoinads Corn
Effectively led Outside Sales team in Houston and Calgary.

Technical Sales Representative / Key Account Team Leader Jan 2005 to Jan 2016
Company Name it City , State

¢ Increase sales within my accounts by more than 200%,

Developed and Managed the sakes of'a 9 million dollar account, the largest single account in the oilfield business group.

Created and presented sales seminars outlining products and capabilities to Engineering, Manufacturing and Management supervisors.
Oc ops lunmenouna anus oer neck or ee se egos com Nn ei eanccierl ere neste imeceiu ly
Clee SP nha ee Lace

Superior multitasking, organization and time management skils.

Consistent, assertive closer and top performer throughout sales and development.

MMe Kees eee AMEN cdl yume enn ED Me Ono aie ne cleat Rioraced iiinan

Proven success in the saks of oil and gas products and services to various individuals/ groups; experience in tactical business planning and
competitive intelligence, prospecting, strategic marketing and closing,

Ce ed

Business Development Manager/ Texas Jan 2001 to Jan 2016
CO NaN eben LOSES

© Developed and maintained accounts while growing overall sales revenue.
¢ Added new accounts that totaled over I million dollars in new business.

¢ Ongoing testing of new elastomer compounds for ESP artificial lift clients.
© Sales presentations to pinpoint technical performance and benefits.

aires belt}

Bachelor of Science , Communication Disorders University of Houston, Houston Texas Commumication Disorders

Marketing courses University of Houston

Business courses University of Houston

RS lg

benefits, business planning, closing, competitive intelligence, concise, contracts, clients, customer service, Marketing, office, multitasking, oil,
Outside Saks, presentations, product development, profit, rapport, Sales, sales and development, sales plan, seminars, strategic, strategic
Rissa beem Uren ati snaenan’
