DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Executive Profile

To apply over 22 years of experience as an exceptional Director of Business Development, to manage personnel and resources by utilizing
financial and strategic analysis. To apply logistical support, and budget analysis skills to enhance management. To enforce departmental policies,
goals, procedures and objectives through communicating in writing and orally with subordinates, and executive management. To apply years of
PRON Roane Roce cc site e ome ee on iaunninueeecya kane ta iyo es esioas

Skill Highlights

Types 80 WPM, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Sales Force and Outlook

Uieecteralponcr ane

Director of Business Development , 07/2010 to 02/2015 Company Narre 1% City , State

oy

ee)

e

aU miicumrtekcudheco nario ra iccr a baie ce abe canenaulibleabomleineninlcroont heme kina
Pirsleatnc ne

PE<edl aac rest Oey Rae Recl ees nceslinabne aw sieccticm

Ability to forecast fiture issues through ongoing strategic analysis.

Prospect for new sales and manage current and pending sales in the amount of over $1M.

Maintain relationships with Client Goverment Saks Management to ensure strategy and sakes objectives are identified and plans developed
FO a ees cB ics

Ensure all relevant Hurmn Resources and policies, procedures are followed.

Establish and oversee the implementation departrrental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures, conferring with senior management and

Rridiraiconecprancccata

Analyze day to day business activities ensuring efficient and effective services.

Supervise budgets for maximum Retum of Investrent (ROD.

Negotiate business transactions for the company in the amount of over $1K.

Ensure adherence to all Health, Safety and Environmental policies and procedures.

Jar aLoem eb inte eld

Exercise confidential information policies, procedures and regulations that governs employee and employer confidentiality.

Apply general business and management principks involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, kadership
technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources.

Utilize general principles and processes for providing customer and personal services.

CEM cree hckulso i om ccc OH aa edune Da MAaniN Chee eee ccmeineeaclialboia carcinoma ley

Apply relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the
protection of peopk, data, property, and institutions.

© Manage saks pipeles from beginning to end and follow push through sales.

Represent companies such as; Scott Safety, Honeywell First Responders Product, Hurst Jaws of Life, Kappler, Elkhardt Brass, Hale
UTM esleniu tae SOCOM UO] Lec

ACCOMPLISHMENT: Maintained sales of over $5M for the last three years.

Supervisor: , Hours Worked/40Wk.

Senior Airfield Fire & Emergency Services Officer , 06/2009 to 07/2010 Company Nanr 1% City , State

Perforined hiring, training, scheduling of work, grievances, performance counseling, and recommendations for promotions, demotions and
termination of employment of over 40 personnel.

Asa senior executive set polices, assigns priority for future program objectives, direct improvernents to equipment and distributes equipment
among subordinate commands.

Evaluated new trends for policy development and for further inquiry and study to establish new methods for eliminating or controlling serious
Sravotcece em iemsnem oie) eet N

Pi ctultagconbasinecuc one MeM@ioerelanenenles Ome cucee nr cocee Pore libecataicananaeeds ice

OY

Supervisor: Colonel Steve Kirkpatrick Contact: Yes: (803) 414-6496, Hours Worked/40Wk.

Aircraft Rescue and Firefighting Officer , 06/2008 to 06/2009 Company Nan i City , State

e

e

Managed 24 hour operations of (S) P-19 Firefighting apparatus, (1) P-23 10K gallon water tender, (1) F-550 rescue truck, (4) rescue
boats, and (3) Gators equipped with Wild land firefighting attachments.

Seca icorrnciiccuccmintoveiib ky cacmichincau ie UPS atienees Poo ce nel om uramny sch cmOliratinte d
instruction to more than 140 fire fighters.

Initiated a finding request for an additional $57K to source deficiencies.

Managed a budget of $120K budget to support fire suppression operations.

Supervisor: Major Carl Kuga Contact: Yes: (910) 581-2025.

Manager Airfield Fire & Emergency Services Officer , 06/2006 to 06/2008 Company Name 1% City , State

Managed over 200 Marine Firefighters with budgeting, operation, training and mutual aid agreements at each subordinate unit's location.
Managed 10 Fire Fighting apparatus’ 8 fire suppression systems, and 6 rescue vwehicks.

Managed and oversaw $35K worth of Emergency Airfield Services assets.

Supervisor: LtCol Manke Herrington, Contact: Yes: (808) 256-4295, Hours Worked/40Wk.
