BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE

Professional Summary

Top performing sakes, marketing, and business development professional with proven ability to drive business expansion and developnent by
planning and executing business strategies. Strategic thinker who can plan and impkrent saks, marketing and business initiatives to support
corporate objectives. Experienced in developing new market channels and buikling strong relationships with sales managers, customers and
industry leaders. Vast experience with branding and introducing new products as well as developing business strategies. I ama dedicated and
tenacious sakes expert with a reputation for consummate professionalism.

KYA

Ne oa APN

¢ Designed, developed and implemented marketing and sakes campaigns.
¢ Evaluated target markets and proposed marketing strategies.
© Managed all phases of direct mail projects; monitored production teams; recruited and guided vendors.

aS aN

© Wrote creative copy for catalogs, brochures and social media.

¢ Researched and conceived newsktter articks.

© Produced variety of business materials, including: ketters, reports, proposals and fons.
CB uresdicserreRoel ciel bcancrmcc@uuelonb ns cae7lcy

eu Le

© Promoted products and services; generated leads and initiated sales.

¢ Established and improved client commumications; maintained ongoing relationships.

PEP emi Rune um neue Casa ceE nee Malas bienitenm nceynecae Rnuncct Mice ceed etmelrentneed
¢ identified, investigated and negotiated conflicts.

© Conducted surveys and analyzed results.

CEE Oro elislcc mel suiLcck re Rue lnulltioe bain CRI peee ny eaes] Cates

¢ Served as representative and liaison.

Experience
Ese Daa eas oxcut un ePIC R@ne nae cia Nei ek OS mess

Pa eee b aC mnrta canna au cH ORes UUs Hath ComMestnO ROB Tene ge

Utilized sales and marketing tools to create brand awareness in the market.

Leveraged my technical and industry specific knowledge to develop strategic business development plans and B2B sakes strategies.
Successfillly designed, underwrote and administered new and existing insurance programs to meet the needs of IRIS’ broker distribution
aNCeLg

Delivered comprehensive coverage solutions and guidance in risk management with an emphasis in Lessor’s Risk Commercial Property and
Bal ia tatist neem

Enjoyed robust relationships with insurance carriers that included Domestic markets, but encompassed Lloyd's of London as wellas off
shore points in Bermuda and the Cayman Islands with an in-depth understanding ofalternative risk pcerments.

Emphasized on bringing in new business and effectively grew IRIS' broker distribution network from 50 brokers to more than 500 and
FeercecBrrenlinaton cles elt.

Prepared and presented technical documents and client presentations to customers across different business levels in collaboration with
Account Executives and Producers to successfilly execute new and existing sales strategies.

CE Doric mottled ion cce cma ECE conti cesnelanial bratarbenese lec uultem

Responsibke for designing and maintaining all marketing materials including the company website, brochures, blogs and email blasts as well
as all other social media outkts for the company.

Created and delivered all new business quote proposals and coverage comparisons and was in charge ofall new business bind orders
Fe PE Mencdsnonredasduc ecole ng usbeaat en nenaciiiiblOnob ects cng ceiliocnenctictracs oie bac
Successfiilly articulated desired customer specifications and developed new product requirements for integration within customer
environments.

Adiinistrative Coordinator 01/2009 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

Directed daily operations and provide administrative support to the staff.

Answered incoming calls and arranged appointments for guests to meet with company staff.
Dares Recleb Okeer nam slcerkerialeacem

Responsibke for answering visitor inquiries about the company.

Sales and Marking Intem 01/2009 Company Name
¢ Generating and Executing sales leads for three popular radio stations in the Bay Area; KNBR, 101.7 The Bone and K-Fog.
