BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/PROGRAM DIRECTOR

Executive Profile

Marketing and sales executive who thrives in energetic, high-pressure, competitive environments. Creative,results-orientated dynamic professional
with extensive educational and professional expertise with long trackrecord of success in direct sales and brand managerent. Exceptional problem
solver, natural keader and skilled mediator who excels at bringing out the best in allemployees. Disciplined and versatile in resource management
while facilitating growth in sales, marketing andbusiness enterprises to support corporate objectives.

Skill Highlights

Top-ranked sales executive eading rgeNational account management organizations. Organizational psychology and managementExcellence in
strategic business policy.sciences. Direct sales trainer and staff development? lanning and controlmanager.Public and client relations. Marketing
and economic policy.Revenue and market expansion. Resource optimization Excellent communicator.Compelling kadership skills.Complex
project negotiator. International business and marketing Advanced problem solving abilities .

Professional Experience

Business Development Manager/Program Director

February 2014 to Current Company Name - City , State

© Designed and implemented a strategic marketing initiative for First Interstate Bank entitled, "Bank of theFuture." Market share and revenue
grew by over 300% and the program, which included the training ofbank employees in direct sales, was rolled out Nationally.Developed
sales training protocols for ADP's new 'P.C.

© Payroll" product line which eventually dominated thermarketplace. Recruited, tramed and managed an agent sales foree for AT&T's GBS
Division which grew to in excess 0f250 million dollars in revenue per year. Built successfill tekecommunications company that quickly grew to
30-plus employees and 5 million dollarsin annual revenue.

© Responsible for all aspects of the organization including direct sakes.

Program Director

September 2011 to Jamary 2015 Company Name - City , State
Senior Counselor

Noverber 2008 to August 2011 Company Nan - City , State
Substance Abuse Counselor

August 2006 to Noverrber 2008 Company Nar - City , State
Substance Abuse Counselor

September 1993 to August 2006 Company Name - City , State
President/CEO

January 1990 to May 1993 Company Nam - City , State

Chief Executive Officer of medium-size Telecommunications Corporation. Managed the day-to-day tactical and long-term strategic activities within
eB etnccon

Capitalized on industry changes to maximize company revenue.

[OVP a ctkeet mM rell MUOlice gra OniLecm chi atLeckNeb ec ase coy

Drafted business plans, budgets and quarterly and semi-annual business reviews.

Coached and mentored 38 staff members by offering constructive feedback and taking interest in their long-term career growth. Conducted all
saks training to insure for quality and effectiveness consistent with the mission and objectives of U.S. Telecom

Established knowledge-sharing processes for 38 associates throughout the organization.

Increased monthly sales by 70% by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base through up-selling and cross-sellng

Managed budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.

Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.
