BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MARKETING REPRESENTATIVE
Summary

Motivated Marketing Manager specializing in budgeting, project management and staff training and development. Thoroughly understands client
preferences and needs, and effectively manages sales teams to optimize customer satisfaction and boost sales.

Highlights
Aen RU NEO) ce
ie © Account management
, . ¢ Brand recognition optimization

ee ROE eles ia oem ete et kadership

p 5 © Public relations expert
Fhnent in Spanish ¢ Excellent communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills Pee tele elects

© Consultative sales techniques

Skilled multi-tasker
Accomplishments

Created strategies to develop and expand existing customer sales, which resulted ina [Number] increase in monthly sales. Managed a portfolio
of [Number] accounts totaling S[Amount] in sales.Hired, trained and managed a team of [Number] successfil product managers. Launched
aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base from [Number] to [Number] custorrers.

schivor anes
Business Development Marketing Representative
REIMAN IR RG aaa cli aN ti cht /g OLN mECIT| Ce

Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of company objectives and market trends. Incoming and out calls to
Dealers and Consumers Maintain a healthy and reputable relationship with Dealers and Managerent. Negotiated favorable contract structures,
fees and criteria exceptions. Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications. Researched
beneficial investment opportunities and made recommendations to senior management. Review credit bureau and applications on consumers for
decision making on approvals and declines for program guidelines and criteria. Train Deakrs on our criteria and program guidelines for approval
accuracy when submitting applications. Developed solid estate and tax code knowledge base through continued research and training to assist
Dealers in maintaining a favorable look to book ratio on submitted deals. Problem solving on dealer packages submitted for fimding In house
support for assigned Field Representatives Market In house products (Direct Mail, Intemet Leads, Autormated Intemet Advertising, etc )
generating business. Communicate with customers and/or opposing counsels regarding status of account Review Chapter 13 plans for objections
on value and interest on vehicles in order to obtain an attomey or negotiate with customer's attorneys.

Junior Accounting Clerk / Case Analyst / Skip Tracer
January 1991 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State

Collected data to prepare and draft settlement packages for clients. Drafted various court documents, invoices and enclosures at attomeys' request,
reconciling over 1,300 payments, 2,000 invoices daily. Managed communication with courts regarding status of petitions and granted

orders. Analyzed law sources, including statutes, recorded judicial decisions, legal articles, constitutions and kegal codes. Trained new employees on
office equipment and job duties. Organized legal memoranda and client correspondence.Processed summons, subpoenas, appeals and motions.

Bente vieeccelg
January 1989 to December 1990 Company Name 1% City , State

Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to retail mortgage lending, Interviewed an average of [number] mortgage loan
applicants per month.Performed daily maintenance of the loan applicant database. Analyzed applicants’ financial status, credit and property
evaluation to determine feasibility of granting loan.Created financial analysis reports of comercial real estate, borrowers’ financial statements,
kease reviews and market research. Effectively managed more than [number] client relationships. Provided expert financial advice on mortgage and
both educational and personal loans.Performed daily maintenance of the loan applicant database.

brairestbeny
Accounting Business Certificate : Accounting , 1995 Cypress Community College i City , State , US

Coursework in Accounting, Finance and Business Administration
Certificate : Management , 1111 XXXX Seminar i City , State , US
Completed Mortgage Underwriter training

Legal Marketing and Management seminar
