BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT

Summary

Experienced Life Science Sales and Marketing specialist with track record in growing customer base and maximizing sakes. Motivated and
ambitious with ability to increase business opportunities through dynamic marketing strategies and effective communication. Able to use analytical
skills and industry knowledge to develop innovative strategies for success.

Skills
OMe srceccce Bats eyeyineni © Market Research and AmalysisA
¢ Account Management ¢ Marketing ManagementA
© Competitive Analysis Cae cahon@eesiaiines
* Prospecting/Cold Callng ¢ C-level Presentations
CM Croce sR Dalene Od MMO wg Seb aco eclcl tet)
CRSGL corre R\yatica recast grain ¢ Public relations
schivor anes

Business Development Consultant Mar 2018 to Current
Company Name i City , State

SGW Pharma Marketing is a B2B life science marketing agency focused on connecting drug development companies with target audiences
(development partners, investors, service providers etc.) by developing and managing integrated, full circle marketing programs .

PO o car iciecccmelcne eR ardem race atetce

© Effectively directed internal marketing, communications and sales support stafE

© Improved marketing plans, sales strategies and customer relations to maximize business development.

© Leveraged industry trends in client markets to shape value-added solutions and approaches for key audiences.
¢ Streamlined operational efficiencies, developed sales tracking reports for planning by executive team

© Maintained strong understanding of competitors, their offerings and their presence across globe.

Account Executive Oct 2017 to Feb 2018
Company Name i City , State

American Laboratory Trading provides asset management services and high-quality refurbished laboratory.equipment to clients in the life science
Plestlcreesne meeting

© Promoted business growth in NC by maximizing existing client relationships and identifying new business opportunities through cold calling,
networking, marketing and prospective database leads

Completed daily outbound calls, up to 50 calls per day

Discovered new opportunities to grow and expand inventory of products through product acquisition

Successfilly increased monthly sales revenue by 75% each month

Kept detailed records of daily activities and client relations through Salesforce.com

Southeast Sales Executive Apr 2016 to Sep 2017
Company Name i City , State

SGS Life Science Services is a global leader in R&D and Quality Control testing services for the pharmaceutical, medical device and
biophanmceutical industries.

© Prospected and conducted more than 45 face-to-face sales calls per month with business executives and directors throughout assigned
territory.

© Successfilly acquired average of 1.5 new customers per month achieving 108% of total Revenue Target for 2016.

© Represented the company at focused industry trade show and/or networking events.

© Attended monthly sales meetings and quarterly sales training,

Manager, Business Development Feb 2013 to Apr 2016
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Advantar Labs (now part of Eurofins) is a GMP contract boratory specializing in small and large molecule drug development programs.

Secured new business by buikling strong client relationships and cultivating a deep understanding of sponsor needs.

Initiated two key partnerships which resulted in 47% revenue growth,

Successfilly developed and planned relationship cultivating events to promote growth resulting in expansion of clientele base by 35%.
Developed innovative and targeted marketing strategies to support overall branding objectives.A Played key rok in the addition and launch
of new service offerings

¢ Maintained up-to-date knowledge of industry, target accounts and competitive landscape.

Account Manager I Sep 2011 to Feb 2013
Company Name i City , State

Cirrus Pharmaceuticals (now Reciphann) is a contract product development company assisting bioteclmology and pharmaceutical companies with
