BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Professional Summary

Served as resourcefill and selfdirected business development manager. Defined and executed strategies and operations whik leading collaborative
full project cycles with National and Local Governments across Southem Africa. Spearheaded projects which improved life and health for over
40M people by providing low cost, safe, clean and reliable renewable energy- solutions to the complex regional eketricity problem International
development experience and effective record of leading sales, strategic plans and financial reporting across three continents resulting in sales and
project development operations of over $50m USD.

Served as high-performing, award-winning and data driven Intelligence Analyst at the National Security Agency while performing duties as an
Airman in The United States Air Force.

Core Qualifications
© Results-oriented
Experience in project management and driving product implementation Sea aes
© Strong proposal writer
Business development and strategic partner management Proven track record of initiating, implermenting, Cees ue Ethos
and successfully driving new business opportunities from relationships with partners CMO ortiorcniaisnonens
© Contract
Ability to think strategically about complex issues, driving thoughtful recommendations and action plans negotiation/review/drafting
woo . . © Financial records and
Demonstrated ability to influence and communicate cross-fimctionally and across all levels Pr
© Report generation and analysis
© Experience with execution and
shaping complex agreements

Accomplishments

¢ Generated a pipeline of more than $20m in net new opportunities in 12 months.

© Spearheaded company-wide prospecting, closing and project management endeavors for entire SADC region.

¢ Established 3 new corporate accounts averaging $15min sakes.

© Expanded mult-lateral relations with Middle East and USA to strengthen security and partnership.

© Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.

* Rolled out new company products in just 8 months, resulting in the largest Government investrent in solar lighting,

schivor anes
Business Development Manager 09/2013 Company Name City

Developed strategic and operational relationships across 3 Foreign Govermrents.

Exceeded targeted sales goals by $24m USD.

Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.

Directly managed multi-million co-operative budgets supporting global GTM strategy.

Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.

Created value propositions, international programs and strategic plans while maintaining mult- location, International accounts.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.
Developed growth plans by identifying key clients and targets.

Leveraged lead generation tools to increase profitability and product presence in the marketphace.

Collaborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts and identify potential customers.

SALES MANAGER 01/2010 to 01/2012 Company Name City, State

Assisted financial director and other company leaders in due diligence and negotiations related to acquiring or disposing of assets.
Collaborated with senior leadership team to monitor business performance in all areas including, but not limited to, capital allocation, sales,
Bice icliceicestn eB tale cette

Coordinated and managed nujor proposal processes from initiation to implementation.

Led data analysis resulting in comprehensive global strategies.

Designed and implemented strategic sales plan including new product development; increasing sales by over 20%.

Mastered MS Office to highlight financial models and analysis to suggest mvestment opportunities.

Strong aptitude for analytical and financial modeling with demonstrated attention to detail and sales.

Intelligence Analyst TS/SCI 11/2002 to 11/2007 Company Name City , State

© Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information and other data to gain a competitive advantage.
* Complied and delivered performance updates and planning meetings for Agency executive team.
