BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT
Executive Summary

Dynamic financial services and business development leader with 17+ years of combined experience across diverse banking and saks platforms.
Dedicated to delivering services excellence while surpassing revenue objectives, working closely with tearns and clients to address needs. Enforces
adherence to organizational policies, procedures, and standards as well as industry regulations. Blends strong analytical and communications
acumen to generate comprehensive research and reports - supporting planning and decision-making, Senior loan operations specialists skilled in
collaborating with multidisciplmary teams throughout application and financing processes.

Core Qualifications

© Loan operations & documentation : aural il

¥ ti poeae sae lines CME o team atetsy

scan CIES eramscalec)

© Team leadership & support rea aes

© Investimnis Seta ene emer

¥ vere inal id a a eer ieee ees

© Prospecting & referrals

Professional Experience

Company Name City , State Business Development Consultant 02/2019 to 04/2020

© Delivered expert consulting services in financing, operations, sales, and marketing.

© Fueled revenues and achieved top client satisfaction / referrals, maintaining top producer ranking by securing up to 50 new clients monthly.

© Forged and cultivated productive relationships with customers and team members, facilitating full sales process by identifying and addressing
pehwlr breast

¢ Developed and implemented process improverrent plans based on client feedback and operational monitoring.

© Served as key expert in products and services, skillfully representing brand and overall offerings.

Company Name City , State Business Development Manager 03/2017 to 02/2019

© Spearheaded new business development, leading tumaround of under-performing product lines to achieve objectives.

* Improved bottom line profit by securing business fiom up to 40 new clients monthly, generating quality ads, implementing client acquisition
strategies, and effectively targeting valuable business opportunities.

Orchestrated diversification of offerings, increasing sales via new product launches.

Consistently exceeded quotas through new account penetration and territory expansion.

Liaised with potential customers via telephone, ennil, and in-person - addressing inquiries and recommending products / services in
alignment with individual needs.

Company Name City , State Branch Manager 02/2014 to 03/2017

© Coordinated talented team of 8 committed to development and retention of profitable client base.

* Managed and administered accounts opening, loan applications, monthly reporting, teller transactions, customer services, sales, staff
evaluation, and new hiring,

© Boosted loan and deposit rates while elevating branch to highest performer in customer satisfaction scores.

Lecco e te COMM SIT ee MeSH LOMO OME mOoniNeOeleMOuvecul sma inane nyOnciuac sa ecm

Company Name City , State Branch Manager/Loan Officer 02/2003 to 01/2014
* Progressed through various roles, starting from Loan Officer position and culminating in Branch Manager title.
Managed and administered consumer and real estate loan operations across various offices.
Drove smooth transition of newly-acquired Smith County State Bank and Trust Department - consolidating team of 30+.

Approved and oversaw payroll, bills for payment, budgeting, reporting, and advertising.
Provided staff eadership, evaluations, salary adjustments, interviews, and hiring.

e
cd
CJ
e
Education

Bachelor of Science : Business NorthWestem Oklahonn State University , City , State

© Major in Agricultural Business
« Minor in Business Administration

Leadership Training Leader Effectiveness Training , City , State
¢ The Peoples Bank annual leadership training program

Schools of Lending Principles Schools of Banking , City , State
Xue abet

aya Ate oma
