HR PERSONNEL ASSISTANT

Summary

Tama US. citizen who is authorized to work in the US for any employer. I have worked 8 years as an Office Clerk, 2 years as a Student
Tnterr/Office Assistant, and 4 years as a Contractor. I am applying for the Data Entry Clerk position (Advert ID# 224278 Advert ID# 224278).
My skills and experiences include: Administrative Support, Auditing, File Management, Meeting Facilitation, Office Materials Management, &
Panam olestorana

Highlights

COMPUTER SKILLS: Microsoft Word, MS Excel, MS Outlook, MS PowerPoint, PeopleSoft. TYPING SKILLS: 40-60 WPM.
ADDITIONAL SKILLS: Administrative Support, Auditing, Clerical, Copy, Custorrer Service, Data Entry, Delivery, Documentation, Fax, File
Managenrent, Letters, Meeting Facilitation, Organizational Skill, Proofreading, Receptionist, Research, Scanning, Scheduling, Secretarial,
Tekphone Skills, Office Equipment Maintenance, and Inventory Managerrent.

schivor anes

Company Name City , State HR Personnel Assistant 03/2013 to 042014

Supported human resources staff with new hire orientations and monthly departmental meetings.

Entered updated personnel and subcontractor data into a central database.

Reviewed human resource paperwork for accuracy and compkteness by verifying, collecting and correcting additional employee data.
Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.

Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.

Maintained Heavy Filing of HR Personnel Action Forms to include new hire letters, awards, certifications and promotions, providing a
stronger framework for consistency and detail.

Assisted Senior Personnel supervisors in Coordinating and conducted new hire pre-interviews.

Developed and maintained an internal new hire filing system.

Received, maintained and filed appropriate paperwork as back up for all HR Office transactions.

Typed memorandums, forms, and letters using software applications to complete HR office assignments and projects given ona regular
ye

Utilized and Navigated PeopleSoft (HRS) to input, manage and research data.

Operated fax and copy machines to complete tasks as needed.

Initiated and maintained ermil correspondence with teachers, principals, VPs, and other members of NPS regarding personal ID
information, teaching background & certification info, and criminal history clearance.

(Oo ANE LO NAB OCP cones ein Ol cee tny/All emt AAN ed

¢ Sellng merchandise and providing customer services for patrons.
Monitoring patrons to assist the store in loss and theft prevention.
Restocking shelves.

Improving data maintenance of produce inventory.

Maintaining the appearance of the store.

* Assisting with maintenance of produce inventory

Company Name City , State Office Clerk/ Federal Contractor 06/2008 to 10/2009

Checking and validating Retirement & NRC files in NFTS and CIS systems.
Calling Applicant to Counter Window to Sign Certificate.

[Xen sl auiea gl a Ubliartenkele Cem (Gena er The Rate bed am

SSeS eee RCO epee acy Se WAU e im ems (ac di moh ant cR Oy becom

Filing of FBI background report on Applicants.

Assign scheduled appointrrents to appointed legal officers.

(Ose esl P Ncuadveitommbediicewares) lesicn

FAAvsu On san Do rana gle

Composing & Mailing out appointment ktters.

Finalizing Pick list Printouts for Examinations/Cases.

Completing NFTS Data Systems updates.

Performing Ckerical tasks regarding Naturalization ceremonies, including: A. Scheduling, Preparing, and Distribution of Certificates. B.
Retrieval of Documentation from Applicants.

© Using Computer Terminal to update DHS Automated Systems.

© Providing Administrative Support in Processing.

© Performing Daily tasks of filmg, recording, copying, and maintaining records.

Company Name City , State Office Clerk/Federal Contractor 07/2005 to 01/2007

¢ Performing Data Entry of Legal Documents and Court Case Dates.
Mail Clerk and Online Mail Information Updating

Setting Scheduks for Staffor Private Meetings

Filing and Faxing of Confidential Court Documents

Metering outgoing and stamping Incoming mail
