HR MANAGER

Summary

Hummn Resources Manager with practical understanding of business needs. Areas of expertise include conflict management and employee training,
Hummn Resources Generalist who promotes a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successfil stall Offering
[Number] years of experience and knowledge in training, orientation and incentive program creation. [level of management] -level ma Human
Resource executive who works with other executives to translate business strategies into HR actions that drive business results. nager with [years
of experience] years of managerial experience. Strong strategic-planning and peopke-managenent skils.

Highlights
© Compensation/payroll Cae Waserinememiinetieat Stes au
* Reguhtory compliance Pee oan onuinaotwa tc
CMInviguats eens * Staffing and recruiting professional
© Compensation/benefits administration — « Hiring and retention
* Policy/program development Pa tolulncaiecmeueleeicns
© Salary structure/compensation analysis = * Employee relations

schivor anes

Company Name City, State HR Manager 04/2016 to Current

© Sumingdale Tech (Thailand) Co.,Ltd. .
© Type of business : Tooling and Plastic Injection.

Company Name City , State HR & Admin. Manager 09/2013 to 04/2015

© Responsibility : Report directly to CEO Transformed HR from administrative role to strategic business partner, including working with

management level to drive key business and implement performance initiative, conducted extensive analysis of existing HR Organization and

Developrrent business plan to up dated all policies, procedure, service, program and operation.

Direct HR fimetion including recruiting, hiring practice, benefit and Compensation.

Develop standardized organizational model to clarify authority and responsbilities.

Leaming and development as providing guidance on keaming and development for manager and their team as well as set up training system,

implementing and identify areas that need to attention and improvement.

© Ensure kegal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable bor law requirements, conducting investigation, nnintaining record,
representing the organization at hearing,

¢ Deal with complex disciplinary/grievance and HR issues, using HR and company knowledge evidencing appropriate decision making skills

Overseeing and manage all administrative activities of the company, ensuring that all work processes are maximized for efficiency.

Sekisuis - lec ( Thailand ) Co., Ltd.

ESIE, Rayong ) Type of business : PVB Interlayer Film for Larrinated Glass.

Company Name City , State General Administration Asst. Chief 11/2002 to 09/2013

© One year break for living abroad ) Promoted to fulfill a broad range of HR fimctions, including Purchasing and General Administration to
ensuring that meet the company's goal Human Resource Handle and Played a key role in ensuring the successfill of full spectrum of all HR
Operation system and program :- Recruitment and Selection ; Managed recruitment process in an efléctive and efficient manner Maintain
up-to-date recruitment progress and implemented a reporting process on manpower concems.

Coordinates, negotiates and linises with employment and advertising agent on service fee, advertisement recruitment and interview

oras( con

© Conducts interview up to executive levels and arranges interviews for management levels.

Managing orientation program for employee to the business and culture Training and Development ; Identify key skills, specialty skills and
propose training needs accordingly Responsible for developing and maintaining standard, developing and meeting objectives, continuous
improvenent of department operations, developing strategic plans to meet company goals, and managing assigned stafi

Compensation and benefits ; Monitor and alert division manager to any variance of any concems issues.

Compile all data needed for the annual salary review, annual performance appraisal analysis and promotion, annual bonus.

Improve and Impkmented a performance measurement and developrrent.

Supervise and manage all HR fimetion generalist and other job as assign by Division Manager Purchasing Supervise and manage all
purchasing fimction both Oversea & Domestic and other concems.

Supervise and lead the procurement group in all phases.

© Prepare purchase requisitions, initiative to approve and issues purchase orders in accordance with company policy and negotiated tens and
conditions.

Other job as assign by Division Manager General Administration Managerial Overseeing all administrative activities of the company,
ronan iil Reg sicnec cnn hu ceB malta dead

Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

To supervise general administrative support and serve as a general resource for all direct inquiries froma wide variety requestors Planning
and scheduling projects and ensuring timely completion Work closely to General Administration Manager and perform executive
administrative tasks with supporting all the requestors from both internal and extemal Coordinating workflow and maintaining a productive
work environment Develop and recommend administrative processes and procedures to assure efficiency Work closely with the
Adrinistrative Manager to coordinate efforts towards meeting deadlines and clarifying priorities Establish processes and schedules to ensure
all required submissions are made accurately and ina timely manner Respond to and initiate inquiries (questions regarding purchasing,
