SIO) ONCE
Summary

Dedicated and focused Administrative Assistant who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to
achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.

Highlights
Microsoft Office proficiency
Excel spreadsheets
© Time managerent

Wotan eroe an cen eK cr MMe ce eccenl Hines rraiece

; Casrolaaciicy
en ae ced) CR SecA PernisrcteEst yee
Self-directed
schivor anes
11/2008 to 08/2014

SEC crore Gen ectivaN ct eR yer mee

Managed visa related employment processes for all non-immigrant faculty and staf

Improved productivity and enhanced visa related services.

Improved operational structure by developing guidelines and tools for internal and external administration of non-immigrant employment
procedures

Reduced internal employment authorization processing times by approximately 30 percent.

Prepared, reviewed and submitted petitions for USCIS adjudication

Maintained electronic database of petitions filed

Served as a university point of contact for USCIS.

Developed and presented university with guidelines to adhere to mandates presented by USCIS, USDHS and USDOS
Presented monthly orientation

Created, edited and internally distributed bi-annual newsletter

Maintained HR Website

(USreseltek ome Fez010)3
(Ocoee Goer ste NC RON mel

Provided advice to faculty, staff scholars and students by interpreting compkx regulatory guidelines.

Thoroughly prepared and filed non-immigrant petitions to USCIS for non-immigrant students and employees.

Maintained highly confidential and sensitive data

Identified as Designated Schoo! Official for non-immigrant student programs and Altemate Responsible Officer overseeing the J-1 Exchange
Visitor Program for J-1 employees

Assisted foreign nationals in obtaining the H-1B visa status for employment in the U.S.

Coordinated bi-annual student orientation

Created training programs; supervised and trained volunteers

Supervised Administrative Assistant and student employees

Managed and coordinated student activities.

(USreseltek ome Fez010)3
Coordinator/International Student Advisor/Secretary Company Name i City , State

Diliccbecinutonccmile sy etmelciucs iar ein cooul oh atom enliisitelccitlestatateccy
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.

Handled all media and public relations inquiries.

Planned meetings and prepared conference roons.

Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.

Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.

brairestbeny
82013
ABA Approved Parakgal Program Certification
