HR EMPLOYEE RELATIONS SPECIALIST

Si

Dedicated and self motivated professional with experience in providing outstanding support to business partners. Skillfil in tracking detaik, office
Tmmagemnent, and following-up with intemal and external partners to ensure ontime compktion of projects. Possesses easily transferable skills such
as organization, working with tears, time keeping/payroll and business writing.

Pe tanren

PAD BN OES Cort)

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher and PowerPoint)

Accomplishments

¢ Asa Programs Director, created a fimdraiser for the United Negro College Fund that raised over $2500.
CM a tincebranner cnet aanee ore. Wana ene
© Held kadership roks within the Order of the Eastem Star where responsibk for membership, accounting, and event planning

Experience
02/2015 to Current
HR Enployee Rehtions Specialist Company Name 1% City , State

* Conducted Investigations and resolutions of A workplaceA issues/inquiries fiom field employees and management,
ORS ROn Weta Cuaiscarti kare nacdyzarcmune yi lrelt ote kant sing nara pete res Teck
PEO iclatbncunreracmiciiies om belivadreme ae csKor e)e\cccs

¢ Support performance management process for all employees.

© Partnered with Equifax and Unemployment Cost Control to research and respond to unemployment chins.

02/2014 to 02/2015
Store Operations Associate Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Monitored inventory control, processed physical counts of all merchandise, organized and secured all inventory (including cellular devices
and accessories), and responsible for shipping and receiving of inventory.

© Investigated and resolved any inventory discrepancies.

CME Vardar POCA B Len mccmuc os erica a coos mca icanteoe ti yin

© Processed customer trade-in's and returns (cellular devices and accessories).

© Provided general customer service and process account payments to assist account holders.

01/2001 to 01/2013

CkericaVStaff Associate IV Company Narre 1% City ,, State

02/1753

© Verified and updated business caption listings in (database) Common Suite System using setup forms received from the Directory Marketing
Ogu celtiom

Review each Directory Listing Report in detail to confirm the accuracy of the data.

Ov rouse cars stne ed occult om meni Reale lan iarty

cy eR COR Asli cee B nena heim cone accinczen and

Input payroll, provided payroll administrative support for employees.

Bool Rilcce one Seulis one ieee cece LR em ertn bc pece veut eB em isl bru tnceneen ys atea Ren Cor Kats Otte
Conducted training sessions for all new hires on writing service orders via NetMeeting (web-based) and classroom setting,
Created keaming materials including policy & procedure manuals utilized company wide.

Bealeton)

Soto eo Rec reee Ong ooo al lenin ume nuciclenpecanny Lone BON en Ney AO NAC cuore ie riacei td
Bootes oman)

MBA : Management Davenport University 1% City , State

Currently enrolled

als

Critical Thinking

Conflict Resolution
bestest 9)

Integrity

lets pumsaared

Hun Resource Training
Microsoft Office Suite

Volunteer Associations
