SIO) ONCE
Summary

A peopk- oriented, results-driven professional with outstanding communication skills. Extensive experience delivering top-quality solutions for high
jieyi eka cMESvod 44128 0)

obtain a position which would allow mv to apply my current knowledge, obtain new information and grow with a company.

BS ania}

Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Darwin, Act, Attendance Advisor, ERP/AS400, HRIS, ADP Payroll, Paycor, Internet Explorer, Outlook, Kronos,
IFAS, PeopleSoft, Epicor, Winpak, E2, WASP

Accomplishments

Created and implemented Employee Requisition Procedure
Developed and executed Employee Intemship/Co-Op Program

schivor anes
HR Generalist Sep 2014 to Current
Company Name - City , State

Built the department from the ground up as the first HR person.

POP Merseltneg rela coming ceust tcl eck ocriicuee seek nner em ged ect Pld

A significant amount of time and energy has been spent building relationships with Management and employees.
Provide advice and consultation to Supervisors and Executive Management for all employment related matters.
Administer employee benefits, payroll, workers compensation, FMLA and personal leave, unemployment and training,
Conduct workphce investigations from beginning to end.

Ensure compliance with ACA.

Facilitate employee engagement.

oeni@ Oey SresiLeloMeeburamat seco nec ncmee Ronee CaN

Provide weekly and monthly reports to Managers and Executives.

HR Representative Jul 2014 to Aug 2014
Company Name - City , State

« Administer employee benefits, unemployment, FMLA and short term disability leaves.

© Process wage progressions and revise manpower report on a weekly basis.

© Provide advice and recommendations to managers relating to employee conduct, performance improvement, disciplinary actions and
terminations,

© Conduct grievance meetings with union representatives.

© Keeping an open line of communication with employees, managers and union representatives is a vital component of this position.

Hun Resources Coordinator Mar 2014 to Jul 2014
Company Name - City , State

* Process HR transaction requests from Chrysler facilities around the U.S. and Canada into the PeopleSoft HR system.
© Responsible for ensuring cach request is complete and is compliant with the organizations SOX guidelines.

SEC crore wees zes AC)
Company Name - City , State

Update employee attendance and issue disciplinary action as necessary.

Schedule and conduct hearings for employees in order to determine higher levels of discipline in relation to attendance and code of conduct

Ayo) Tbe icm

© Conduct workphce investigations in response to employee comphints. This requires interviewing the chimant, accused, witnesses,
collecting documentation, creating investigative reports and making recommendations for a plan of action.

© Recruit for open positions, process new hire and termination docurents.

HR Representative Jul 2012 to Sep 2013
Company Name - City , State

© Administer workers compensation chins, unemployment chirs, wage progression, employee evaluations, exit interviews and leaves of
absence (family medical, personal and short term disability).

Assist with updating the attendance system, earned personal days, grievances, employee benefits and 401k.

Update manpower report weekly and release to management.

Recruit open positions.

[Xenia ona nieken ac nnicetcs

Sina er ne kee irlae
