SES UE OBIS
Summary
Possess 15+ years of experience as an HR ChassificationCompensation Lead and as an HR Specialist, Recruitment. Managed recruitment efforts
that included qualifying candidates based on documented knowledge, skills, and abilities to match organizational resource needs. Ensured
candidate fulfillment of the preemployment process; ie., background checks, drug screens, and reference checks. Developed and implemented
competency and skill-based pay programs for a variety of occupations including medical (nurses), mechanical (machine operators), and civil
engineers. Led a statewide review of jobs (18,000 employees) toward determining appropriate FLSA designations (c.g, executive, administrative,
computer-related, creative). Provided executive and middle managerrent consultation toward acquiring chiss/evels and roles necessary to
accomplish departmental goals and objectives that resulted in mission successes. Training and Developrrent: Eight years of experience in training
and development that included development and delivery of kadership and management/supervisory skills acquisition. Additionally, developed

PO MMP UeCULG Le Pa hana eh Asc CUM IG CLE ILo Cle AD Meee sma Woe eR elcucensine|
onal Prick

Skills

eS cuece Le ree eee

, Peel Ci gol tocdlcnaetceiassax cd

an a een * Micro-soft applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Skills

Problenrsolve and serve as change agent to ensure that HR functions are included in organizational missions. Negotiate budget revisions to include
HR initiatives. Ensure excellent customer service delivery, provide state/federal and soft-skills management/erployee training. Conduct job
analyses, as well as conduct compensationjob market analysis, and deliver and measure kadership training. Develop, implement, and monitor
performance management. Develop, implement, and monitor personnel policies and procedures, and manage fill-cycle recruitment.

schivor anes

EPO ROR 0)

SiEsjuce slice cling acti cha OTA mECIT Ce

Managed ful-cyck recruitment efforts for multi-state needs.

Ensured candidate job qualifications matched minimum KSAs.

Completed pre-employment processes (background checks, drug screens, reference checks).
Conducted on-boarding/ orientation.

Conducted initial phone screens and recommended applicants for orrsite interviews.

[AU iintetet Reset LeeoR URC aU Lee uv mn Seep (a tom

Nore eeion gest ccn

08/2014 to 06/2015
HR Analyst Company Nan 14 City , State

© Conducted analysis of 50+ roles (250+ positions) within a 10-month period.

© Recommended, developed, and implemented a new chssification and keve-based on the evolution of roks (IT, Security, and Radiation
chisses).

Conducted hbor-market studies and recommended, implemented, and monitored compensation practices.

Recruitment: reviewed, approved, and referred candidates for management's selection based on documented KSAs and required education
BieRosnavanudmed nici Cicy

Budget: daily contact with the budget manager to ensure or to request additional salary needs to be included in budgetary revisions/and
Teac eR nae pee ew

Salary administration: reviewed, justified, and approved mamgement requests for salary adjustirents based on expanded variety and scope
of responsibilities. Determined appropriate percentage increase and status (temp/perm).

03/2013 to 06/2013
Manager, Chassification‘Compensation Company Name i City , State

Reareten artemis oahu lapl melas near yards senate OMe ke artnet vwy
Established a requirement and template for project management and communication plans.

Prioritized and assigned classification and compensation studies and reviews.

Established and coordinated the recruitment of referrals from Cabinet and Council of State members.A

Conducted statewide FLSA evahutions that resulted in appropriate designations.

Orttet Pees jatiednel aS aCele tine ty lel ecs

10/2012 to 02/2013
Manager, Recruitment/Chassification‘Compensation Company Name i City , State

¢ Reduced the backlog of managenent-requested classification/compensation studies and individual job reviews by 100% wiin a four-month
eect .

© Supervised recruitment efforts for all occupational needs of the hospital. Well-versed in NeoGov (e-recruitrrent).A

* Reviewed management requests for occupational and individual position studies toward upgrades, reallocations, downgrades, salary
