HR COORDINATOR

Ss
Certified Human Resources Professional with extensive employee relations experience in a full range of fictions, as well as success in
simultaneously managing multiple projects.
Highlights

© Enployee rehtions © Benefits administrator

* Compensation administration Cee cirsleiiere toa sve cee

CM Zowenra braces iistulerane * HRIS applications proficient

© New hire orientation « Enployee handbook development

Ce shane baer bet « New employee orientations

© Training and development Ca gitarsteb rece lbuacces(b anicy

© Compensation/payroll * Maintains confidentiality

© Staffing and recruiting professional « HR policies and procedures expertise

© Off boarding « Hunn resources managerrent

© Interviewing expertise * Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills

© Performance management strategies © Certified Professional Human Resource Management
Accomplishments

Revamped the orientation process for all new hires, which was impkemented company-wide. Led the Staffing Panning Committee for [Nurrber]
years. Introduced the first passive Open Enrollment process.

schivor anes

03/2013 - Current

Company Name - City , State HR Coordinator

Manage the recruitment, selection, and stafling process for full time employees.

Manage the employee orientation and onboarding process for full time employees.

Maintain job classification system including job descriptions; defining objectives, responsibilities, salary information and benchmarking,
Develop, administer and manage personnel policies, procedures and programs for the City.

Advise managers, supervisors, and employees on labor contract, employment law, and policies and procedure matters.

Respond to inquiries from mamgers, supervisors, and employees, investigate complaints, and provide for conflict resolution.

Works with departments regarding employee issues, recommending appropriate actions involving employee performance, behavior,
Feces e a LLY ARS cm

Completes duties related to compensation, benefits, and performance management.

* Manage the City’s safety and workers! compensation processes.

Serve as Chair on the City’s Benefit, Safety, and Wellness committees; provide direction to committees; ensures compliance with mandated
safety training; develop wellness and safety programs to meet strategic goals of the City.

Develop procedures for managing employee leaves of absence and light duty.

Administer eave of absence programs to include FMLA, Salary Continuation, Parenting Leave, Military Leave, ete.

Dritekeo siaeemylikae Oana wees siete rubs Leto

Conduct research; prepare reports and recommendations on complex issues and projects.

Lead special projects related to human resources initiatives, including software and technology implementation, process improvements,
internal trainng programs, on-boarding process, exit interview process, etc.

11/2012 - 12/2012
Company Name - City , State Independent HR Contractor

* Assisted Human Resources on internal employee website mapping project.
© Site is used for employee benefits as well as company information.

« Assisted Human Resources on internal employee website mapping project.
© Site is used by Room & Board sakes staff.

04/2005 - 07/2010
Company Name - City , State Human Resource Assistant/ HR Generalist

Screened applicants for internal and external positions, coordinated and prepared interview scheduks and information packets, sent offer
ketters, and verified paperwork.

Staffed all contractor positions as well as facilitated orientation for all contract employees.

Conducted new hire orientations for all new employees.

Worked with all levels of management on Employee Relations issues.

Conducted exit interviews and processed required termination paperwork and presented common themes to upper management.
Provided training and communication to employees on HR prograns, benefits, processes and other employment related issues.
Adrinistered eaves of absence, short term disability, and worker's compensation.

Managed tuition retrbursement program

11/2003 - 10/2004
Company Name - City , State Receptionist/Administrative Assistant
