HR REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

A motivated business partner who communicates and collaborates effectively with all levels of personnel by relying on outstanding interpersonal
and customer service skill, excellent sense of urgency and time managerrent skills and taking pride in delivering high quality work.

Highlights

© have the ability to shift gears at a moment's notice

Ability to multi-task and work ina extremely fast paced environment.

Superb Custormer/Client service focus with a demonstrated desire to exceed
expectations.

Ability to handle confidential information and escalate issues when appropriate.

Ability to interface with all levels of the organization, with external candidates and build
relationships.

Se a LL ms mt ability to serve as a team player with the agility to jump in whenever needed.

aeiraiee salaivelied ‘as eee eee
 oiaeaieiads it conmuncation st ae Excellent oral and written communication skilk, an ability to multitask, strong attention
SNe to detail and be able to work autonomously.

Atrack record ofdemonstrating strong work ethic, integrity and personal
accountability, Organized with strong time management and problem solving skill,
intense attention to detail and accuracy, ability to prioritize.

Human resources audits

Maintains confidentiality

Peopk-oriented

Organized

Exceptional communicator

IN UTot el siekenenellsesy

and enjoy the challenges of helping to build a great
organization of talented individuals.

schivor anes
HR Representative , 11/2008 #4 02/2016 Company Nam i City , State

Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.

Designed new employee packages and sent them via mail and e-mil.

Drafled departent-specific employee announcements.

Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections. Provided administrative
HR support to 1200+ employees at all levels, including executive leadership and C&W Railway, in a manufacturing environment

Employee Relations- effectively handled questions, interpreted and adrvinistered Collective Bargaining Agreements and policies, and
resolved benefits and payroll related problems

Talent Acquisition- Collaborated with hiring managers to recruit qualified employees and made hiring recommendations.

Took initiative to work with crafied maintenance personnel in order to successfilly source qualified candidates for these hard to fill positions.
Onboarding & Orientation- Managed the recruiting and on-boarding process ofall hourly employees.

Conducted and coordinated new employee orientations at all levels to help facilitate organizational objectives.

Orrboarded 731 hires in 5 years including 3 entire Production crews of 10-15 people each, within 8 weeks Applicant Tracking Systems
(ATS) - Customized and implemented an ATS for all North American plants within the organization

Managed the Employee Referral Program and created and implemented the HR Outreach Program

an integral partner in managing recruiting activities and building candidate relationships; offen providing candidates with their first impression
of SAF Ebuilt and is responsible for helping creating a unique and positive first impression for potential employees as well as provide an
outstanding candidate experience for each and every candidate

Scheduling interviews, phone screens, candidate testing, working directly with candidates, recruiters and hiring managers, in some cases
arranging travel for visiting candidates. Arrange and coordinate schedule changes as they occur throughout interview process. Coordinate
interviews for out of state offices ensuring a positive candidate experience. Provide follow-up correspondence to candidates on recruitment
status via phone and email, Greet candidates upon arrival for interviews when appropriate, assist them throughout the entire process

Chan aee De MnerO Meat eed

Updating candidate records and job postings in recruiting systems and confirming new hires. Coordinating the post-interview debrief
meetings and providing debrief materials. Creating and extending offer letters. Conducting reference and background checks prior to the
onboarding of'a candidate. Identifying opportunities for improving candidate experience and scheduling efficiency. Tracking recruiting
activities and providing candidate status ina weekly report. Assisting in the coordination of other recruiting activities as needed including
attending recruiting events and career fairs

Bi

Clerk Typist , 08/2008 14 11/2008 Company Name it City,, State

Prepared correspondence and completed data entry for public records and departrrental reporting,
Responsible for registering sex offenders.
Maintained confidentiality in all aspects of job duties.

Sr. Merchandise Assistant, Replenishment Leader, Office Associate , 02/2002 1%4 08/2008

ow n a og o . 5 er! on Co a ee
