HR CONSULTING
Summary
7+ years of Experience as a HR Partner with experience in all the facets of the Human Resource Function. Extensive background in HR generalist
aflairs, including experience in Recruiting, On boarding, Performance Mamagerrent, employee retention, staff development, mediation, conflict
resolution, Benefits and compensation, HR records mamgement, HR policies, Jobs and Competencies. Demonstrated success in negotiating win-
win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, corporate policies. Experience in Recruitment: Full life cycle recruiting involving Resourcing,
Sourcing , Interviewing, Placement and On boarding. HR Generalist Responsibilities Benefits/Payroll Administration HR Policies & Procedures
Performance Managerent Data analysis and Reporting Staff Retention Employee Relations HR Programs Recruitrrent/Hiring Employee
Counseling Administration Conflict Resolution Orientation & On- Boarding SAP HR - Database access Training & Development Organizational
Pato veer e@uieccLe Den aL

schivor anes

07/2009 to 01/2014

HR Consulting Company Nane

07/2008 to 05/2009

CS eo cehiateg

COS PAU ARUP :3

HR Assistant Company Name

¢ Iwas able to reduce the employee attrition by 5% in my Business Unit with higher Employee connect and rolling out programs boosting the
fone ovecnie clos

© Worked on developing the existing Employee Appraisal process to a comprehensive Performance Management process resulting in an

yetinrsetp olneecce | ou

Helped the Senior Leadership team in defining a crisp Career Path - for both technical and Managerial positions.

Devised a special program for the High Performers in the Organization leading to differentiated career trajectories retaining the cream kyer

of the Organization.

Worked on optimization of the existing Reward and Recognition process.

Developed internal job portal aimed at providing collaborative enviroment to facilitate Internal sourcing.

Worked on 360 degree feedback process for the Managers.

Performance Management Conduct awareness sessions on Company's performance management philosophy, tool etc Annual Increments

and Promotions - manage the end to end closure of Compensation increment and promotion cycles including the budget calculation and

Crip on

* Handk Performance Improverrent Plan for the bottom performers and handling other disciplinary processes such as wamings and
fRosries(bonn

© Manager Feedback/ Skip Level - administer skip level that provides feedback to the manager which acts a development tool for
improverent Peopk Engagement Project Level Engagement Survey - administer the survey for various strategic accounts to understand the
health of the account.

© This includes context setting with the employees, administrating the survey, feedback collation, analysis, and account specific action plan in
collaboration with the managers All Minds Meet - Organize meets to connect the employees with the Top Level Leadership Monthly HR
review with the delivery leadership team to review and educate them on various people aspects/concems Rewards and Recognition -
Recognize the right talent, approval of nominations and rewarding them

© Fum activities - Fun teams formed at the account level and assist them to come up with the regular fin charter People Management Retention

Management - to come up with proactive measures to retain the top talent Attrition Management - discussion with the resigned employees

and exit management Relocations and Transfers - approval of onsite and offshore compensation fitments during relocation and offshore

assimilation Operational Activities Prepare and nnintam Human Resource Information system records/Employee files , various headcount

related reports, MIS tracking, Joining reports, attrition tracking reports etc.

Analyzing the data and projecting Trends to enable better business decisions.

Sole lizO ecto cOntnestinre i eraneatt s e\vcecs

Providing and processing payroll Inputs.

Managing the Employee benefits such as Medical Insurance.

Coordinating for Training and Development needs of the employees.

Maintain compliance with federal and state regulations conceming employment.

Work with corporate group in running Organization Development activities.

Planning birthdays, employee group events.

Handling the kave management systems and maintaining timesheets.

Keeping the employee policies and procedures updated and educating employees on these through positive reinforcement.

oem enOaN Oe CeALuMIunncetilrsyuaneeeb ceuriieras me) aun

Identified, engaged, and recruited qualified candidates by performing sourcing activities such as: market and Internet research, internet job

board searches/postings, referral recruiting, social media networking, attending seminars, and local networking events.

© Conducted interviews to assess skill evel, presented candidates for client review and final selection, drove offer process including reference
checks, salary negotiations.

© Special Assignments: Designed and Managed the " Mentor Me" program to motivate the high performers in the Organization.

¢ Handkd a team of3 members and mde it a highly successfill program.

Education
PAU
