SIO) ONCE
Summary

HR Generalist with 8 yrs of professional experience in employee recruitment, orientation, engagement ,assimiation and termination procedures .

Highlights
4€¢Employee recruitment

Hic abl on@eteeesit oe

&€¢New employee orientations
&€¢Employee Engagement and assimilation
a€¢ Vendor Management

Fic Aaa triesieoy seemeslt tec}

FoR EO) ineckuceie att

schivor anes

Cero

Noverber 2006 to May 2015 Company Name - City , State

Olina noni a amas ecken nee R Aaiirwicallami were) ecallaawnaLaLacs

Verifying and collecting all the mandatory educational & employment documents.

Performing a reference check on the day of on boarding incase any docurrent is not available.

HR Engagerent and Assimilation Handling employee's queries with respect to joining formalities Taking induction for the new joinees and
briefing them about IBM and the concemed BU's to which they will be a part of

Briefing the new joiners on various policies like payroll, payables, medical insurance, reimbursement, superannuation ete.

Updating the joiner's data /no-shows data inGOM.

Ensure all the relevant departments are informed about the new joiners.

Managing attendance and leave for the team

Mentoring & coaching new team members across locations on the process, and ensure they execute the process successfillly.
Preparing weekly & daily MIS reports.

ues anea Oh etn Rieti a Onna cube RA LON AU ne CAH Lcetiie

Recruitment : Screening the resumes so as to assess the HR Fit & the Technical Fit of the candidate for the applied position.

Taking care of the HR issues while screening the resume in terms of the present employer, years of experience, relevant work location,
relevant background, relevant education, etc.

Liaisoning with the Business for the Requirements and carrying out the recruitment process smoothly.

Coordinating & handling week-end drives in location.

Ako involved in extensive Campus drives /Oficampus drives in Technical institutions.

Chalking the Monthly requirements with the Managers & completing the same in the given time fran.

Facilitating Vendor management by allocating requirements to vendors.

Educating the vendors on the requirement skills so that there is a smooth flow of process regarding requirement.

Handling queries from the competency Managers and solving them with regards to Recruitment, Hiring & Joining and also regarding the
Wolfe cya acini an

Documentation for Mandatory Offer Paperworks.

* Liasoning with Business Hiring Managers / Compensation Team for hiring approvals.

Liasoning with Separations Team/ WFM / HR Partners for approvals for Rehire / Restricted /Foreign National Hires Coordinating timely
/accurate and 100% compliant Offer Rollout to ensure we meet out hiring numbers for each quarters,

Handk post offer queries as raised by Business and candidates and direct them for solutions.

Negotiating with offered candidates to convert them to join.

Coordinating end to end with the different Business Units to get HR related issues and queries resolved on tine.

Coordinating with the candidates and the different Business Units through effective Telephone and E-Mail Communication.

Internal audits and provide inputs for avoiding audit exposures along with process adherence.

SAO Nini g
January 2006 to October 2006 Company Name - City , State

© Working on individual corporate assignments and sourcing candidates for different positions for providing manpower to their requirement
needs.

Counseling and evaluating candidates by taking preliminary round of interviews, calling them for final interview and doing reference checks
Ouaralidudicekednen slew

Recruiting candidates by means of headhunting, employee references, networking.

amp; jobsites depending on the resource requirements.

Working on senior level assignments (15-20 yrs experience).

Coordinating interviews, updating the candidates about the company, job profile, giving them interview tips and maintaining client relation.
