HR MANAGER

Professional Summary

Senior HR professional with a continuous improverrent approach to building and supporting organizations. Driven HR Manager bringing an
innovative approach to human resource management while creating a team-driven environment that fosters room for development and growth.
Dedicated HR professional with strong grasp of employment laws, compliance issues and benefits plans. Successfiilly introduces process
improvements and staff- development initiatives to drive corporate goal attainment. Creative Business Partner dedicated to developing unique
employee orientation and training programs that will generate a loyal and knowledgeable stafE

Skills

administrative, ADP, backup, Benefits, bookkeeping, clarify, competitive, customer service, database, delivery, docurentation, employee
relations, filmg, government, HR, human resources, human resource, insurance, job analysis, labor relations, law enforcerment, Team building,
kiters, market, meetings, mail, office, Payroll processing, payroll, personnel, policies, processes, Project management, proposal, quality, recruiting,
recruitment, safety, strategy, employee handbooks, vendor mamagerrent, vendor management, vision, year-end

Work History

HR Manager , 06/2016 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Developed and evolved the departrent's mission, workflows and structure while continuously developing and improving processes in an
OL aararstuneeenn eine em

Impkmented the company’s first sourcing tracking system.

Built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy allowing me to fill 50+ positions ina period of 9 months.

Cut cost per hire and reduced average days to fill positions.

Achieved department goal by reducing tumover.

Placed new Benefits Broker and coordinated the impkmentation of new benefit programs ensuring they were current and competitive.
Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirerrent plans.

Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor managerrent, disability programs and health
benefits.

Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improverrents.

Handkd understafling, disputes, terminating employees and administering disciplinary procedures.

Resolved erploynnnt-related disputes through proactive communication.

Offered fair and equitable compensation by comparing current salaries with market pay.

Audited workphce, employee and management policies and procedures.

Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.

Nee she @crerlicee EP BE Onn P20) Co
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Acted as a liaison and maintained open lines of communication between Directors, middle management and front-lme employees.
Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.

SEHK cceete ep ieee et ae o) enyecw ecu eoes com

Audited workphce, employee and management policies and procedures.

Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirerrent plans.

Built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy.

Managed the employee rewards programs.

Conducted job analysis and job evaluations, resulting in quality job specifications.

Developed innovative new-employee orientation programs, including safety training,

Shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position.

Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.

Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor managerrent, disability programs and health
benefits.

Benefits Administrator , 01/2014 to 06/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Closely partnering with brokers to minimize year-over-year cost increases for medical, dental and vision health plans.
© Organized district-wide Benefits fair.

© Provided hands-on customer service to 2500 district employees and retirees.

© Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and retirement plans.

Hun Resources Supervisor , 08/2013 to 02/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Led a comprehensive safety training for 55 staff members.

© Handkd understafling, disputes, terminating employees and administering disciplinary procedures.

* Resolved erploynnnt-related disputes through proactive communication.

¢ Coordinated work activities of subordinates and staff relating to employment, compensation, bor relations and employee relations.
© Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.
