PRET ICO NACH
Highlights

Staffing and recruiting professional
oar enuint sass

Scent

Personnel records maintenance
Affirmative Action compliance
eye eLye |

Panuigee ace

WW erexe @Oibnemeiiitonteaas

ov) cmerentee

schivor anes
07/2015 to Current
SiEsjuce slice cling acti cha OTA mECIT Ce

Assisted with the establishment of the hiring process that is currently in use at the George's Employment and Training Center.

Assisted in the creation and implementation the first electronic hiring process within George's that pre-printed a new hire's SSN, address,
the date and name which decreased the time to hire someone from 1 hour to 30 minutes, on average.

Assisted with the development of the first electronic application for production hiring,

Exphin ters of position with new hires, such as salary, hours, dress code, job description, etc.

Responsible for onboarding new employees, which includes administering new, hire paperwork, E-Verify, and I-9 Verification,

Establish and nnintain relationships with HR managers to stay abreast of current and future hiring,

[OX eorcihilet kel nars eeaninn cas cece

10/2010 to 07/2015
SiEsjuce slice cling acti cha OTA mECIT Ce

Assisted the Managers in the staffing and compliance for 16 area locations.

Staff, insure compliance training is completed, track their assignments, evaluations, system access and terminations in the Tyson clerical and
industrial temp pool, which is over 100 people as direct reports.

Assisted with the development and piloted the first electronic application for production hiring.

Collaborated with Team to develop a detailed processes for non-discretionary, discretionary, and professional hiring,

Reviewed every I-9 and E- Verify for errors.

Ran and completed E- Verify on new hires.

Knowledgeable in SAP, ADHOC, Training and Events and e-Recruitrent data entry and Reporting,

eR TPAU Ue BU eLO
HR/Benefits Clerk Company Name 1% City , State

Analyzed employment-rehated data and prepared required reports.

Developed reports on employee headcount, monthly HR reports and quarterly training reports.
Managed all aspects of the employee life cycle process, including on and off boarding.
Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all new hires.
Ensure new hire files were complete and accurate.

A hitcttonicrma gta Biaritedr eningercretRicce (eal clon

Exphined human resources policies and procedures to all employees.

Conducted telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees.

Worked on 401(k) administration, FMLA and all areas of insurance and benefits.
Generated employee-tracking reports each month.

Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for Benefits.
Srttetkomelier eee raye Niece NOM hence route esse Tm

USPA0 ARPS)
SO cea Oo nae ben LOINC IC

Maintained open position postings.

Maintained customer service focus with employees and applicants at all levels of the organization.

Verified applicant references and employment history.

Experienced with multiple line telephones, handling routine inquires, directing calls and taking messages.

Distributed appropriate employment documentation to various plant locations.

Maintained accurate information on outgoing files to all locations.

Entering initial data, prepare for hire and rejecting in SAP as well as making any necessary changes from the recruitment side of SAP.
[Ccroriuls neice

Verify that applications are complete.

Provide assistance to applicants in completing the application.
