HR SENIOR SPECIALIST
[Osheue Oona ang

Dedicated Service Representative Professional motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.

Core Strengths
Excel, Data entry systems, Outlook, Microsoft systems

CE Otc onumccay cto
© Telephone inquiries specialist
© Courteous demeanor

FNS cw Aue eccn

Abk to master, process and apply new skills and concepts quickly.

Accomplishments
Customer Assistance A

© Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Customer Service A

© Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

Aug oanan at acs
HR Senior Specialist 09/2006 to Current Company Name City , State

¢ Health msurance/Benefit Specialist Administrative Xerox Corporation - Xerox is a leader in BPO and IT Outsourcing across a variety of
industries and the public sector.

Thousands of companies rely on Xerox to help improve their processes, manage client operations, and focus on their core business.
Duties: Provide administrative support fictions relating to personnel, retirement benefits and special projects.

Specific Responsibilities: Assist participants with questions regarding Medicare/Medicaid questions, eligbility and their specific state's
guidelines to qualify for the Medicare/Medicaid Exphin Health and Insurance coverage, primary doctors and specialists, hospitals and
treatments covered by their medical insurance and what the Medicare/Medicaid covers.

RO MInce i ccmblba merlin ecke ce LeLccm

Keep up to date with the changes in the health and insurance coverage, processes and changes.

Responsible for processing and calculating retirees’ pension.

J SsiPest ee oclLe mice eiLeim hese eneey st Date

Handle inbound and outbound calls for the team and handle the administrative tasks associated with these calks.

Work special projects including corrections of payment setups, tax forms (1099R) requests, process commencement retirees' package,
process pension calculations and educate retirees of the different payment options offered to them

Answer questions regarding the health and insurance offered to the retirees and type of coverage they are entitled to.

Provide support to the supervisor during the team meetings by preparing the issues and concems to be discussed and take minutes of the
meeting,

Significant Achieverrent Received Certificate of Excellent award for selfdevelopment and for going above and beyond my call of duty.
RNC RcO ne ntiep oan ancrn RI niee rr ceeccoy

Have mentored team members about the phone etiquette and how to score high in their quality monitoring,

Worked as administrative assistant for a $7.6 million intermational consumer bank, operating on 4 continents,

Member and Chins Representative 08/2001 to 05/2006 Company Name City , State

Provided support for the bilmgual unit during supervisor's absence.

Provided assistance and guidance to the new bilingual hired.

Performed activities designed to establish and maintain positive and productive relations with Amerigroup network providers.
Specific Responsibilities.

Facilitated care coordination for members with critical care needs in the Medicaid population.

Worked in special projects assigned by the Director of the Custorrer Service Department.

Projects included, providing administrative support to the Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Outbound Director and Inbound
Director in absence and/or vacation of their secretaries by assisting in the following,

Executive Secretary Assistant 08/2001 to 05/2006 Company Nan City , State

OE ae onan Mtoe aE aaa eae earl eta no Be eat ae RE coh SAT Lt MEO ea Oe tna ator tre Me Let
