HR ADMINISTRATOR/MARKETING ASSOCIATE HR ADMINISTRATOR
Summary

Dedicated Customer Service Manager with 15+ years of experience in Hospitality and Customer Service Management.
Respected buikder and kader of customer-focused teams; strives to instill a shared, enthusiastic commitment to customer service.

BS ania}
 Westcotentarse emai arene)

Blcloteenrsnanrand Training and development
Marketing savy Skilled mutti-tasker
Conflict resolution techniques Client relations specialist

Accomplishments

Missouri DOT Supervisor Training Certification

Certified by IHG in Customer Loyalty and Marketing by Segment

Hilton Workiwide General Manager Training Certification

Accomplished Trainer for cross server hospitality systems such as Hilton OnO , Micros Opera PMS. , Fidelio OPERA Reservation
System (ORS) , Holidex

* Completed courses and seminars in customer service, sales strategies, inventory control, loss prevention, safety, time management,
Peco eng nas Oriidnaeicecsnn atm

 

schivor anes
HR Administrator/Marketing Associate HR Administrator Dec 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

* Helps to develop policies, directs and coordinates activities such as employment, compensation, labor relations, benefits, training, and
ori e\cckcaan cece

© Prepares employee separation notices and related documentation

Keeps records of benefits plans participation such as insurance and pension plan, personnel transactions such as hires, promotions,

transfers, performance reviews, and terminations, and employee statistics for government reporting,

CEP Vices riaiiualermubl ese seccmccce Hoek aatts) each UL Sec B Con ecm

« Administers benefits programs such as life, health, dental, insurance, pension plans, vacation, sick leave, leave of absence, and employee
assistance,

AY Ele ar roP CRITE TOP

Designed and created marketing collateral for sales meetings, trade shows and company executives.

Managed the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.

Assisted in the complete design and hunch of the company's website in2 months.

Created an official company page on Facebook to facilitate interaction with customers.

Analyzed ratings and programming features of competitors to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing strategies.

Advanced Medical Chins Analyst Mar 2012 to Dec 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Reviewed medical bills for the accuracy of the treatments, tests, and hospital stays prior to sanctioning the chims.

© Trained to interpret the codes (CD-9, CPT) and terminology commonly used in medical billing to filly understand the paperwork that is
submitted by healthcare providers.

© Required to have organizational and analytical skills as well as computer skills, knowledge of medical terminology and procedures, statistics,
TIRE eat COMeIo ns Tra ice tees Aue eestcaliies treet es] M ey iinam

Assistant General Manager Jum 2010 to Dec 2010
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Performed duties including but not limited to, budgeting and financial management, accounting, human resources, payroll and purchasing.

* Established and maintained close working relationships with all departments of the hotel to ensure maximum operation, productivity, morale
piu mea en

© Handled daily operations and reported directly to the corporate office.

© Hired and trained staff'on overall objectives and goals with an emphasis on high customer service.
