ASSISTANT MANAGER - HR
PA Cavuyaliiccelimcelnngiuiarsalenensint Pa) PAI)
Professional Summary

Looking for a challenging position, which utilizes my skills, hard work and provides opportunities to lear and contribute to the organization. I want
to see myselfas an active contributor to a team of ambitious people and thereby enhance my knowledge and personality. Hunn Resource
Professional with over 4 years of rich experience in Recruitment, Organization Developement, Time Management, Training & Development,
Performance Managerent, Employee Engagement, TPM & Audit. Worked as an Assistant Manager- HR (Generalist Profile) with VARROC
POLYMERS PVT. LTD at its manufacturing unit and assisted HRM & SAP at the unit. Possess strong commumication, interpersonal, problem
solving skills and analytical skills. Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts
quickly and utilise the same in a productive manner. Fast Leamer (demonstrated ability to arn and master new skills/took, even in strictly harsh
deadline) Mentor and groom resources.

Skills

SAP R3 4.7, MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Intemet Applications). *Have good understanding of SQL, HTML, CSS and
JavaScript. *Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/2000/XP *Functional Knowledge: Recruitment, Organization Management, Tine
Managenrent, Payroll, Benefits, Personal Administration, Training and Development, ESS, Performance Appraisal.

Work History

Assistant Manager - HR , 09/2012 to 08/2013

Company Name

Generalist profile - Recruitrrent, Training & Development, Performance Appraisal, Employee Engagerrent, Audit, SAP-HR PA -Personnel

Adninistration Defined the Enterprise Structure, Personnel Structure and Pay Scale Structure for the enterprise and linked the Pay Scale

and Enterprise Structures.

Configured user parameters and the number range intervals for personnel numbers.

Configured personal data.

Orso cckibd orcad Oe wamHOn OPAC nnCir Ceem

Customized personnel actions and the reason for change in personnel action Configured Personnel Area Groupings and Employee

Gs colh al gece

Assigned Personnel Area to Company Code.

Performed various personnel actions, specifically, hiring employees, performing organizational reassignment, change in pay, termination.

PA30, PA40, PA10, PA20 Recruitent & Selection Involved in the fill life cycle of the Recruitment Process.

Induction of New joiners.

Preparation of Job Description and Roles & Responsibilities of department.

Training & Development Responsible for Establishment, Implementation & Maintaining efléctive Training & Development system in the

oyealnicalt oe

Deployment of Competency Model (Competency Mapping /Skill Mapping).

Training Need Identification ofemployces through PMS & IDP and Workinen through Skill Matrix.

Preparation & circulation of Annual as well as Monthly Training Calendar as per QMS (ISO/TS 169492009 & OHSAS).

Designing & developing Training procedures, Modules, Training syllabus & activities in consonance with training requirement with faculties.

Organizing internal & extemal training programs, OBT’s, Events & Workshop.

Creating Pre & Post-Training Assessment Tools (Evaluation/Effectiveness) - Written Test & Feedback Form to gauge the present skill &

se

Preparation of training budget with cost reduction initiatives.

© Employee Engagement Build connect with employees and their fumilies as per part of engagement initiative by conducting welfare and sports
events, new initiatives, medical support and benefits.

* Cascaded business plan and goal at unit level through formal and informal communication set up.

Organized various activities like Get-together, Birthday, Painting competition, Safety day celeb, Kaizen competition, sports activity, Auto

rosie bustin esta (em

Performance Management Co-ordination with Functional Heads in setting up of KRA's of employees.

Timely distribution of Performance Appraisal Form to all the departments.

Involved in Mid - review and yearly appraisal and delivery of appraisaVpromotion letters on tine.

Ako used to take care of performance review of trainees and probationers.

Statutory Compliance & Grievance Handling Involved in Provident Fund, Gratuity, Labour Welfare Fund, Factory License renewal,

Contract Labour Managerent, Labour welfare, Standing Order & resolving IR issues in the plant.

TPM Was appointed as TPM ET-Pillar Head in the plant and was responsible for Education & Training of staffand workers as per the

MOU Srrelnecm

Audit Responsible for facing various Customers audits (like M&M, GM, Bajaj, VW etc.), ISO/TS 16949:2009, EMS-OHSAS & TPM

Audit.

© Administration Management Monitoring of Canteen, Housekeeping, Security, Vehicle management, Stationery & Guest Managerent.

* HR Initiatives Started various HR activities at the plant level like Suggestion scheme, Coffee with HR, Connect to Home, Skip level meeting,

Knowledge Sharing, Birthday Celebration, Appreciation of employees, Established cafeteria and Library.

POSE Clee sem PAU) CORRE 22008
