HR COORDINATOR

Si

To obtain a challenging career in the human resource field where I can utilize my capabilities and experiences to achieve goals as well as my
personal developrent.

Highlights

* [have great knowkdge of fax chines, printers, copiers, and computers. I type aboutA 45 wpm with a great accuracy I also have Microsoft
Word, Excel Access and PowerPoint experience

schivor anes

CS eo cehiateg

February 2015 to Current Company Name iA City , State

Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits. Offered consistent payroll disbursement with accurate
record keeping of employee PTO and vacation accruals.

Exphined human resources policies and procedures to all employees. Conducted telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees. Answered
employee questions during the entrance and exit interview processes.

Worked closely with HR business partners to facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team strengths.

Selected and interviewed candidates for all available positions. Assessed employee performance and issued disciplinary notices.

Worked on 401(k) administration, FMLA and workers! compensation chims and benefits.

Managed overA 70 personnel files according to policy and federal and state law and regulations.

Generated employee tracking reports each month.

Wolriccckcututucitebociuiican sl ouekerennicesintcunctorelaanaem@nareilin

Organized employee schedules, departrent phone lists and business card orders.

Ran queries and reports through the ADP system.

Drafted departrrent-specific employee announcements.

Created social media initiatives for new employee search strategies.

Cee eer ALAM R SCP eke erence

Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.

Completed payroll processing from start to finish for more thanA 65 employees.

ae

ae

PayrolStaffing Coordinator

June 2012 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Maintains personal employment files Process payroll and set up E-time for employees Reconcile payroll journals and time cards Maintain
and manage PTO balances Full On boarding fimetion and recruiting duties Maintain OSHA logs and file workers compensation chins
Employee relations linison with client and supervisors Track and manage the credentials for an employee to maintain compliance Coordimate
staffing needs to meet the organization's requirements Monitor overtime accumulation and attendance of employees Manage & facilitate the
orientation process Provide facility tours and tests to candidates and newly hired employees Conduct competency checks on new and

existing employees.

Tax Clerk/Secretary
August 2007 to June 2012 Company Name 14 City , State

© Creates control logs Files documents and maps in appropriate sequence and location Maintains personal production records and submits as
required.

* Sets up informal review appointents for property owners Receptionist as needed (answer phones, use of computers, copiers, printers,
faxes, direct property owners in right direction, take messages, make appointment cards, and etc.) Utilizes multiple resources to determine
correct mailing addresses when mnil is retumed from the Post Office.

© Data entry.

General AppraisaVData Entry Clerk
Noverber 2006 to July 2007 Company Name 1% City , State

© Routing (associates field cards with appropriate maps in rational sequence for fickl work Files documents and maps in appropriate sequence
and location Maintains personal production records and submits as required.

© Sets up informal review appointents for property owners Receptionist as needed (answer phones, use of computers, copiers, printers,
faxes, direct property owners in right direction, take messages, make appointment cards, and etc.) Utilizes multiple resources to determine
correct mailing addresses when mnil is retumed from the Post Office.

Customer Service Rep
January 2005 to January 2006 Company Name i City , State

¢ Received cash from customers and employees in payment for goods and services, and recorded amounts received.
Made change, cashed checks and issued receipts and tickets to customers.

Recorded amounts received and prepared reports of transactions.

Read and recorded totals shown on cash register tape and verified against cash on hand.

Counted cash and reconciled charge sales and cash receipts with total sakes to verify accuracy of transactions.
