HR MANAGER
Skill Highlights

HR SKILLS

HR Departrrent Startup

Bieta ua Olesizalbe mettle

Sine hye wsug

FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC

WW (estab oe Rcaaveheesiong

HR Policies & Procedures *Staff Recruitment & Retention
Salary Negotiations

Employee Relations

eceolevaCHEniclbey

Unenploynent Administration

Worker's Compensation Administration

Olecurleueca Ola setcthesd

HRIS Technologies

Training & Development

Performance Management

Organizational Development

HR ProgramProject Management

HRIS applications (Lawson, Paychex, Kronos, ADP)

MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Access, Visio, Outlook)

Professional Experience
HR Manager Jan 2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

Manage the Hurman Resource fimction for e-Cycke's corporate office as well as their fulfillment and data center, consisting of benefits and
compensation administration, payroll, employee relations, policy compliance, and recruitment.

Key Results: Foster an associate-oriented culture that emphasizes continuous improvement, team- work, high performance and quality.
Ensure organizational conformation with applicable HR related regulations and statutes as well as organizational procedures and policies.
Impkment HR programs and policies as needed by the organization.

Identify, evaluate, and resolve human rehtions, employee morale, work performance, and organizational productivity concems.

Develop staffing strategies and implement programs and plans to identify and cultivate effective and appropriate sources for employees at all
ye) ihe om

Create or assist in the creation of associate training and organizational development programs.

Develop and manage the annual associate review process.

Insure that regional staffis included in corporate activities and feel like they are a part of the team

Responsible for the human resource management syster(s) and provide staffand management with essential reporting information in order
to help them in managing their associate resources.

Recruit and retain top quality associates for each department, this includes recruiting nationally and in some cases at an executive level
Create or assist in the creation of compensation plans.

Enployce benefit administration consisting of Health, Dental, Vision, VSTD, VLTD and 401(k).

Successfil in reducing the health benefit expected increase from 46% to 5% during my first month with the organization.

Sr. HR Manager Jan 2013 to Jan 2015
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Asa leader within the HR and Operations team, I was instrumental in partnering with local leadership and Corporate HR to develop and
implement HR policies, processes, technology and services that are aligned to support our company’s strategic initiatives in order to have a
successful start-up.

Key Results: Coordinated efforts to recruit and hire over 220 full time hourly associates and 27 management kvel employees whik

oOo Tice Sabena OB HEL em

Instrumental in managing and creating the set up of the HR business office, which included developrrent of personnel files, new hire
practices, payroll, and HR reporting.

Manage, by providing direction and development to HR, and develop the HR delivery as business continued to grow.

Strategic business partner to the Site Director, as well as other operations kaders, in support of start-up operations, day-to-day operations,
and peak season planning, staffing and operations.

Worked successfully with local temporary agencies in order to staffto our Peak volume, which consisted of over 1800 total associates
delivering over 3 million units from Black Friday to Christrms.

Influence HR strategy and execute tactical direction for the facility within the overall HR strategy.

Ensure internal consistency of HR policies and procedures across multiple locations.

Interact with the Corporate HR team for exempt staffing, compensation and benefits, and other fimctional groups in order to support
Operations.
