HR MANAGER

Executive Profile

Accomplished HR Professional experienced in strategic planning, organizational development and management of Human Resources business
operations. A savy team kader skilled in attracting the most qualified talent. Pivotal contributor to senior operating and leadership executives,
providing HR kadership to multiple sites from due diligence to conversation. Innovative problem sober, strategic decision maker, and strong
communicator. Benefits Acquisition Retention Recruitment Compensation Labor Relations Benefits Acquisition Retention Recruitent
Compensation Labor Relations

Skill Highlights

TONYA BELL, PHR HUMAN RESOURCES PROFESSIONAL
Organizational Development * Strategic Planning * Talent Management
Change Management

Employee Relations (ER)

Training & Development

Performance Management

SEO iltoruraenespecorice eg tis)

Organization Development (OD)

Change Management

Employee Relations (ER)

Training & Development

Performance Management

SEO iltoruraenespecorice eg tis)

Organization Development (OD)

MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access and Publisher, Adobe Illustrator, SAP, Oracle, Ceridian and KRONOS

Professional Experience
03/2013 to Current
HR Manager Company Name

The world's largest airime operating nine domestic hubs across the U.S.

with its largest hub being DFW airport located in Dallas, TX where 877 flights depart daily throughout North America, the Caribbean,
otic rac ay

Managed all aspects of Human Resources and Employee Relations for Customer Ops at DCA and LGA for US Airways.

Partnered with legal to create and manage the new ADA and Religious accommodation training and process under the new Amrrican
Aligned with Line Maintenance administration to reduce the number of outstandng ADA cases ftom 25 to zero in three months.

HR Business Partner Manager supporting Base and Line Maintenance for the Northeast and Southeast regions.

Provide ongoing training around harassment and discrimination at AFW/Taesl which has resulted in a 50% decrease in
comphinis/nvestigations.

Investigate and draft responses for external comphints to represent and defend the company’s interest and position.

06/2005 to 10/2012
Hummn Resources Consultant Company Name i City , State

The work's keading global foodservice retailer offering a number of fast food meals and products with more than 33,500 locations in 119
eel ess

Consulted, coached and established strategic relationships with key operations staff and keadership in order to impact and influence
decision-making,

Managed and executed the annual performance review and talent management cycle with staffand restaurant managers for 100 restaurants.
Managed the compliance of company policies and initiatives as well as changes around state and federal employment ws.

Conceived, developed, and introduced a hiring process that became the platform for McDonald's "Wow" Crew Orientation.

Facilitated and supported the succession planning process for assigned markets, with a focus on achieving diversity and creating
developmental plans for high performing, high potential staff resulting in 21 staff promotions in three years.

Partnered with operations to design and develop a training system to increase employee awareness resulting ina 10% improvement in food
costs and a 6% increase in sales.

Developed, implemented and evaluated compensation policies/benefits programs and pay structures that impacted more than 30,000
restaurants globally.

Conceptualied, communicated, and implemented a brand ambassador program increasing retention by 60% and cut staffing costs by 31%,

03/2001 to 06/2005
Siri P erence Mca MOO ANC Den LOIS

An organization empowering people living with mental illness and co-occurring substance disorder to live, learn, work, and participate
successfilly in their communities with integrated mental health services and community resources.

Orchestrated a culture change initiative to reform processes by introducing employee intranet allowing folks to electronically sign up for
benefits and review their personnel informtion.

Improved retention by 75% and decreased recruiting costs 21% annually.
