SR. HR GENERALIST

Summary

Quality-driven analytical professional who delivers consistent and successfil results in HR affairs, including recruitment and retention, staff
development, safety and health, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation, HR audit and records management, HR policies

Cita yereiee ges taeie)iaipaey
Highlights
© MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), EMR,
HRIS (Kronos, Lawson, PeopleSoft, QuickBooks, HBI, ADP Medical Manager.
& Orack) * Certified Mouth Swab- Drug test facilitator
Accomplishments

Created and implemented a training program for managers and supervisors including topics such as; employee motivation, effective leadership,
Cori ol qieekece siiainaaah once Lem ra rerelestL eee Cay CAN

SalI eR ccoa cca lume iia ancrearsi ile re encelentale swan ea

Reduce tumover rate by improving recruitrrent strategies, effective interviewing and proper selection. Improve employee relations events increasing
employee participation and satisfaction

schivor anes
Sr. HR Generalist 01/2012 to Current Company Name City , State

Manage and Coordinate HR Support to 5 Resorts throughout South and Central Florida.

Enforce company’s policies and procedures for 2000+ employees, in conjunction with the bargaining agreement.

Responsible for short and long term planning and managerent of the Human Resources fiction.

eee ter Rinengi UNM e uae emiaie Po wae ccmuUiiel ee \nceRe be ue mee icicles

Major areas of responsbility/management include, but are not limited to, employment, wage and salary administration, benefits, training,
employee/hbor relations, organizational development and payroll.

Work closely with Resorts General Manager implementing, achieving and maintaining the Resort's goals and objectives.

Participate in total Resort management as a member of the Resort Executive Team.

Key Accomplishments: Created and implemented a training program for mamgers and supervisors including topics such as; employee
motivation, effective keadership, completing disciplimary actions and performance reviews.

Riis retbcuee cog nics me tican arctan Pete nncetnn sles heat bela

Reduce tumover rate by improving recruitment strategies, effective interviewing and proper selection.

Improve employee relations events increasing employee participation and satisfaction.

Office Manager 01/2010 to 01/2011 Company Nanv City , State

Responsible for recruiting, interviewing, and hiring as well as monitoring payroll for over 60 retail employees.
Managed workers compensation cases for all employees.

Maintain HRIS database and 200+ personnel files.

Conducted reference checks and performed new hire and safety orientation for new employees.

Administer Personal Tine Offand Sick Time records in the HRIS database for over 4000 employees in 4 states.
EMP ebI eee Raed aecnd leg Ht ike

Acted as a liaison between benefit vendors and employees to resolve and troubleshoot claims issues.

Issue monthly and quarterly workers compensation reports to senior management.

Maintained OSHA logs and acted as a liaison between the carrier and the injured employees.

Conducted new hire benefits orientation and organized annual benefits fair.

Key Accomplishments: Developed and implemented PTO plans and Sick Time Plans for groups of employees that were currently not being
tracked in the HRIS database.

Discovered and corrected a $200,000 error in reporting reserves for workers compensation chitrs,

Redesigned and updated the open enrollment and new hire benefits newsletter.

Provide assistance to the Benefits Manager in creating a companywide wellness program.

HR Specialist 01/2008 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

* Promoted company wide a broad range of HR fimctions; Job Fairs and , administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary actions, and
managing HR records.

© Co-chaired annual flex-enrollment meetings, resolved conflicts between employees and insurance carriers, coordinated health fairs to
promote employee wellness and performed exit interviews.

¢ Worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; create group benefits databases; and develop

rerniteM@ichanurteemneat lems cect

Key Accomplishments: Foster a teammvork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.

Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind branch's employee-retention rate of 89% within an industry where high tumover is the

Peel

* Devise creative and cost-efléctive incentive and morale-boosting programs (including special events and a tiered awards structure) that
