HR COORDINATOR
Summary
Highly accomplish human resource professional, proficient at developing policy, standard operating procedures, and best practices. Proven
expertise in recruiting, training, employee development, retention, performance mamagerrent, and conflict resolution. Adept at managing multiple
projects simultaneously while demonstrating high performance standards with astute attention to details and deadlines. Organizing large amounts of
time sensitive information and evaluating priorities. Able to thrive under pressure while maintaining enthusiasm and motivation. Proficient in MS
Word, Kronos, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, HCMS.

schivor anes

SERv oo ww PAR eTsvcid

Company Name i City , State

* Ensured compliance with Federal, State, Local Laws and ARAMARK Policy

Ensured job postings were posted onsite utilizing an active Job Postings Board and all open positions are posted with the appropriate local
BIG Creche oom

Assists the District Safety Leader in managing key safety processes including the administration of workers compensation processes and the
safety component of District Manager Monitor.

Processed all new hire paperwork, ensures compktion of background checks, true-screen administration, I-9's,

Ensured Wage & Hour compliance, training, and oversight to include applicant tally and postings.

J DicttetMsleRe anes te eeeR elaine perce elesiem el peeciocd

Conduct legally sound investigations and mediate disputes/issues between managers and employees to bring to resolution

Ensured organizational structure, wages, and position classification/job descriptions are aligned with business necessity in order to meet
strategic initiatives, development and use of effective and efficient talent selection processes.

Ensures managerial coaching/counseling related to the administration of ARAMARK policy and procedure.

Ensured Affirmative Action Planning and Compliance

Pte We Pe cootecs reer nine mic neritic anata beara OURO Ri eceirulnte pacecm

Train managers in areas such as interviewing, hiring, terminations, promotions, and sexual harassrrent ensuring a positive and progressive
work environment Ensured proper administration progressive disciplinary policy.

Ensured the development and implementation of Employee Engagerrent and Retention Strategies.

Updated employees manual covering disciplinary procedures, codes of conduct and FMLA policy.

Ensures utilization of Performance Improverrent Plans as needed.

Ensured Encore Encore recognition program was impkerented, appreciation for our employees, clients, and consumers.

Administered Two Union Contracts within 6 partner companies.

Established a relationship with staff members, interact with union representatives and management.

Handled proper grievance procedures assistance; solve labor disputes within two union environments.

Controlled the phcement of 825 employees and schedules

Manage all payroll finctions, including bi weekly payroll administration, submitting bonuses

Verified the salaries, wages and compensation of employees, managed all PTO/VAC accrual

Review & Handle Unemployment Chims

Owner/Operator Jan 2009 to Jan 2012
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Efficiently manage administrative/financiaVaccounting fimctions, purchasing, inventory control, and product service supplier relations

Effectively interview, hire, train, schedule, direct, and evaluate team members, with a strong focus on the conveyance of quality customer

Roses

Apply superior communication skills toward diplomatically addressing, troubleshooting and resolving

arsine Sot

© Started not-for-profit Animal Rescue Organization where I maintained all finctions of the Animal Shelter office, including but not limited to,
PROS Nae AO RVR sR UELCM Ce UOIM ae ate Leicmalne nmin @laet cee

Office Manager Jan 2003 to Jan 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Established rental rate by surveying local rental rates; calculating overhead costs, depreciation, taxes, and profit goals.

Attracted tenants by advertising vacancies; obtaining referrals from current tenants; explaining advantages of location and services; showing
Price

Accomplished financial objectives by collecting rents; paying bills; forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling
expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action.

Achieved financial solvency through cost reduction and implementing systems to achieve 0% rent delinquency

Maintain building systems by contracting for maintenance services; supervising repairs.

(Oi elet hood ORL Mele HURST M onan m em es ClO VOLO MILER co mc inmate}

Fikd court documents for eviction and attends scheduled court hearings as Landlord's representative

Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends.

Updated job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks;
participating in professional organizations.

Accomplished organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value
