VOLUNTEER HR -IVOLUNTEER

Summary

Sponsorship not required to work in the US A successfull Human Resources Professional, with a Masters qualification in Human Resources and
experience ina challenging environment Key skill sets include Recruitment - Recruitrrent efforts, scheduling, posting positions, follow up and offer
kiters. Seasoned executive with 10 + years Staffing, Technology Recruiting and Staffing experience with a highly successfil track record at big
firms such as Nokia and also Snull-Midsized & Start-up IT services firms. Extensive hands-on experience in recruiting IT talent in the US and
India marketplace and driving talent acquisition with sourcing teams. Besides corporate sector, have also been engaged with Non-profit sector in
the sare rok for a while. Key Strengily Experience include: Extensive experience with high-volume recruiting responsibilities within start-ups and
corporate environments. Partnering with hiring managers to understand the skills and background requirements for each opportunity and provide
expert advice and coaching to hiring managers throughout the recruitment process. Conduct employment advertising campaigns and programs by
developing and managing a network of recruitment and referral resources including but not limited to networking with schools, colleges, minority
organizations, state employment services, other employers and professional associations. Participate in recruitment, interview and selection of
candidates for all levels of position openings and promote a work environment that openly embraces individuals with diverse backgrounds and
experiences. Source, screen, evaluate and select candidates through a structured recruitment process designed to obtain the best candidates.
Inform applicants of job duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits, work schedules and working conditions, company policies,
promotional opportunities and other related information. Utilize knowledge of multiple recruiting sources such as Dice, Monster, Hot jobs, 3rd
party vendors, Independent consultants and execute various recruiting strategies. Generate qualified candidates through cost-effective efforts (ic.,
alternative sourcing). Utilize a resume database for sourcing and tracking ofall candidates. Proficiency with employment interviewing techniques
and applicant appraisal. Demonstrated oral presentation and written communication skills, Excellent relationship management skills to develop
successfill networks within senior management, staffing teams and HR Partners. Ability to handle volume recruiting in a fast paced, (um) structured
environment, adhering to strict deadlines. Extensively worked on Tako tool. Dynamic and result-oriented individual with years of technical
recruiting experience, focused in the placerment of Software Engineers/Architects (Distributed and Mainframe), Database
Architects/Developers/Administrators, Network/SystenySecurity Engineers, Web Developers, Quality Assurance/Test Engineers, Technical
ProgramyProduct/Project Managers, Development Managers, and Business Analysts. Possess strong technicaVbusiness acumen and understanding
of technical requirements; deep sourcing skills and experience sourcing passive candidates; excellent candidate assessment skills. Possess excellent
knowledge of recruiting and hiring processes including sourcing, interviewing, reference checking, tracking, salary negotiations, and closing. A
resourcefill, solution- focused professional with excellent interpersonal and rapport-buikiing skills. Responsible, loyal, reliable, and independent
worker with high level of enthusiasm and creativity. Self-motivated professional who achieves results and has superior ability to coordinate and
perform several projects simultaneously Placed high-end technical professionals in the area of Information Technology Industry in contract and full
time positions. Specialized in Software Engineers/Architects (Distributed and Mainframe), Database Architects/Developers/Administrators,
Network/SystenySecurity Engineers, Web Developers, Quality Assurance/Test Engineers, Technical ProgranyProduct/Project Managers,

Dd eee M Cl sno MTS M SIC LCCCP ANA ce

Highlights

schivor anes

Volunteer HR -iVolunteer , 06/2009 i 10/2015

Job Profilng - Fromkey job requirements to job postings Provide support for recruitment activities.

Researched job boards and resume database to search right skilled candidates.

Candidate Suitability analysis for job requirements based on candidate motive and Contacting candidates and scheduled interviews.
Monitored job contracts and agreements to be renewed.

Conducted reference checks and provided the same information to recruiters.

Developed global recruiting presentations for International HR tears.

As a Non-Profit sector recruitment, matching unique job requirements with candidate fitment becomes an important aspect in this rok.
The responsbility covers not just finding the right skill set for the job but also includes trying to do candidate behavioral fitment to the job
fpeeniLc tO Ce

© The unique requirements are from different walks of life spanning across a broad range of fimctional areas.

Technical Recruiter , 01/2007 ¥Ys 01/2008 City , State
© Responsibilities.
Technical Recruiter , 03/2006 i 01/2007 Company Narre 1% City , State

© Effectively recruited candidates through Intemet research, intemal database, cold calling, referrals, networking, job fairs, and other
Ritsu com
© Responsible for checking references, negotiating terms and rates for each project, coordinating the interview process, extending offers, and
closing candidates.
© Performed extensive recruiting for Senior Software/Database Developers with heavy focus on teclmologies such as: C/C++, (Windows &
UNIX/Linux), .NET, Java/J2EE, SQL Server, and Orack.
Consistently # 1 revenue generator (gross margin $ as well as professional placement fee $) for the branch, month after month, and always
ranked in the Top 10 Recruiters within the region each month.
© Responsible for mentoring and providing on-going training and support for new recruiters and serve as a resource for keaming and navigating
senior technical policies and procedures.
Responsible for Full Life-Cycle recruiting including networking, screening and interviewing candidates, negotiating rates and closing.
The responsbility includes covering a vast skill set varying from Java, Microsoft technologies, Oracle, SAP, Quality testing, Engineering
(software, chemical, mechanical).
