SSN OVUM

Professional Profile

Responsible administrative support professional with extensive experience in Project Management and Finance environments. Organized and
detail-oriented with strengths in project management and inventory control. Certified Professional in Human Resources (PHR) with additional state
certification fiom US Anmed Forces offering a 9 year HR career distinguished by commended performance and proven results. Extensive
background in HR generalist affairs, including experience in employee recruitment and retention, staff development, mediation, conflict resolution,
benefits and compensation, HR records management, HR policies development and kgal compliance. Demonstrated success in negotiating win win
compromises, developing tearrbuikding programs, and writing personnel manual, corporate policies, job descriptions and management reports.
Qualifications

Staff Recruitment & Retention Employee Relations Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) Benefits Administration HR ProgranyProject
Managennt Orientation & OnBoarding HRIS Technologies Training & Developrrent Performance Management Organizational Development
HRIS applications (UltiPro, PeopleSoft Enterprise Hummn Resources, ADP) MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)

aaa chiesrates

PreK oumnentarscnmt Malone tiny crenntenkscurcovem ters nmr Gnves actin ovata cM cletnatr istorii
relocation with only one day of downtime. Improved departrent efficiency 80% through implementation of strategic workflow and process
Sn RGEC Ge

schivor anes
HR Generalist 12/2004 to 01/2012 Company Name City , State

See CR ee Gcc esi n Leenks ce Reet EB esi ce eset ste

2004 present Recruited to help open new company A HR branch in A Germany guiding the startup and management ofa full spectrum of

SSRs ec bOrcmy oat ems cect

Worked with senior managerent to create HR policies and procedures recruit employees create group benefits databases and develop

rerniteM@ichanurteemneat lems cect

* Manage leave of absence programs and personnel records administer benefits enrollment and programs administer HR budget and handke
HR generalist workphce issues.

* Key Results: Played a key role in ensuring the successfil hunch of US A Amny office.

© Structured and implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new

employee orientation.

Fostered a teammvork/open door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.

Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind branch's employee retention rate of 89% within an industry where high tumover is the

Peeratey

Negotiated approximately 50 salary offers and dozens of sign on bonuses/relocation packages annually at both the exempt and nonexempt

earl

Brought workers' compensation program into full compliance.

Instituted preferred providers list and trained managers and associates on procedures to follow in case of injury.

© Reduced benefits costs by 15% annually through meticulous recordkeeping and ensuring that company did not pay for benefits for which

employees were ineligible.

Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA policy and benefits information.

Introduced company’s first formal performance review program, creating a flexible and well received tool that was later adopted company

Slo

Revised job descriptions across all levels and 50+ categories.

Shadowed" and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position.

Supervisor Company Name City , State
* Leading home healthcare company employing 4,500 professionals.

HR Representative Company Name
Siw acest g

© Promoted to fulfilla broad range of HR fimctions, including recruiting and training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary
action and managing HR records.

© Cochaired annual flexenroliment meetings, resolved conflicts between employees and insurance carriers, coordinated health fairs to promote
employee wellness and performed exit interviews.

* Key Results: Trained 25member management team on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducting workshops and oneconone
coaching sessions that contributed to sound hiring decisions.

© Codeveloped company’s firstever standardized disciplinary procedures and tracking system that insulated company from egal risk and
ensured consistent and fair discipline processes.

¢ Devised creative and costefléctive incentive and morakboosting programs (including special events and a tiered awards structure) that

increased employee satisfaction and productivity.

Reworked newhire orientation program to include HR information and company resources.

Saved company thousands of dollars every month by reducing reliance on employment agencies.

Brought the nyjority of formerly outsourced recruiting fictions inhouse to reduce billable hours from 200+ to less than 15 per month.
