SES UE OBIS
Summary
Results-driven professional with comprehensive experience in human resources, customer service, and financial services; strengths include
probienrsolving, strategic thinking and creativity; known as a selfmotivated individual with the ability to work well with others in fast-paced
environments with outstanding communication skills.
Highlights

* Recruiting

© Enployee relations

© Personnel records maintenance

© New hire orientation
Pas cceoncerabaasnacera nels}
© Workday proficient

Accomplishments
Col ore a

schivor anes
HR SPECIALIST Jul 2013 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Support the HR Operations Service Delivery model by serving as a primary contact for escalated issues related to Hurmn Resource
Services (e.g, employee benefits, recruiting, on-boarding, relocation, kaves of absence, workforce administration, etc).

© Actively listen, interpret and articulate the needs of the customer (employees, Human Resources team members and management) to ensure
timely research and resolution of escalated issues.

© Monitor and maintain case management / ticketing queues to ensure cases are assigned and resolved within stated service level, as well as
ekoraheelodnclemeoutip annie Re keke SHUR e pct ow eco) bCelte

* Seck guidance on more complex issues from senior team members and/or intemalexternal partners as needed, as well as follow established

approval processes for all issues requiring resolution outside the standard.

arene ena beeeaaensla

HR Analysts, HR Analysts and management with special projects as required.

Work with human resources support center to monitor and maintain the highest level of quality service and employee satisfaction.

Handk sensitive employee data with the utmost of discretion.

Preparation and review of specific reports, as well as coordinate and assist in the uploading of mass data changes as needed.

Maintain library of process docurents (SOPs, Job Aids, etc.) to ensure accuracy, efficiency and version control.

Partner with service delivery team members to review and recommend process improvements and enhancements.

Maintain employee records through imaging and indexing documents appropriately.

Assist with invoice reconciliation and processing, document preparation review and other similar administrative duties as assigned.

STAFFING SPECIALIST Jum 2008 to Jun 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Orrsite point of contact for Co-op/Intem program Compkited applicant tracking in Hire systers Responsible for on-boarding of co-
ops/intems-payroll/creation of Identity Manager accounts/badging Facilitated New Hire Orientation Processed various workflow forms as
needed Interfaced with co-op/intems, managers and contractors when appropriate Conducted exit interviews with co-ops; terminate them
from the system Other duties as assigned.

* Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.

STAFFING COORDINATOR Aug 2007 to Apr 2008
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Responded to associate benefit questions; researched and resolved Assisted with coordinating and conducting HR-related training and other
workshops Maintained current knowledge of HR practices, laws, and regulations Addressed/escalated customer issues and concems-
payrolV/benefits/badging Assisted Staffing Specialists with Benefit refinds, Workers Compensation, Jury Duty, STD/LTD form preparation
Interfaced with candidates, managers and associates when appropriate Produced daily staffing team reports Facilitated New Employee
Orientation Conducted phone-screens over the phone with applicants Conducted interviews with applicants Special projects as assigned.

RECRUITING COORDINATOR Sep 2004 to Aug 2007
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Conducted phone interviews with applicants.

Developed and enhanced effective relationships with colleges and universities, job fair groups, business associations, advertising and
recruitment agencies, and other key resources for sourcing candidates to fill internal positions.

Teamed with business line managers to identify, recommend, and interview the most qualified candidates.

Functioned as a linsison between assigned business line(s) and human resources to capitalize on company-wide recruitrrent initiatives, events,
opportunities, and practices.

Represented U.S.

Bancorp in the community; proactively sought opportunities to source candidates.

Performed many duties involving employee communications, such as pre-employment screening, responded to routine questions regarding
