SOI B rN
Aer risa
SSS ECU Umno Reon Coben edaeanecarl gts professionally. Have the ability to lam quickly, work
efficiently and use my educational knowledge effectively in work settings. Skilled in research, multi-tasking, time management and communication.
eee cece s Bu LUE LoMnce Rosner nner meatal eet Bute rece Coton

Educational Background

ES Se eee cule RPA ne iuralter Len cen BVA LON PEST LMM ON CRC /OE Tale ei
Fern B eta eraY

Master of Science , Counselling Psychology 2015 Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science and Higher Education for Women i City, State ,
India GPA - 3.63A

Bachelor of Arts , Mass Communication 2013 Anrita Viswa Vidhyapecthami/ City , State , India

Amrita School of Communication

GPA-3.07A

Experience

HR Intem Jul 2016 to Current

Company Name i City , State

I get candidates moved through the hiring process, making sure that they are ee uc gesccuniL cence lcoaibekadin singers nine ancy

requirements. A A

¢ Basicbackground cheeksAAAAAAAAAA

Sogo lulls armed kun cos acca en ental

* License and employment verification -Reviewing/uploading credentialsA

Bae giccasccib ys) can cB icant need (is lone h aA eB Noo Tic

SBE Btn Rsoemetelnas

RU oneicli sage ARC cea rn eccetnec)

* Work independently and as part ofa teamto achieve the company's goals.

Bookstore Volunteer Feb 2016 to Jul 2016
Company Name i City , State

© Opening the store

¢ Account and check the closing and opening balance

SRW olnriitaan acains RLoaticptcee ke albanien cta tals
Bae Oho iiaee ROPIUNCIEB Leen amelie cer)

Pr cceceCusoiemnact einen icone dcrm eke eat ats

Assistant to the General Manager Apr 2015 to Nov 2015
Leon ste Ne renea EO am

° Managed the day-to-day tactical and long-term strategic activities within the business.

* Reviewed and approved billing invoices and expense reports.

Seuss Ss ElnBraioini me Rervisiun vod nae Canneteeicnre ee tee tte ast eet Tmanagement techniques and guidance.
See OR LE ncg Onn rere anna rect ee

© Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed themas appropriate. 7

* Maintained and recorded financial accounts of daily sales, purchases and other oat ew ay

Student Inte Jan 2015 to Feb 2015
Company Name i City , State

OPAC rs rear hem

© Conducted & scored tests (16PF, Stress Inventories) to new clients and as seen ace

Pee DO nls LesBcliueimuclcucce Reuse brew garaneenlee

¢ Administered "Positive Therapy” to patients.

¢ Assisted with rehabilitation activities.

Ser Ra Von Ayolbocueg ona cetentor cen icel ito Demet oT end Smoking cessation and suicide
i CaTLai WAN

Tntem Dee 2014 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City , State

PRPC Snlbe gut cincd Ban dod aa Nea sg lncd

* Counselling individuals with issues relating to family, marital, legal issues.

BO Eo contenant el geuncMreh ran ehrsccared tienes
* Observed the counselling sessions provided to sex workers.A

Sumner Intem May 2014 to Jun 2014
