EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT HR
Summary
Skillful and dedicated Executive Assistant with extensive experience in the coordination, planning and support of daily operational and
administrative fictions in a highly confidential environment. Focused, results-driven professional looking to obtain a career oriented administrative
position with Newark CEDC. Office Managerrent Calendar Management Policies & Procedures Manuals Report & Document Preparation
Spreadsheet & Database Creation Bookkeeping & Payroll Records Management Meeting & Event Planning Facility Management

Highlights

Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, SAP, Lotus Notes, Orack

schivor anes

Executive Assistant HR 01/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

© Providing administrative support to President of home-care service provider to the Developmentally Disable population.
Maintain calendar, process requisitions, and organize company meetings.

Adninister pre-employment training and testing,

Mange bi-weekly payroll for 100 employees Maintain schedules and calendar managerrent for President.

Maintain organization charts, staffing/workforce plans, HR audit files and other confidential materials.

Coordinate with Recruiting and Staffing to process new hires.

Handk all administrative support responsibilities related to HR.

Bikr 12/1999 to 05/2004 Company Narre City , State

© Processed incoming and outgoing shipments.

¢ Analyzed customer billng issues for corrective actions.

* Provided assistance to dock personnel and suppliers on shortages and overages.
¢ Assisted in special projects as needed.

Administrative Assistant 10/1997 to 08/2013 Company Name City , State

¢ Responsible for assisting the Director of Engineering, VP of Construction, HS&E Director and Human Resource Business Partner.
© Maintain documentation contro! for construction projects, new hire and safety training, purchasing activities, ensuring payment ofall site
utilities, and support accountant on account payable issues.

Specific accomplishments included: Engineering Organized travel for senior management domestic and international.
Organized travel, lodging and meal for international employees.

Prepared monthly reports for capital projects, process change, utility usage, and overtime expenditures.
Coordinated meeting, luncheons, corporate fimctions and internal training serrinars.

Assisted in the implementation of electronic system

Assisted and revise hazops, batch sheets, and SOP's.

Monitored and purchase office, facility, PPE and ab supplies.

Assisted engineering department staff (10) with expense reports, subscriptions and licenses.

Safety Training Prepared issue and maintain contractor approval applications and insurance certifications.
Maintained training logs for plant personnel and assist in the coordination of plant safety training,

Provided PPE for employees, contractors, subcontractors and visitors.

Assisted with safety walks, audits and incident investigations.

Pai batsuwerobuestbe eect ieianca acl ulie Belibe cece

Construction Liaison between city official and construction department on obtaining tax abatement utilizing the affirmation action program
Liaison between VP of Construction and architecture firms, subcontractors and union officials.

Maintained travel, lodging, and transportation for VP of Construction and staff.

Developed and implement report systems for Project Engineer and Construction Management.

Assisted in managing capital project budget for 33M-research building,

Assisted in managing capital project budget for 30M flavors building.

COO a Pelihneucetenaiitee yu remceniinnaine nese eg Beene rnsnitea i Kelecsivice

Created, maintained, and submitted requisitions, contracts, addendum to contracts, and contractor approval forms.
Setup and nnintain project field offices.

FCO Cem ee sea) amece coece mee Ken RIC OREN IIUPeLetbee) [oa cm

Maintained certified payroll documentation from all subcontractors.

Human Resources Provided assistants to HR Business Partner in new employee background checks and physicals.
Conducted new employee benefits orientation.

Prepared brochures for job fair and nnintain biweekly payroll for engineering department.

Prepared agenda for managers to meet newly hired employees.

Senior Assistant Underwriter 03/1994 to 07/1996 Company Name City , State

© Reviewed applications, letters, close outs, and cancellation policies.

* Advised clients on policy docurentation, correspondence, cancellations, deletions, and additions.

¢ Prepared, review, rate, and issue renewals and new business policies.

© Maintained and developed quality control procedures for finance contracts Developed and implemented automated monitoring systerrs.
