HR SPECIALIST (INFORMATION SYSTEMS)

schivor anes

02/2013 - 122014

COO NAN eben AGLI HICe shes reuse (nieendceebsa set)

© Penmanent/FT Supervisor: Iris Murray (910-432-2392)

Served as Fort Bragg Installation Civilian Personnel Information Systems Manager with full responsibility for establishing and implementing
automted personnel policy, providing advisory services, and resolving HR automation user issues. This included system access control, HR
automntion training administration and instruction, HR automation system software fimctionality and interface issues, hardware
troubleshooting, installation and maintenance, and regulatory and procedural guidance, etc. Systems included: FASCLASS, AutoNoa, USA
Staffing, Business Objects Applications (SAP Software), CPOL, DCPDS, CSU, eOPF, ASARS, etc.

Designed, constructed, tested, deployed, and maintained organizational SharePoint infrastructure. Designed customized web-based
management tools to improve organizational efficiency, communication, and archiving capabilities.

Served as the Webmuster for the Fort Bragg Civilian Personnel Advisory Center (CPAC) internet and intranet products with responsibility
for ensuring release compliance, proper website structure and architecture, ease of use, and esthetic appeal.

Wrote detailed technical plans to maintain organizational fimetionality in the occurrence of service interruptions due to software
incompatibility issues resulting from Network Enterprise Center compliance demands and newly implemented network configurations.
Managed storage capabilities and built a detailed archival system to maintain organization's historic docurrents.

PMs nZeskoeaiiclue eri dbemicinicd panties keeraueelat Rieti cemtchnecg scm AQueirs etnies ucirite roe Omar lETne
external customer base. Constructed customized slides and literature to meet training needs. Delivered short-term and extended training
sessions on HR automation program fimctionality, troubleshooting, capabilities.

Performed onsite and phone-based troubleshooting of HR automation programs. Assisted users with identifying likely causes of fimetionality
problems and employed nor-standard and standardized troubleshooting to solve user issues.

Managed all user account requests for all Fort Bragg users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services
to CPAC staffand external mamgers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance.

08/2012 - 02/2013
Company Name 14 City , State HR Specialist

Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kirberly Malone (870-540-3077)

Served as a senior HR Specialist leading a four-person team in the accomplishment of recruitment and placement work. Responsible for
analyzing workforce capabilities and equitably distributing workload to best utilize organizational resources. Set and tracked suspenses and
deadlines on assigned work. Set workload milestones and regularly monitored whether my team was meeting the goals as projected and
adjusted my approach accordingly to meet production requirements.

Assigned and tracked all pre-work to ensure analytical accuracy in the strategic recruitment discussion and job analysis phases. Reviewed
all RPA coding and remarks prior to submission for processing. Continually analyzed work practices and processes to gather data for
streamlining or process change proposals.

Managed all user account requests for all Pine Bluff Arsenal users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory
services to CPAC staffand external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance.
Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all
post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation Informtion Management Officer for HR automation.
Performed workforce needs assessments to determine the overall intellectual resources, skill level and training needs of junior HR Specialists
and HR Assistants. Advised the HR Officer on keaming progression, areas of needed improvement, and recommendations for training of the
junior HR workforce. Constructed training materials and performed workforce development training for my organization.

Conducted reviews and quality contro! of all assessments and vacancy announcements of my team prior to publishing and use the resulting
observations in the construct of developmental training,

Designed and conducted orrsite training on HR processes and automtion to a workforce of over 1,200 employees. Assessed existing HR
training programs and determined the need for adjustment, replacement, or maintenance based on employee feedback and productivity
measures. Constructed new training terials and delivered organizationally standardized training,

Performed strategic recruitment discussions to determine proper position classification, area of consideration, and overall recruitrrent plan.
Conducted detailed job analysis in concert with hiring managers and subject matter experts.

Built and edited vacancies, assessments, and vacancy announcements (Delegated Examining Unit and Merit Promotion) using USA Staffing.
Coded personnel actions. Performed post-selection processes.

Advised the post Command group and directorate level managers on difficult HR issues, ie. attrition managerent, regulatory
determinations, etc. Conducted regulatory, organizational, and procedural research, analysis, and synthesis of human resources related hws,
policies, and regulatory guidance in order to write proposals to address complex staffing solutions, production focus, and HR process
improvenent.

Analyzed organizational composition and provide position management and classification support to assigned organizations under the
General Schedule (GS) and Wage Grade (WG) pay schedules. Advised managers on the position classification process and the use of
various classification references and automated tools.

Performed routine and non-routine position classification of supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical,
technical, other, and blue collar position. Performed FLSA determinations. Researched and analyzed classification regulations, handbooks,
references, and regulatory guidance. Analyzed position description data and write position evahutions.

Served as the Priority Phcement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program Administrator with responsibility for program
operations and performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling, registrations, and file maintenance.
Conducted PPP file and match audits. Continually monitored program to maintain operational and procedural consistency, determine need
