HR COORDINATOR

Summary

From ny first job as a retail salesperson, I had a passion for leadership and the development of others.A As a Human Resources professional 1
have had the priviege of working with new staff members to help them be successfil in the organization. My Human Resources experience is
comprised of Generalist responsibilities where I have been abke to contribute to the betterment of the organization and play a key rok in increasing
RaCueeibemimatl sy) oam away

Highlights

SBM eccrine rnc nko MMR ieee ce

Cae Sire) hcsiciniles auauee strats : cies eee

CMasirvidtcsiineetne mean eserasd © Organized

* Newemployee on-boarding A Vererictconicentling

Se aa * Microsoft Office SuiteA
Accomplishments

Revamped the orientation process for all new hires, which was implemented company-wide. Eamed special recognition for designing and
compkting a two-year restructuring project of 20+ years of volunteer records. Received employee of the year for outstanding and dedicated
service. Appointed to the Business Processes team - a select group who analyzes and restructures business process for the organization.
schivor anes

Company Name City , State HR COORDINATOR 12/2011 to Current

COM ns y oeea arcnos elon neonate re es eM Rod encneob ork en rr) crrananang
COS yuna ol eon Lenore caramel eli sue Cee a Lae Recker SLES ees chad
Hurmn Resources. A A

¢ Iwas able to improve how the organization manages its volunteer information and approvals by kearning, implementing, and training others
ona newcomputer program A I have successfillly overseen the vohinteer approval process which includes background screening.

A 1000+ new volunteers and 1000+ existing volunteers are re-screened each year to ensure a safe environment for girls. A This experience
has provided me with a t horough understanding of background screening laws, required notification, and maintenance of records.A
Design new employee packages and send them via mail and e-mail.

Resolve personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.

Post and audit job postings for od, pending, om-hold and draft positions.

Draft department-specific employee announcements.

Exphin human resources policies and procedures to all employees.

Manage communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.

Offer consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee PTO and vacation accruals.

Process all salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustrents.

Address inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues.

Work with senior-level managerment to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.

Guid clients on how to conduct background checks and verify references.

Successfilly advanced the on-boarding process by creating a positive, comprehensive new hire experience; conduct all new hire training;
oversee completion of required paperwork and documentation.

Manage employee benefits enrollment and termination; comprehensive knowledge of benefit details.
Key contributor to the revision of comporate background screening policy, practices, and kegal adherence.

Company Name City , State HUMAN RESOURCES/OFFICE MANAGER 06/2003 to 04/2011

Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligble employees.

Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.

Developed anA employee handbook, including content and layout.

Guided the development and management of HR operations and processes for the organization.

IO eletrebriaiuecmueni eats suoenbe pause

Managed personnel files according to policy and federal and state law and regulations.

Generated employee tracking reports each month.

Offered consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee PTO and vacation accruals.
Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.

Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.
Planned and kd training programs on staff development.

Provided support for CEO and sales team in managing operation work flow.

Handed and processed confidential client information.

brairestbeny
Master of Arts : Organizational Leadership 2011 Regent University , City , State
ire mue@lresiialhoese Davee ser asa ence
