HR PARTNER
Summary

Experienced Human Resources Business Partner with expertise in partnering with Line of Business Leaders to provide guidance on human capital
strategies to include, but not limited to, employee relations, talent management, compensation, etc., in order meet business goals and objectives.

Highlights

© Project management

CMW cuoeisiscanulgoinarates

© Talent management expertise
Dei )ehechoslteiceteaticd
Performance managerment strategies
[Avr ersiuoto anaes
Employment law knowledge
Manager coaching and training
Presentation/Facilitation experience

Accomplishments

Lead Project Teams to address human capital strategies (ie., Performance Mamagerrent, Rewards and Recognition, etc.) that resulted in manager
ere cE reste ee

Developed and facilitated Change Management training for all front-line managers in the Line of Business.
Developed, trained, and implemented common attendance guidelines for line of business and executed to the new guidelines.

schivor anes
HR Partner
AT PUI ROMO ina Qer neha LOS MeCI Hc)

* Provide strategic hun resources guidance and oversight on a wide range of activities in support of assigned line of business. In both a

hierarchical and matrix management environment

Collaborate with senior leadership teams to influence organizational design, management practices and work environment changes.

Lead project tearrs on end-to-end strategy on human capital initiatives (ie., retention, rewards and recognition, performance managerent,

etc.)

Probkenrsolve mid-complex issues as they arise with all levels of management across business groups.

Coach and develop less experienced staffon broad human resources issues and monitor resolution progress.

Coach and develop managers at all levels on performance management of their employees.

Provide expertise in facilitating resolution of complex issues and interpretation of policies.

Partner with all levels of management in both a hierarchical and matrix management environment to build leadership competencies in order to

Pn Peed ecnonulmionoibeLanetalaneneneecatcc etc

Partner and engage with key stakeholders in the Wells Fargo/Wachovia Bank integration efforts.

Develop business cases for Senior Leadership (Le., LOB, HR, etc.) approval to implement restructure to any one business unit which may

result in displacements.

Partner with LOB Project Team to develop and execute plans and communications in support of these activities.

Lead cross-fimetional or cross-business unit/division teams assigned to implement workforce initiatives as well as develop programs and

process improvements associated with human capital and business initiatives.

© Create and facilitate virtual presentations for employees and managers across several states and four different time zones in the areas of
policy interpretation, recruiting, compensation tools, leaves of absence, etc.

© Provide consultation to senior management on complex issues and actions and partner with other human resources partners or COE's (ic.,
Employee Relations, Compensation, EAC, Leave Management) as needed

« Advise managers on compensation issues, review job descriptions, make salary recommendations as needed.

Associate People Sves Officer
Noverber 2001 to May 2007 Company Name 14 City , State

Provide strategic human resources guidance and oversight on a wide range of activities in support of assigned line of business.

Coach and develop managers at all levels on performance management of their employees.

Provide expertise in facilitating resolution of complex issues and interpretation of policies.

Create and facilitate virtual presentations for employees and managers across several states and four different time zones in the areas of
policy interpretation, recruiting, compensation tools, leaves of absence, etc.

¢ Provide consultation to senior management on complex issues and actions and partner with other human resources partners or COE's (ic.,
Employee Relations, Compensation, EAC, Leave Management) as needed

Advise managers on compensation issues, review job descriptions, make salary recommendations as needed.

Provide interpretation, application, and enforcement of HR related policies, procedures, and laws, including but not limited to FMLA, ADA
OSL MVUR Coe reece etc Deeb

* Conduct interviews and counseling sessions with employees and management, including performance counseling, career counseling,
