HR CONSULTANT
Summary

Certified Human Resources Professional with 15 years background in full range of HR fictions with extensive experience in employee
mmnagenent, hiring, training State and Federal compliance and the ability to incorporate HR practices to achieve business results.

Highlights
Pa tesliineetne eC esenasg
© Recruiting
CM esc s becoranreyia kal
© Manager coaching and training

© Performance management
© Employment law compliance
© Enployee rehtions

Accomplishments

¢ Established HR infrastructure as companies transitioned from small to mid-size.
© Trained HR staffin proper creation and retention of HR docurrentation

© Instituted Performance Management process with supporting training and follow-up.

© Supported Company through change management during and after acquisition.

© Impkmented process for leave management incorporating the complex interaction of FMLA, CFRA, ADAAA and PDL.
schivor anes

SAO Nini g

July 2014 to December 2014 Company Name i City , State

Partnered with legal department of multi-state client (40,000+ employees) to establish ADAAA and other workplace compliance. Identified and
updated a backlog of LOA and accommodation issues.

Hummn Resource Specialist
August 2008 to June 2014 Company Narre 1% City , State

¢ Human resources advisor to a diverse group of clients from various industries, delivering customized HR service solutions that positively
impact client business and ensure compliance with State and Federal laws.

Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance. Designed the employee performance evaluation process and
merit program Created and implemented the exit and interview program process.Advised top management on appropriate employee
corrective actions.Created and modified job descriptions within all departments. Worked with senior-level managerrent to create fair and
consistent HR policies and procedures. Worked with HR advisors and HR representatives on establishing consistent hiring practices.Created
and managed more than [Number] confidential personnel records.Guided clients on how to conduct background checks and verify
references.Developed more than [Number] employee handbooks, including design and layout.Facilitated monthly meetings to develop
strategies that would positively influence workphce relationships.Conducted an average of [Number] employee exit interviews per
year.Processed all salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments. Processed all salary changes
stenming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.Guided the startup and management of all HR operations,
systems and programs for a new location within the company.Led a weekly open enrollment question and answer session with employees
on benefit program updates.Supported [Number] employees at all levels, including executive leadership.Recruited and interviewed
[Number] applicants per [Time period]. Increased the employee base by [Number]% to meet changing staffing needs. Implemented an
innovative employee incentive program, which resulted ina [Number]% increase in staff productivity. Directed [Initiative] to maximize
[Positive outcome].Answered employee questions regarding [Topic] and [Topic] and resolved any issues. Advised managers on
organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes.Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward
organizational objectives. Directed personnel, training and labor relations activities. Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and
selected applicants.Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts
and helping resolve work-rehated problens.

Worked directly with small business owners and start-up companies to build, redefine and update HR department to support organization's
strategic goals and objectives. Provided liability management training to supervisors and managers. Created and implemented interview and
selection, performance management, succession planning processes. Utilized HR Metrics to support creative solutions for Human Capital
Management.

* Provide guidance on compliance as well as design programs to attract, retain and grow stafl

« Manage ER mutters to provide conflict resolution and mitigate liability.

Situ exe tundCcrarlite
April 2007 to April 2008 Company Name 1'4 City , State

© Partnered with managers to interpret and implement company policy, providing insight and guidance on employment law in order to maintain
consistency and compliance. Provided coaching and counsel in the areas of employee relations, performance management and corrective
actions. Acted as liaison between managers, employees and centralized HR fimctions during implementation of organizational process
changes. Identified issues and proposed changes that challenge the status quo to align growth with corporate goals. Considered SME
(subject matter expert) for Leaves of Absences, Workers Compensation and I-9 compliance. "Go-to” person for HR stafk
