HR SPECIALIST, US HR OPERATIONS

Si

Tend 7
Versatike media professional with background in Communications, Marketing, Human Resources and Technology.A

schivor anes
09/2015 to Current
HR Specialist, US HR Operations Company Name 14 City , State

Managed communication regarding hunch of Operations group, policy changes and system outages

Designed standard work and job aids to create comprehensive training program for new employees and contractors
Audited job postings for old, pending, on-hold and draft positions.

Audited union hourly, non-union hourly and salary background checks and drug screens

Conducted monthly new hire benefits briefing to new employees across all business units

Served as a link between HR Managers and vendors by handling questions and resolving system-related issues
Provide real-time process improverment feedback on key metrics and initiatives

Successfillly re-branded US HR Operations SharePoint site

Business Unit project manager for RFI/RFP on Background Check and Drug Screen vendor

01/2014 to 05/2015
TT, Marketing and Communications Co-op Company Name i City , State

Posted new articles, changes and updates to corporate SharePoint site including graphics and visual communications.

Researched and drafted articles and feature stories to promote company activities and programs.

Co-edited and developed content for quarterly published newsletter.

Provided communication support for internal and external events.

Collaborated with Communication team, media professionals and vendors to determine program needs for print materials, web design and
digital communications.

Entrusted to lead product, service and software hunches for Digital Asset Management tool, Marketing Toolkit website and Executive
Bicone ner) ordnta

Created presentations for management and executive approval to ensure alignment with ee eae pti Bivebersteeiney

Maintained the MySikorsky SharePoint site and provided timely solutions to mitigate issues.A A A A

Seen senieniiecet my ccm oes OO MBs rinecer eetnem

APACE NC
Relationship Coordinator/Marketing Specialist Company Name 1% City , State

Partnered with vendor to manage the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.

Coordinated pre-show and post-show activities at trade shows.

Managed marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.

Ordered marketing collateral for meetings, trade shows and advisors.

Improved, administered and modified marketing programs to increase product awareness.

Assisted in preparing internal promotional publications, managed marketing material inventory and supervised distribution of publications to
ensure high quality product output.

Coordinated marketing materials including brochures, promotional materials and products.

Partnered with graphic designers to develop appropriate materials and branding for brochures.

Used tracking and reporting systems for sales leads and appointments.

09/2009 to 10/2012
Assistant Head Teller Company Name 1% City , State

Received an internal audit score of 100 %.

Performed daily and monthly audits of ATM machines and tellers.

Educated customers on a variety of retail products and available credit options.
Aisa nie em moccad etme lal eel Riedy

Organized company sponsored events on campus resulting in increased brand awareness AA AAA
Coached peers on the proper use of programs to improve work flow efficiency
Utilized product knowledge to successfillly sell to and refer clients based on individual needs

Organized company sponsored events resulting in increased brand awareness and improved saks AAA AA
Coached peers on the proper use of programs to increase work flow efficiency

Senior Producer - 2014 SHU Media Exchange Company Name 1% City , State

Planned and executed eventA focusing on Connecticut's creative corridor, growth of industry and opportunities that come with development. AA
panel of industry professionals addressed topics related to media and hosted a question and answer session for approximately 110 attendees.
Following the forum, guests were invited to engage in networking and conversation at a post-event reception,

brairestbeny
