HR MANAGER
Riterersay
To obtain a position that offers many opportunities for growth and development that will enhance my existing knowledge in Management and
Leadership. In return, I will give my very best to the company so it can achieve its goals and aspirations to continue fiture success.
Asha ianie
Ce Cela eros
¢ Providing focus and direction
oRsneelcelinalicg
Motivating employees to do
att
Accuracy and attention to
Croan
PANNA ORE ee lana, * Excellent interpersonal, planning and organizational skills
team © A team player who handks multiple projects simultaneously ina fast paced environment
ner MS iets © Proficient ina variety of computer software programs: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft
communication and Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Visio, Lotus
influencing skills INC
Strong analytical and
probkm solving skills
oer ETO AN eell te
and a high level of
puueltecss ena iset)

ry

e

colon ane
Company Name City , State HR Manager 04/2015 to Current

© Supervises, coaches, and counsels staff

eTeXon Meet L Rnd tan LeniaimiecccesoliPonanwr a min eecnmanaenmoncckansscragiet
fairness, resolving complex policy related issues, conducting investigations, and make appropriate recommendations as needed.

© Provides guidance in developing employees for transfer and promotion.

Manages the annual talent review, performance goal setting, performance review, development planning and compensation planning
ireeed

Designs, implements, and facilitates new employee assimilation, orientation, coaching sessions, teambuilding, and interventions to merease
team effectiveness. A

Mentors less experienced staf

Participates m special projects or completes other duties as assigned.

Company Name City , State Office Operations Manager 04/2013 to 03/2015

Se UO Pie nom cence ikem brsneelere uci inenon semen clear occunireky etl era tala

¢ Impknent quality improverment ideas and Monthly audit of security policies, ensuring the company is in compliance with the guidelines
Communicate and report directly to Vice President regarding team performance and attendance Plan, manage and communicate special
projects and events; ¢.g,, employee recognition programs, community activities, etc.

¢ Prepare customer correspondence.

¢ Serve as liaison between support staffand other divisions/department Assist with the administration of the day-to-day operations of the
hurman resources fimctions and duties, such as employee orientation, development, and recordkeeping.

Company Narre City , State Customer Support Manager 10/2012 to 03/2013

© Manage an emnil support team of ten members, who provided information to customers conceming their order status and accounts by
researching online.

CRM clini bravmreenuitar) woe oncene Rance ius ariel ies ellcm

© Project Lead on muttipk projects and responsible for planning, executing, and keeping the projects on time.

¢ Handk all escalated customer related issues.

Company Name City,, State Teller 02/2010 to 08/2011

¢ Processing transactions for customers to help them manage their finances.

© Record all transactions promptly, accurately and in compliance with bank procedures.
¢ Ensure compliance with all internal controls and established policies and procedures.
¢ Exphin, advise on and promote bank products and services to customers.

Company Name City , State Retail Support 02/2008 to 01/2010

ra! read o Sar tA Cr or frat rs a rr 1
