SIO) ONCE
Summary
Hun Resource Manager adding value by contributing to company growth and profitability. Trusted adviser and strategic business partner.

Efficient in developing and implerenting HR plans and procedures. Promotes teanroriented, open-door environments conducive to successful
workforce. Highly motivated to achieve company goals.

Highlights
© Coaching and training © Performance mamgement
© Employment awknowkdge © Records maintenance
* Enployee rehtions CEctineceec@ ceili
Cee Sheraiaeseen ei ¢ Succession planning
« HRIS proficient © Training and development
Accomplishments

CREST iniiccRe\ ic Pa S1S|O OR esee tier)

© Developed training guides for New Hire Orientation, Time Management System, Applicant Tracking System, and Positive Associate
Relations.

© Introduced the first on-lme Applicant Tracking System

Ce Loren cre yeciiwccee Ge eho rcmthines mcs] aS m Lee at ate

schivor anes
Cero
May 2015 to Current Company Name - City , State

* Address inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues.
¢ Advise top management on appropriate employee corrective actions.

© Facilitate regular meetings to develop strategies that positively influence workphce relationships.
* Recruit and interview applicants daily.

¢ Impkmented an employee recognition and incentive program

© Generate employee tracking reports each week.

* Work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.
STU cen ea nlc

June 2004 to May 2015 Company Name - City , State

© Multi-unit HR business partner upholding Company mission, vision and values system.

Support 12 units with over 1000 employees at all levels, including executive leadership. Analyze stafling needs and develop strategies to
Feo TABLA CctIeealivarl aa

Ocoee RU lic Reeeecuaceecmuuiienlecan eel

Facilitate meetings to develop strategies that positively influence workphce relationships.

New hire and other HR related paperwork compliance.

Advise management. Work with operations to establish consistent hiring practices including succession planning,

Work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures. Review federal and state laws to confirmand
enforce company compliance. Advise management on appropriate employee corrective actions.

Guide operations on how to conduct background checks and verify references.

Employee performance evaluation process and merit program.

Address inquires from employees and management regarding employee relation issues.

Prepare EEOC responses.

Respectful workphce investigations.

Monitor compliance of company policy.

Coordinate performance reviews, assessments, and individual development plans.

Process salary changes resulting from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.

Partner with asset protection to train and maintain compliance.

Uce elke bear aaaay com

eDrninecaices
February 2001 to March 2004 Company Nanw - City , State

Coordinated activities of team members in multiple locations.

Recruited, trained and developed customer service representatives.

(8 erlecRrchanesrrstiiace

Monitored daily activities of customer support tears.

Monitored program compliance to maximize customer satisfaction and manage associates.
Provided departrental reports and updates to senior management.

Resolved customer questions, issues and comphints.
