HR DIRECTOR
Summary
Hummn Resource Professional Confident, Resourceful Human Resources professional, with academic background in human resources
Pita aneleen nemo Koerobed Um ichMmercinlnnme rao eat senecd Meal a Acca mE Renee maori emiiatis und ok]
Cont ec Om B Cm nnceeauinaira Lena
Highlights
« Analytical Skills Good Interpersonal Skills Organizational Skills Communication Skills
© Recruiting and Staffing Performance Managerrent Employee Relations Selection/Recruiting
© Employee Orientation Training & Development Policy & Procedure Writing Detail Organization
Staff Supervision Employee Records System Orr the-job Training Job Analysis
Cold Calling Internet Sourcing Compensation Labor Laws
Labor Policies Equal Employment Opportunity Interviewing Discipline Issues
Social Networking Recruitment Advertising Campus Recruiting OSHA Standards
Employee Grievance Employee Verification Screen/Schedule Candidates Commumity Outreach
Computer Skills
Microsoft Office Word Excel Outlook PowerPoint Publisher Health Care 1S
HRIS Systems PeopleSoft Chikd Care IS Day Care Software QuickBooks Data Input

Accomplishments
Devised a successful recruiting plan for my employer, which resulted in 25 new employees in 2-months.

schivor anes
Company Name January 2014 to January 2015 HR Director
Nei

¢ Communicate orally and written with chikdren, parents, staff, volinteers, guardians, therapist, case workers with a variety of economic
backgrounds, with clear and precise understanding withhokling confidential or sensitive information with discretion.

Dato emi LG CHAMME Bree icing sceueTt erie) emo Malt sey ace ca etieltn

Skilled in identifying problems, and determining accurate and relevance of information, by using sound judgment to generate and evaluate an
alternative while making a decision.

* Develop policies and procedures, to include researching, drafting, editing and revising according to the federal, state, and county hws as
well as assuring these policies and procedures are met.

Pre-screen to ensure candidate is a strong fit for the position by matching individuals skills with the needs of the organization.

Knowledge of federal laws elighility status and procedures pertaining to the full array of benefits in order to provide advice and support to
ostinatnicm

© Provide facility with classroom training, demonstrations, on-the-job training, meetings, conferences, and workshops and leadership
development education.

Ability to interpret and analyze material and make well adjusted decisions from the analysis.

Hiring staff'and managing the overall image of the facility; developing job descriptions, interviewing candidates, maintaining staff development
and education and, as well as, managing disciplinary processes.

Ability to work with individuals to access needs, provide assistant, resolve problems, as well as satisfy any expectations.

Ability to use data input software, methods, and procedures to meet the needs of the consumer; input and data retrieval and provide
correspondences.

Enter employee data accurately and efficiently into recruiting database; employee sick leave, vacation, work hours, pay, and annual eave.
Served as Liaison between the agency and media/ advertising/sponsorships Create a budget and provide budget reports for events.
Coordinates and administers the new hire on-boarding process.

This includes ensuring all new hires have gone through all pre-employment requirements, maintains contact through the process with new
hires and greets and reviews first day requirements with new hires and conducts new hire orientation.

© Responsible for operational and technical HR duties to include: computer entry and file maintenance; new hire orientation; maintenance of
confidential personnel files and personnel actions in compliance with applicable egal requirements; maintain computer employee data
information; miscellancous employee requests; assist in exit process.

Makes copies, faxes documents, prepares and processes muil and performs other clerical fimetions.

Review for accuracy and completeness all data and documents required to process new hires, pay transactions, terminations, leave of
absences, and other employee transactions for employees.

Ensure that the appropriate forms and documents have been initiated for all of these transactions in a timely manner.

Contributes to team efforts by accomplishing related results ina cooperative and supportive manner.

Reviewing current organizational effectiveness and making recommendations for improvements.

Answers routine payrol/Kronos questions for managers and employees, and assists with problem solving.

Acts as a liaison between employees and the service center to resolve problems and chrify questions or concems Facilitate updates and
random notifications for drug testing programs Responsible for overseeing personnel fimetions including compensation, benefits
administration, FMLA, and compliance with Federal/State employment regulations.

Works collaboratively with the management team to solve problens, set directions, and respond to health care business challenges.
Dicted LeetQ oe rranaekeossunecel Gs) aecMLecl mete coleemut elec seems cme near tLe

Managing and motivating staff to increase productivity and ensure business efficiency.
