DESIGNATION: HR ASSISTANT
Petes onal Sines ra

Hurmn resources coordination and management professional offering a strong background in employee beh and development, new hire
orientations and employee relations.A Committed HR Professional with around 3.5 years of qualitative experience in HRD/Administration Fipellbetiated
Recruitment & Selection, Performance Management System, MIS & HRIS, Employee Master, Training & Development and HR ISO

lesTiipae atten

Core Qualifications
© New employee orientations
¢ Maintains confidentiality
¢ Human resources audits
CBS Kay ¢ MS Word, MS Excel and MS Power point.
¢ HR policies and procedures expertise
¢ Stafftraining and development

bila ane
Designation: HR Assistant Mar 2008 to Jun 2010
Company Name 1% City , State

rN

rN

pea nate

© Sourcing and short listing resumes from job portals, jobs postings and intemal data bank based on Recruitment Specifications and needs
pais

© Sending the screened profiks to the indenter, obtain the shortlisted profiles ftom indenter and coordimate the Interviews.

Mrdinnietnmcecconmee cect eleanor la tileetre brn Cl oe caval

Preparing and Issuing offer letters to selected candidates.

On boarding process and induction programm for the new joinees.

Oy ecu eee On Lone Ronee ye nen@ artis] -lnM cr anon

Performance Management System: A

¢ Assisted in design and development of Performance Appraisal Fors and setting up of new appraisal system,
Assisted in indentifying and designing the Competency Framework.

© Assisted in Conducting of PMS Awareness workshops to all employees across the group.

© Guide employees to fill-in Performance Appraisal Forms by clarifying their doubts.

CPCS uneto cant eR ate eke unig Ove

See ona piace ince Retin oe see Nooo Borer O Nn netted tree

¢ Increments through the Grading & Percentage

Accountable for MIS, HRIS and Employee Master: A

SE ol ice Reon ce BIRO ECL mUa TCM Tend (a(n re maul lecee Rell Recomterran | weececcd
© Compilation, preparation and generation of reports in different formats.
© Preparation of Employee attrition rate details (Business, Cadre and Function wise) and reasons for Separation of Employees.

Training and Development:

© Identification of Training needs based on Performance Appraisal.

¢ Planning of Training Prograns, Preparation of Training Calendar & Preparing training budget Identifying the intemal and external trainers
Arranging internal & external training for employees.

PP eto duns eee obininig ilies eeu aac valege heat marek acre

¢ Keeping track of trainings provided to the new jomees (OJT)
