FIELD HR ASSOCIATE
Summary
Reliable HR Field Associate with a Master's of science in Human Resource management emphasis as a Generalist. Passionate and motivated with
a drive for excellence. Handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
Skills *Verbal and written communication
skills *Time management and organization skills *Powerpoint presentations *Flexible *Recruiting *Investigation training *Employee engagement
* Ability to develop and execute recruitment strategies *Analyze data and recommend opportunities for improverrent *Experience in preparing for
audits *Assisted in the hiring process by screening resumes-Select interview process certified via FedEx Ground * Demonstrated ability to interact
eflectively with employees. * Ability to anticipate and identify problems and use sound judgment and fact based analysis to develop effective and
efficient solutions. * Software skills, including use of Microsoft Office software and web-based applications. * Ability to work day, evening and
overnight hours as business needs dictate. I am sending my resume to apply for the position of HR Generalist at AccruePartners, which was posted
on LinkedIn by Mr. Luther Hardings. As you can see in my resume, I possess over 6 years of experience working as an HR professional at two
renowned companies in the US, which according to your job requirements, are two most important points. My qualifications are the exact match
to your job descripton: * Capable of carrying out the recruitment process efficiently whik maintaining quality standard. Evidence: Screened 1500
resumes, Interviewed 500 candidates and hired 150 from this pool for the new call center setup at ABC Company in only 25 days. * Able to
consistently draft new and improve HR policies and procedures to boost staff motivation. Evidence: With new and improved policies and
procedures and resolving all staffrelated issues, increased employee motivation which resulted in increased retention percentages over the years
that I worked at ABC Company. * Proficient in executing effective employee performance evaluations and subsequent performance based
appraisals Evidence: Performed employee evaluation process and appraisals on quarterly basis under the supervision of the HR manager at
Enerson Network Power Inc. With my passion for HR work, superb management skills and the urge for performing with quality, I would be able
to contribute to your HR Department effectively. Thank you very much for your consideration. I look forward to meeting with you soon. Best
regards, (Signature) Nathan Talovsky Enclosure. *Mar *Human Resource Coordinator Thank You Ennil after Interview A thank you letter or
email is a business norm which every candidate has to follow behind interview with a prospective employer. Thank you email are a courtesy that
you should indulge in. Let us take the example ofa candidate who has given an interview for the position ofa Human Resource Coordinator. He or
SAWP ec ORe eRe Teo lane bac ecw Nee tom ia ecm@ulel Herne Gailct tem nicar caw (om nChualem
Human Resource Coordinator Thank
You Ennil To: Jennifer Miller [Email] Subject | Re: Human Resource Coordinator - Kimberly Perez Dear Ms. Miller, Please accept my heartiest
appreciation for taking out the time and interviewing me for the position ofa human resource coordinator last Wednesday. It was an absolute
pleasure meeting you in person and discussing the possibility of my working with ABC Company. I am very enthusiastic about joinng ABC
Company, meeting you at the interview Ins solidified my interest even further. As a keen candidate for this position, I have much to offer in tenvs
of meticulous attention to detail while carrying out HR duties, organizing and scheduling on boarding activities for new hires and ensuring
compliance for FMLA. My demonstrated ability to work ina fast paced environment will be evident from my work in responding to employee
requests and coordinating general administrative tasks. Responsible for addressing employee relations concems and recruiting for open positions at
assigned facilities. Must be able to travel up to 75% of the time with overnight stays required as business needs dictate. Essential Functions *
Ensures compliance with all employment laws, regulations, and FedEx Ground policies, procedures, and processes. * Identifies employee relations
issues and resolves as appropriate. Provides Hurmn Resource (HR) advice to management and responds to employee inquiries. * Conducts
investigations ina timely and appropriate manner. Identifies the issues and parties involved and provides a thorough and accurate investigative
report with appropriate recommendation(s). * Maintains an HR presence in assigned facilities by engaging all levels of employees through activities
to include, but not limited to, dock walks, engagement meetings, and/or special events. * Leads the development and execution of the recruitment
strategies while managing costs to budget. This includes, but is not limited to, recruitment activities, peak planning, and participating in outreach
events. Buikls and maintains effective relationships with schools and community-based organizations. * Analyzes data and provides
recommendations to management for improvement initiatives. * Prepares, audits, and monitors Affinmative Action Plans. * Screens resumes of
internal and external candidates for non package handler positions, participates in the panel interview process, and makes recommendations to the
hiring manager regarding final selection decisions. * Properly and timely dispositions applicants and jobs by effectively utilizing applicant tracking
system * Assists management with development ofjob offers, which includes gaining appropriate approval. * Ensures all new employees are on-
boarded effectively. * Manages participation in all government-sponsored tax credit programs. * Facilitates and conducts training, * Participates in
hub and station assessments and assists with strategic planning solutions. * Participates in Operations’ staff meetings. Minimum Education *
Bachelor's Degree in Hurmn Resources, Business, Communications, or related discipline required. In addition to the two (2) years Minirum
Experience, a high school degree or GED and additional four (4) years HR Generalist, employee relations or recruiting (to include FXG/FXSP
Field HR Associate) will be considered equivalent to a Bachelor's Degree. Mininum Experience * Two (2) years professional HR experience in
HR Generalist, employee relations or recruiting (to include FXG/FXSP Field HR Associate) required or related area. Required Skill, Abilities and
/ or Licensure * Verbal and written communication skills necessary to explin complex and/or confidential information and communicate with all
kevels of managenent. * Time managerrent and organizational skills necessary to mamge multiple projects, appropriately prioritize workload, phn
for resources to meet deadlines and goals, and work independently in responding to day-to-day fimctional needs. * Presentation skills necessary to
facilitate training and/or deliver informational sessions to groups and/or individuals. * Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with employees. *
Ability to anticipate and identify problems and use sound judgment and fact-based analysis to develop effective and efficient solutions. * Software
skills, including use of Microsoft Office software and web-based applications. * Ability to work day, evening and overnight hours as business
needs dictate. * Professional in Human Resources (PHR) Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) certification preferred. % of Travel for
the Position 50%-75% Address
Highlights
e Hurmn Resource Generalist
* PROFILE: Avid professional with over 6 years of experience ina fast paced Human Resource departrent. Incomparable ability to
prioritize and execute multiple HR projects and deadlines concurrently. Unmatchable organizational, time management and interpersonal
skill. Proficient in administering corporate HR initiatives, providing a broad level of counseling on recruitment, employee relations,
retention and training programs and handling complex situations with professionalism and confidentiality. Expert knowledge of local, state,
