HR CONTACT CENTER SPECIALIST

Forward-thinking professional with various experience in human resources, sakes, customer service and education, offering excellent
communication and computer skills; highly organized and meticulous.

Skills

MS Office Suite

Sclf-motivated professional

Team kadership

Meeting deadlines

Time mamagenent skills

Ce ee

Experience
07/2016 to Current
SIMO clue Qonom red slice Gus sce helene NEN CG

© Answer and resolve employee and people-manager issues including navigational support and processing corrective transactions when
required.

Provide advice on how to compkete requests and/or options for next steps based on scenarios.

These could include; guidance related to compkting HR responsibilities (year- end compensation, mid-year and year-end processes,
resource planning), guidance related to mking employee data changes (new hires, transfers, terminations, retiring), guidance related to the
administration of employee programs (Service recognition, PTO/Vacation entitlement, time adivinistration).

Maintain adherence to all audit/compliance and regulatory requirements.

Provide support on all HR policies, processes, and procedures including knowledge of Benefits and Payroll processes and transactions,
people-manager responsibilities and employee programs and services (including navigational support of all HR systems) to the employees,
peopke-mmnagers and the HR community.

In addition to the above duties: I have taken the initiative to be a part of the new hire training, wonrn in leadership and support to my
colkagues by helping them improve their metrics and quality of their calls.

 Indisplaying this leadership, my leadership is providing me the opportunity to be a part of more projects that come down the pipeline.

ee

10/2014 to 072016
Admissions Representative Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Conduct face-to-face or personal interviews, telephone interviews and e-muil correspondence to identify high school and adult student
prospects to determine their educational needs, concerns and interests.

CO aCe eRe TI NCO MMIC LP tE SLO iSe oleae

© Ensure compliance with applicable Company policies and procedures, laws and regulations,

CE ube cio Ona Ciceaeri a cncbins edna iucea mu nUNnc/ pom wes hance neler em

05/2014 to 10/2014

Recruiting Coordinator

03/2014 to 05/2014

Branch Coordinator Company Name 1 City , State

Conserve database for storage and retrieval ofassessrrents.

Participate and coordinate (where appropriate) job fairs sponsored by HTI and clients.

On site coordination of interview activity; run e-verifies, uphold payroll inforrmtion by colkcting, calculating, and entering data.

Seria hem OmeCl CR ENV) BrceM eC Aon Graal ceB Loan Herm OR Ulomtne Rai aticm

Resolve payroll discrepancies, maintain payroll operations by following policies and procedures and protect payroll operations by keeping
information confidential.

Compile interview packages for exempt and non-exempt; perform criminal background checks and other duties as required in support of
fiercest

Maintain and manage all front desk operations.

Track and monitor branch applicant flow.

Weekly data entry of all applications received.

Manage and direct all office traffic.

Answer and screen all incoming phone calls and transfer as needed.

Schedule weekly orientations from the candidate pool identified by recruiters.

Responsibke for overall maintenance of the filing systems and other duties as required.

er ee ee er

Education and Trainng

June 24, 2013

MBA : Business Finance Strayer University 14 City , State Business 4.0 Graduated with honors Finance

May 7, 2011

Bachelor of Arts : Communication concentration Mass Communication Fayetteville StateUniversity 1% City , State Communication concentration
Mass Communication 3.583 Graduated Magna Cum Laude *Dean's List

boners inositol)
