SES UE OBIS

Summary

An Human Resources Specialist with over 9 years in recruitment and federal employment processes. An energetic, imovative, out the box thinker
who isa self-starter with excellent analytical, organizational and project managerrent skills.A As an HR Recruiter who communicates and
collaborates effectively with all levels of personnclA I rely on excelkent interpersonal skils, outstanding customer service and a solid expertise in
TIM edna ee WS Reccen Le ceaanm bs aimctinranereRcieicl mre renter iaraneen Tresirert
management, HR Internship Program development and managerrent, Pathways, Presidential Managerrent Fellows, employee onboarding,
orientation, HR policies, regulations and legal compliance. “Demonstrated success in managing HR prograrrs, developing teambuilding prograns,
and writing standard operating procedures, hiring authorities and policies, job descriptions and managerrent reports.

alg

SRG ela mea a se

Strategic Recruitrent Planning

HR Policies & Procedures ¢ Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills
Staff Recruitment & Retention © Recruiting and selection techniques

HR ProgramProject Management © Proficient communicator

Orientation & Onboarding CE Eloneccccsnr ancy

Performance Management © Leadership Development

Did oualioe@ coesterisliied Cee Blouitcem scenes

Classification and Position Management ¢ A Social Media management and recruitment
Special Emphasis Programs

MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)

schivor anes
HR Specialist 12/2016 to Current Company Name City , State

Provide HR advisory services within the Office of Inspector General to mid-level and senior level managers.

© Serve as subject matter expert within the Talent and Acquisitions team regarding hiring authorities and flexibilities within Merit Staffing

Procedures and Delegated Examining.

Consult with HR managers and hiring officials regarding the use of Pathways Programs such as Intemships, Recent Graduates and
Presidential Management Fellows.

Provide knowledgeable and effective advisory services to managers and senior leaders related to topics of Staffing and Recruitrrent,
Classifications, Position Management, Schedule A, Special Emphasis Programs and Selective Placement Programs.

Participate im preparation and review of case files for 2016 Delegated Examining Audit.

* Review and determine ifcase files are prepared correctly based upon the policies and regulations that govem Delegated Examining

Biieet neces

Review and revise Position Description's (PD) to create job analysis and job announcements for open positions for open vacancy
announcement candidates.

Voluntarily led the development of Onboarding Programs for Supervisors, Training and Development, Leadership Developrrent, Social
Media Recruitment and New Employee Orientation programs within the Human Resource Management Division.

* Research issues or topics of various complexities to ensure accurate information is provided to team members and managers.

Lead and implement the development ofan agency wide hiring guide for managers that would provide managers with policy and guidance
compliant with OPM regulations and Merit Staffing Principks.

Serve as the agency's representative at the Executive Resource Committee meetings, which discusses the Departrent's best practices and
policies such as Senior Executive recruitment and hiring, Performance Management and Awards.

© Project Management-Colhborate with Senior HR Specialists and Managers to review and improve current HR related processes.
* Ability to take on kead roles when assigned HR projects which include but not limited to, researching various topics, evaluating best stand

practices, determining impact on established processes and achieving desired outcomes.

© Experience with developing presentations and briefings for peers and senior level managers.

Abke to present information orally and written in an organized and understandable format for various audiences.
Provides voice and data communications systems for small and mid-sized companies.

HR Specialist 09/2013 to 12/2016 Company Nar City , State

Marketing- Devised marketing and branding initiatives to increase agency advertisement and visibility among colleges and universities as,
"The Employer of Choice" for intemships and recent graduate programs.

Facilitate information sessions on various topics such as resume writing, internship programs, use of USAJobs.gov and interviewing skilb.
Devise recruitment strategies and develop tactical plans to complete recruitment projects.

Research, develop and manage recruiting and intemship programs.

Attend recruitment events to market and brand the agency among jobseekers.

July 2014 participated and delivered a presentation to the Recruitment Consortium at/for DCPAS on the topic of “Generational Differences
in the Workphce".

Attend recruitment events to market and brand the agency among jobseekers Program Management- Effectively and successfilly
implemented a non-paid intemship program for the agency, which will be available agency wide intemship FY-15.

* Successfillly established a non-paid intemship with the onboarding of (20+) participants into the inten program since 2014.

Create, develop and presented managers with briefings and presentations regarding the internship program.
