SR. HR CONSULTANT

Executive Profile

PUTO Ws Upc ON Lenin one eeca ten alr ad cote Kalec wong) teri e nested <4
business initiatives. Possess the ability to build and retain high performance teams by hiring, developing and PLS cept CCLOL Lae .N
resulis-orientedA Human Resources ProfessionalA with demonstrated ability to deliver mission-critical results,A roe an entrepreneurial attitude
offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team management skils.

o

SB sHancanicy
© Proficient in Microsoft Word Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook and Access) © Project Management
© Kronos Timekeeper © Leadership/Communication Skills
© Hyperion © Empbyee Rehtions
* PeopkSoft © Market research and analysis
Core Accomplishments

FU eMC OSe aL ae

© Initiated “Caught You Serving” program to recognize and highlight employees and departments who exceeded patient outcome goals and
provided exceptional customer service. This program resulted ina 33% improverrent in patient satisfaction scores over a Tuo raed
* Assisted Executive Team with aligning departments to reduce service redundancy and utilizng untapped resources to createA billable
aa ces
¢ Through job redesigning, reduced total compensation budget by $400k.

human Resources:

© Spearheaded newA healthcare provider A program which increased retention by 22%, with overall 93% retention rate.
©  Instituted monthly HR fik audit to ensure compliance and accuracy of approximately 575 FTE's and 63 subcontractors employee files.
¢ Reviewed and revised employee handbook to address redundant employee issues which resulted in 25% reduction in TWC chins.

Staff Development:

Launched well-received program of professional developrrent courses for all staff
Mentored and coached employees resulting ina 20% increase in productivity.
Developed compentency map per each job family to improve performance evaluation.
Reduced tumover by 15%,

Neate due ra Sma e BIBT LR Ck ke eniieiem

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Sr. HR Consultant 01/2014 to Current

Spearheaded Coach One Project , ees ina 50 % increase in revenue.

Accountabk forA attracting and retaining A including overall customer satisfaction.

eB ree article Choi US eK NUL CaF ACA aM

Generated new business through networking with local Chambers and business referral groups .

Increased profits by 60% in one year through restructure of business line.

RNiuaiul oped Reeit si AD Ns Looe gen ba ms unea ey ned angen Latt ane

Developed and directed strategy for launch of new product that landed Ist customer inA 60-90 days post-launch.

Company Name City , State Director of Hunn Resources 01/2013 to 06/2014

Adninistered policies relating to all phases of human resources activity.

ere D Jul bicela re Crimea aa. enti mUlaLr ee teeicd min cce oe laste PtreRarsnccd nee com cued comet |
icoueuneeeb Kee etsthem

Recruited, interviewed, and selected employees to fill vacant positions.

Planned and conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward the b's goal.

Maintained records of personnel transactions such as hires, promotions, transfers, performance reviews, terminations, and employee
statistics for government reporting,

ee eh eer NCe ECR ACL Tr Cn CEC eit Or os Nee ARUN Slo. V Mena oer )|
teks s

¢ Advised management in appropriate resolution of employee relations issues.

¢ Responded to inquiries regarding policies, procedures, and programs.

¢ Administered and maintained records of benefits programs such as life, health, dental and disability insurances, pension plans, vacation, sick
kave, kave of absence, and employee assistance.

etl cmos acre dance p noc Gee ercnci ster ae

© Prepared budget of human resources operations.

Prepared employee separation notices and related documentation, and conducted exit interviews.
