TERRITORY HR MANAGER
Executive Profile

Territory Human Resource Manager offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team managerment skils. High-energy,
results-oriented keader who ensures a fair, diverse, and engaged workforce.

Skill Highlights
© Hurmn Resources Leadership © Leadership/communication skills
¢ Employee Rehtions * Advising and navigating crucial conversations
© Certified Strategic Workforce Planner Pee oie awasonetuonais
Lae or) ice ald een CAN Ce ial)

¢ Performance Analysis, Coaching, Counselng © Legal Compliance
Leow coon snenanny

Passes ig leadsA all Human Resource/Employee RehationsA functions for a 14 state Territory, withA 250 stores, 25,000 Non-Exermpt
EmployeesA (peak), and 750 Exempt Employees.
Improved Employee engagementA for the TerritoryA ftom 77% in 2013 to 85% in 2016.

Significantly reduced risk, liability, andA loss to the companyA through business partnerships and A providing internal solutions to Employee
Rostoroesoncow 4
Lead the industry in lowest EEOC chargesA along with being the lowest Territory in the company.
Effectively trained and developed keaders at all levels to effectively navigate through difficult Employee Relations Issues.A Leads the
company in the highest training compliance.

Uroiecy en pocnorany
Mone Kerio Meum CUR Oke cand
Company Name 1" City , State

SOOPER E GSO Saranac eccnet a Teen OEE Cs cer ired ,

BOOS Ey Pea rc ecek Od mor oriitheckin cua cePecnlona eh redder Laney Brouluiegsaseaiineckon tea hlteicy

Counsels staffand management to consistently and efficiently apply policies to people-based issues in compliance with state/federal lw.
Plans, organizes and controk all human capital activitiesA for the territory and participates in the development ofA workforce plans,
succession plans, talent management, and strategic direction,

Advocates direct communication for allA employees and executives.A

Mitigates risk by addressingA associate concems internally.

Acts as a liason between departments/divisions, all levels of the line and staff management, HR, legal councel and outside service providers.
Oversees talent and recruiting to ensuring adherence to Company policies/procedures and state and federal guidelines, laws, and
reguhtions.

Monitors HR programs and provides training/coaching throughout the process to support divisions.

Impknents HR programs to support and meet business objectives.

Identifies trends and recommends actions to improve work environments based on business group workforce information.

Works with Corporate counsel in coordinating the company's egal responses related to all formal charges including but not limited to
FMLA, ADA,A FLSA, DEH, OSHA,A DOL, CFRA, CAPDL, DFEH, EEOC, and mediation. A A

© Navigates Associate relations and buikls partnerships through effective communication. AAAAAA
¢ Partners with Territory, Regional and District Leaders to develop and impkment strategies to support business and people initiatives.
Directs and guides Managers and Associates on issues related to morak, fiir treatment, diversity, company policies and procedures and

Pato ens Bin sl cencniclgucd for improving associate engagement, commitment and retention.

Identifies trends and recommends training programs. Serves as a subject matter expert.A A€<

Monitors HR programs and provides training/coaching throughout the process to support divisions.

Manages projects from concept to deliverables.

Manages direct reports, systems and projects to achieve unit goals in accordance with Company policies and practices,
Provides keadership by exhibiting influence and expertise, thus affecting the results of the operating area.

Creates an effective work environment by developing a common vision, setting clear objectives, teammvork, recognizing outstanding
avo uisnaceecBrisinchinecke sen taeniet tulest em

Develops staff through coaching, providing performance feedback, providing effective performance assessments. WN
Strong verbal and written communication skills to include presentation and facilitation. A A A

Develop and improve processes to ensure consistency, timeliness and fiscal responsibility. A A A A

Proficient in Microsoft Office, Power Point, Excel and Word

Store Manager Mar 2000 to Oct 2010
Company Name 1% City , State

* Manage a teamof4A Executives, 4 Assistants, 20 Supervisors, and 120 department Associates.A Volume: $24 million.A
© Create an effective work environment by developing a common vision, setting clear objectives, expecting teamwork, recognizing outstanding
