HR CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Excellent team player with legal background and abilities to interpret laws, procedures, policies and processes; Client-oriented, results-driven and
deadline-oriented with a high degree of initiative; Capable to undertake and resolve numerous and complex assignments with minimal supervision.
ONC rilisiamnea nomen iliicloMmincucoiemcaan ads d oP Cua Okey aome Ms ebr resi ec ceil Rate reenter benk ORéla icy
Comfortable working in a fast-paced and multicultural environment. Experienced in quantitative research and data analysis. Highly proficient in
Microsoft suite ( World, Excel, Power point) with working knowledge of the World bank group systems including People Soft 9.1, SAP and

Remedy.
Highlights
* HR policies and procedures expertise © ~People-oriented
© New employee orientations Cem Oleeaiircel
CMS iaviaicsiaincetne rena euerang
Accomplishments

-Recognized as the top performer of the Intake team:

*Successfilly handled 4258 incoming calls which represents 25% of the total incoming calls for the Fiscal year 2014 and 15% more of the average
10% incoming calls allocated to each Intake team

*Resolved approximmtely 80 emis inquiries on a weekly basis within an average of 1.4 days which is 30% kess than the 2 days Service level
Bluvecinena

schivor anes
01/2002
HR Customer Service Representative 11/2012 to Current Company Name

Respond to inquiries about HR policies and procedures from clients and their dependents via telephone, emis, fax and walk-ins.

Ensure that all queries are logged and tracked in Remedy database to promote quality assurance.

Liaise with related departments, to include HR Tears, Visa, Payroll, Accounting and Travel to deliver timely service.

Educate clients about the availability and usage of self-service options.

Contribute in issues identification for clusion into the knowledge base.

Research policies and procedures including departmental and federal agency guidelines to provide current and comprehensive responses.
Run and analyze daily reports to benchmark employee performance and compliance adhering to the 2 days Service Level Agreemnnt to
Gloaiten acca ce

Maintain tasks on track, and respond to deadlines and priorities.

Accomplishments: Recognized as the top performer of the Intake tear Successfully handked 4258 incoming calls which represents 25% of
the total incoming calls for the Fiscal year 2014 and 15% more of the average 10% incoming calls allocated to each Intake team

* Resolve approximately 80 emuils inquiries on a weekly basis within an average of 1.4 days.

Consultant Project Manager 09/2009 to 07/2012 Company Name

Wrote policy and procedures and completed other Department of Health licensing requirerents for credentialing,
Wrote all business related comespondence.

(Ov eorekeniokkarelcel agen oleate

Organized client record filing.

Updated and maintained clients records.

Held presentations about business opportunities in quest for expansion with very little supervision.

Prepared appointrent package including salary and fringe benefits, letter of intent, security and medical clearance processes.
[Oellecko so iaBileke Lou dim ome even ance OM seam eniieRCuiies les) LecLLeley

Prepared comprehensive and accurate materials for presentation.

Accomplishments: Obtained the agency home health care license to operate in Pennsylvania.

Designed marketing plan that increased clientele by 3% for this start-up venture.

Liaison Officer 07/2006 to 04/2009 Company Nanr City , State

Organized presentations with business partners regarding objectives to achieve.

Partnered with physicians to obtain prior authorizations for services.

Maintained and managed over 100 clients’ accounts.

Ran reports to evaluate employee productivity and benchmark case load increase rate froma quarter to another.

Liaised between clients, physicians, insurers and management to inquire about potential service improvement suggestions.
Communicated important service related information to clients and upper management.

Provided feedback to client to promote quality service.

Accomplishments: Created powerful information flow procedure to improve communication.

Developed a reliabk client health insurance database.

Education
