HR COORDINATOR

Summary

Applicant Screening, Background Checks, Benefits Administration, Compliance, Compensation, Drug Testing, EEO Inquiries, Employee
Rekttions, Event Planning, FullCycle Recruitrrent, Interviewing, Investigations, New Hire Orientation, Performance Evaluations, Reference
Checks, Policy & Procedure Administration, Training and Development, Worker's Compensation, Unemployment Chins.
Accomplishments

© Chir, Employee Diversity Council, Kindred Healthcare (2009-2010), Employee Satisfaction Survey Achievement (50% increase in Survey
scores within a year), Kindred Healthcare.

© Employee ofthe Month-2005 (Academic Counselor, University of Phoenix).

© Performance Achievement Award-1998-Account Executive, Xerox Corporation.

© Total Quality Managerent Training-1999, Xerox Document University.

schivor anes
Company Name January 2014 to Current HR Coordinator

Develops and coordinates a comprehensive employee recruitment, selection and placerrent program for all exceptional education teacher
vacancies and for the teacher vacancies at the Altemative School, Amclia Street, REAL School and Thirteen Acres.

Secks out, interviews, screens and recruits applicants to fill existing and future position vacancies.

Coordinates with the licensure associate to ensure applicants meet licensure qualifications.

Refers qualified teachers to administrators for interview.

Develops comprehensive recruiting partnerships with colleges, universities, associations and other school divisions.

Develops recruitment presentations for teacher applicants and conducts on-campus and job fairs orientations for potential applicants.
Ensures that all employment interviewers are trained and recruitment materials are accurate.

Ensures that all recruitment, selection and placement actions comply with Federal and State laws, school board polices and Richmond
Public Schools administrative procedures.

* Counsels employees to help resolve personnel related concems/issues and assists in the arbitration of grievances.

© Coordinates closely with the other human resources stafling coordinators to determine recruitment requirements and projections for future
position vacancies.

Bice Y SO meu ae conicarcawniinaia

evoke lvas cet iLeornciurcel

Company Name January 2011 to January 2014 Human Resources Consultant

Conduct investigation into employee relations comphints and mke recommendations on appropriate resolutions within agency policy and
Sey cece li gem

Provide advice and counsel to managers and employees in the resolution of employee-related questions, problems, and/or related

ae UETaIE Memes S Cup e NS etl

Manage the coverage of the Employee Relations Hotline and the Investigation Process.

Work closely with the Grievance Coordinator and collaborate on projects.

Establish and nnintain effective working relationships with other departments/agencies and external resources.

[Keo imicwl sec minana oeccce Ob ia heb oem see aarl le eee ea nemcc tite Let milan emcuscileltsimteek ic
ore\inenececaa tines

Updates and maintains data in HRIS applicant tracking database.

Participates in job fairs and participates on interview paneb.

Company Name January 2007 to January 2010 Human Resources Manager/Coordinator
lena El CG

Set up entire HR department for new start up hospital.

Recruited for Senior Executive level positions such as, CEO, CFO, Directors and Managers of departrrents.
Served on the Senior Leadership Committee with Doctors and departmental leaders.

Developed and administered an effective full cycle recruitment program

Keohane vice RP NEnee MIL Ree RCH Unee ne tce

Pre-screened applicants, coordinated interviews, accepted resumes/applications, negotiated and closed offers.
Facilitated the Employee of the Month Program.

Conducted new employee orientation and administered identification badges.

Monitored unemployment chims and appeals.

Developed and maintained affirmative action program

Maintained other records, reports, and logs to conform to EEO regulations.

Provided mandatory professional licensing verifications, background checks and drug testing.

Prepared, and maintained records and procedures for controlling HR budget and reporting personnel data.
Managed the process for separated employees.

See RIa GOW etelbrreehnumeteoveelinat Rina lnm lit olecivelte

Ensured compliance with federal, state employment laws and regulatory agencies.

Company Name January 2006 to January 2007 Human Resources Manager
