HR SPECIALIST/ HORIZONTAL ENGINEER
Professional Summary

Passionate HR Specialist with over 10 years! extensive experience in compkting reference checks, preliminary phone interviews, job advertisement
preparation, recruitment assistance and the like. Highly skilled in performing human resource and/or ckrical fimctions for personnel mutters
impacting business decisions. Extremely proficient in creating, managing and administering HR systervs, aligning policies and procedures with
compliance laws. Proven record of mintaining departirent's data integrity. Possess positive attitude, strong organizational skills and attention to
detail with accuracy.

alg

Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook,

Io atl a ella

Theories of Human Communication

Oren rte iter}

lots umaay ck Ole onced

Resolves Customer Problems

Detail-Oriented

Oral Communication and Writing Skills © Performance management strategies
Dare) ehecbioslteicy * Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works
Manager coaching and training SVlmaKgeasg

Payroll expertise © Multi-Tasking Ability

Works well in group setting ¢ Ability to Leam Quickly
Interpersonal Skills Staffing and recruiting Cee Bremueiananens

professional

Project management

Budget management

Sarno rataigted

Excellent time management

Proficient in MS Office

ean

Work History
HR Specialist’ Horizontal Engineer , 09/2007 to Current
Company Name

Carried out all recruitment processes including head-hunting, reaching potential candidates by telephone/ermail, applicants’ resume screening,
interviewing applicants, processed background checks, shortlisting, finalizing hiring and closing vacancies Carried out employee orientations
and processed new hire paperwork, ensuring compliance with company requirements on time.

Created, organized, updated and maintained personnel files and the HR database.

Managed and coordinated employee training and developrrent programs.

Communicated with management and executives for creation, refreshing and/or interpreting policy changes.

Provided administrative support for all HR fictions, including filing, copying, general correspondence and support/preparation for meetings,
trainings, orientations, executive travelling, etc.

Analyze the information on grade stakes and placing them Drive bulldozers, road graders and other heavy equipment to kvel earth Clear,
grub, strip, excavate, backfill, stockpile and push scraper with tractor crawler.

© Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improverrents.
* Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies.

AO a ae A Oe Oke raving
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Read customer order, work order, shipping order or requisition to determine items to be moved, gathered, or distributed or shipped.
Go- to person throughout site departments to answer questions and resolve issues associated with shipping processes.

Utilizing organizational and communication skills to train new hires on shipping operations and give progress reports to area supervisor.
Gathered information via SAP systemand checked for accurate data to give nightly reports to team as well as supervisors.

Lead/Report Specialist , 07/2014 to 01/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Performed financial data analysis and implemented improved reporting took.

Prepared presentations and developed project plans.

Automated manual data processes with help of macros.

Collected usefill information related to customers, suppliers and industry.

Transformed data into charts and graphs for easier analysis and interpretation.

Drafted proposals and created web analytics report.

Performance Review Excerpts Jocelyn works well with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or
