REGIONAL HR BUSINESS PARTNER

Hurmn Resources Professional

Executive Profile

Business-sawvy, results-driven, and solutions-oriented HR executive, offering 16-year career in human resources distinguished by commendable
performance in developing, spearheading, and maximizing performance of both individuals and teams. Known for driving change and championing
corporate values, vision, and mission. Articulate communicator, fully bilingual in English and Spanish, with proven ability to diffise highly charged
situations by quickly responding to human resources issues and providing executive-level support to both the management and staff. Demonstrated
success in orchestrating initiatives that address today's business challenges to attain revenue goals, contro! expenses, satisfy customers, and
attract/retain talent while achieving business and profitability objectives.

[Ov erGon earn)
CO tneaotsaean’ CF os esa ourcnnersk catered
* Benefits Administration ¢ Inffastructure Development
© Succession Phnning © Operations and Workflow Optimization
* Organizational Development © Conflict Resolution

Professional Experience

AU PAC @tavans

Regional HR Business Partner Company Nam - City , State

110-year old manufacturing company with an iconic brand. A Report to one of the 4 Regional Vice Presidents of the company. A Work with
regional business leaders in providing innovative HR solutions to make business strategies actionable. Provide progressive HR guidelines, while
ensuring that all HR programs are in accordance with the business needs, local labor laws and culture. Partnered with the Performance and
Growth, Total Rewards and Harley-Davidson University Centers of Excellence (COB), as well as with the executive managemnnt, in executing
agreed strategic plan in support of organizational programs. A. Effectively engage HR Generalists in the LA Region to establish HR strategies
designed to optimize human resources within their business areas.

© Analyzed the business’ talent needs and participate in establishing work unit plans and performance measures within the region.
Peritoneal sou ere herurego tan @unek ca Rinna pclecetiemunnocceces Om inecettiin on oim

© Successfillly led and implemented company HR processes within all regional offices such as performance management system, Global
Tuition Program, Gallup Engagement Surveys, Leadership Trainings, and Employee Purchase Plans resulting in 2nd highest company
engagement scores in 2012 and 2013. A

Achieved 100% hiring goals while maintaining the lowest recruiting cost of all regions.

Reorganized and aligned all market positions within the subsidiaries at a savings of $2.3M a year from the total SG & A budget.
Developed and implemented the company Immigration Policy whik changing to a new immigration process provider which reduced the
cea NL SERN eMac e Re Palermo Y

CO FAde em ce ezt7 8
HR Manager Company Nanw - City , State

Responsible for the development and implementation of comorate HR plans and policies in support of the business plan, while ensuring HR
LouloNE Ponto iaew Merce t needs eircom nar thedker yond cat inaranterctinem nova ices orm
as wellas overseeing disciplinary action and managing HR records.

© Conceived and developed a series of innovative HR programs, service and leadership initiatives, including comprehensive supervisory

training and performance-based incentive compensation programs.

Successfillly established and nnintained a strong finctional HR team through effective training, coaching, planning, and team buikding,

equal cce Bence eur Nceeco nicely dentinmerdcetauicee ticle mbenecs iver nual rareieueice Okla wb)

increase in premium from previous year and saving the company over $70K.

© Cited as the driving force behind a 35% reduction in payroll processing lability and for identifying over $300K payroll savings through
implementation ofan integrated ADP HRIS System.

¢ Recognized for achieving voluntary tumover rate of 3% and for introducing new employee orientation and individualized training, resulting in
97% satisfaction record.

© Led allsuccession planning initiatives, resulting in projected reduction of hiring expenses by approximately 30% over the next 5 years.

UT PAU ARO P2003)
Daas ha olccm Gur Neh ee ON MCA)

Inspired and retained a high-performing diverse workforce for the district, building upon the foundation of success as key member of the store
mmnagement team, Administered effective management and execution of leaming, career development, employment practices, recognition and
reward, stafling, performance management systems, and compliance programs, while fostering a positive associate relations environment.

* Conducted thorough employee investigations in alleged reported cases of sexual harassment, discrimination, criminal and policy violations
which resulted ina reduction of 35% employee lawsuits filed within the district.

© Pioncered all initiatives to monitor and manage all performance reviews for department supervisors and hourly associates, including rating,
Src e ar ADMD BSV ML acct coe nota
