DIRECTOR OF HR
Executive Profile

Anbitious Human Resources Generalist who creates strategic alliances with organization kaders to effectively align with and support key business
initiatives. Builds and retains high performance teams by hiring, developing and motivating skilled professionals.

Skill Highlights
* Customer-oriented

Professional Experience
Director of HR
RET gal RRR Gara clan ti cha OTM mECIT| Ce

Directly report to the CEO and VP of'a 65-year old real estate property management company.

Accountable for the day-to-day operations fimctions of HR, administration and technology with direct supervision of two staff members.
As an active member of the keadership team, accomplishments include: Create employee handbook and designed comprehensive annual
employee survey.

Research, analyze and select annual company health benefits.

Impkmented and trained employees on new payroll system

Additionally, designed and established training program for maintenance employees.

Conduct fill-cycle recruitment and on-boarding program.

Developed Wellness Program and established preventative health initiatives to reduce healthcare annual premiurs.

Create annual employee bonus program aligned with company goals and objectives.

Day-to-day project management and overall responsibility of office construction build-out and office move.

Selected general contractor, determined vendors, interacted with architects and negotiated contracts.

Vice President and Director of Human Resources and Administration
January 2006 to January 2013 Company Name i City , State

Reported directly to the Founder/CEO of this fast-growing, start-up Healthcare/IT Company established in 2000.

As a proven strategic business partner, was instrumental in growing the company from 45 employees located in eight (8) states to 215

ori e\ccd eerlat Rik yYArn crm grace coos

As the sok HR practitioner until 2011, responsible for all areas of human resources and administration progressing rapidly through a series
of promotions from HR/Office Manager in 2006, to Director of HR/Administration in 2008, to VP/HR & Administration in 2010.

© Asanactive member of the senior leadership team, designed, developed and implemented company-wide initiatives.
* Accomplishments included: Demonstrated talent acquisition and management.

Quickly built rapport, gained the trust and respect of managerrent whik successfilly coaching and mentoring all employees ona wide variety
of employee relations issues.

Over 45% of employee base has been with the company longer than four (4) years.

unusual in a start-up environment.

Created and developed monthly two-day on-boarding program reducing employee turnover fiom 28% to under10% annually.

Created and deployed annual employee and cultural surveys.

Delivered workforce analytics to the senior management and developed company-wide initiatives based upon results.

GetWellNetwork was chosen as a Winner of the 2012 Northem VA Technology Council (NVTC) Hot Ticket Awards category, “Hottest
Company Culture." Developed and upheld organizational policies and procedures relating to operational and human resources activities with
the creation of the on-line employee handbook, as well as created employee awards, bonus and stock option grant programs leading to
95+% in employee satisfaction with company culture, overall job satisfaction and employee engagement for the past 5 years.

Project lead and manager for the selection, implementation and training of custom payroll and kave tracking system, as well as the
recruitment and performance mangement software programs resulting in a substantial reduction in time and resources.

Created the original, "GetWellNetwork University’, a day-and-half corporate university training program for Account Managers.

© Demonstrated project management experience in office space planning and office construction build-out.

Norell ecBiardomeeniclucmyiiecttnd Red (tusrr asm cites

Business Manager
January 2001 to January 2006 Company Name i City , State

Amanagenent level role with overall responsbility of office operations for a 21-person hw fim

Day-to- day responsibilities included all aspects of Human Resources, Finance, Administration and IT.

Human Resources activities consisted of employee relations, compensation, benefits administration, payroll processing, and recruitment.
Financially, analyzed and produced annual and monthly management reports, as well as monthly financial statements, journal and general
etvemailinemiramelaneniie, cece

Additionally, managed accounts receivable and accounts payable transactions, reconciled petty cash, cash receipts and bank statements.

« Administration activities included: vendor contract, office and equipment lease negotiations, the purchase of office and legal supplies,

coordinated facilities and equipment maintenance and various vendor selections.
Accomplishments include: Project manager for the conversation and impkerentation of new computer system, software and equipment from
NOOR sie ceiee slats orcty
