HR PAYROLL/ ACCOUNTING REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Diverse experience in Accounting, Credit Union Financial Services, Retail Saks, Customer Service, Telemarketing, Food & Beverage,
Construction and Ironworks. Outstanding organizational ability with attention to detail, while balancing muttipke projects in fast-paced environments
with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Demonstrated ability to gain customer trust and provide exceptional service, eading to
increased repeat and referral business. Excellent leadership and motivational skils, with exceptional ability at problem solving and resolution.
renee

Branch Suite, N.A.D.A, Appro, Delta Docs,

COWW, and other intemal programs related 5 ‘i . .
Ura onl P Results-oriented, Self directed, Microsoft Office proficiency, Time management, Strong probkm

ten reas pai Res pees hal J SemST Coles ease niet ka dl ae Coun yiccan else)
Weta etoe ance momecelit evelopnent, Billing and coding
Workers’ compensation knowledge
Accomplishments
Finance Skills
* Originated new businessA through professional networking, loan reviews and marketing
* Created strategies to develop and expand existing customer saks, resulting in anA increase in annual sales.
Fea Lay 1 ky
PEO or eRe Hane UCI Lee RO TE oconuace NCTE On ecole Riaz ens ce

General Ledger Accounts

PU CLnLue Bodhi aeencp rans akes MN ON mem ese CCUM ccnp) Merona Ronnccep neh rR eectg
transactions.

Pe gocbecs breve ouanieuecuncenomliaub maniac acl amceneeer ee Cte

Pe NeSchd bcs Bnn mio cede lind cle cinerea eter scced

Experience
Company Name City , State HR Payroll Accounting Representative 11/2008 to 11/2011

Assisted in all payroll duties including but not limited to: accounting for all employee hours worked, time off requests, STD, kave of
absence, etc.

Worked quickly and efficiently, with minimal oversight, to accomplish assigned duties

een g eco Re mac enue Rist COON Med AACE Strange Real ed Nice) ce

A Ele ced ie Ete RUrrert el cneele cori Ott Se

eee CSU Cebu \yiuls ta scigool com ninaue ce b oulabo ees acareck Reon rtnginsReevenianel persed
Responded to employee inquiries regarding payroll and timekeeping,

Onboarded new employees in the time reporting and payroll systems.

Processed rehires, transfers, terminations, gamishments and withhokdings.

Accounts Payable i€«

ecserlccoR tc acere one Ronatcen tanec

ile konncu ci canone mecca topline lant omar rence branes
A celrccRanil xo dichcatencmrair ence tne proca nackte nce)

ee Tee B ute eibe boxe oueltcme noveannincnl weniteicelee Races icmeace nnd os) ap com

eR re orel adnan pe eeccec Rane omni) eck Nynetice

Opened and assigned new client accounts.

Coordinated approval processes ofall accounts payable invoices.

Balanced batch summary reports for verification and approval.

ere Renton meriecn Leds ar ces ucnre ve Rimi alneee

Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.

Company Name City , State Financial Relationship Specialist

* Provide professional and prompt financial services to all members and potential menbers ina sales and service culture, while continually
educating menbers on credit union products and services in relation to the members' needs.

Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications.

Processed sales referrals and promoted bank services and products, resulting inA branch sakes increase.

Open new menbers' accounts, CD's and IRA's.

Originate and complete member consumer loan applications and close loans that have originated outside the in-store branch.

Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.

Asserrbied in-store marketing displays.
