HR ASSOCIATE MOBILIZATION COORDINATOR
Summary
Professional with extensive experience in Human Resources in Oil & Gas Company. Want to be part ofan organization that allows me to utilize my
strongest skills to achieve the goals for the company, as well as my own personal goak.

Accomplishments

« MVP Award, Houston, 2009.

© Meeting Project Client set goal of mobilizations to Escravos GTL project year end 2008.

* Training Focus The basice of Expatriate and Foreign Nationla Taxation, Houston, 2007 Death Notification Trainng, KBR Employee
Assistance Program, Houston, 2008.

Skills

MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and powerpoint) SAP database, Applicant tracking system * Strong organizational and Adiminstrative skills *
Develop and impkment creative solutions with cost, efficiencey and deadlines. * Articulate and effective communicator and trainer * Committed
to achieving company and personal goals and high quality performance standards.

schivor anes

FAR eracans

Company Name i City , State

HR Generalist Mobilized high volume exployees overseas on short/long term in accompanied Amaccompanied status.

Point of contact form the beginning till the end of expats/Inpat assignment.

Directed and implemented hurmn resource policies and procedures and provided guidance to field human resources managers.
Created assignment offers compensation packages to include uplifts and base pay, per diemallocation, additional payments and benefits.
Directed employee to employce relations, policy development, training, recruitment, payroll and benefits administration.
Attended corporate planning meetings and assisted in re-writing international assginment policies and procedures.

Sit in interviewes and trained new employees.

Adninister the Good and Services review program twice a year.

Evaluated new hire documents and employee evaluations, and provided extensive training to staff members.

Prepared and presented training seminars to other HR professional

Assist employee issues with benefits, payroll, HR systems and Administrative issues.

Manage regions: Germany, Kuwait, Brazil, Australia, Italy, Mexico, China, Zambia, Angola.

01/2007 to 01/2009
HR Associate Mobilization Coordinator Company Name 1% City , State

Handkd unemployment and workers’ compensation chins, maintained personnel files, and updated the company's aflinmtive action plan.
Responded with sensitivity ina timely manner to employee problems and concems.

Presented company policies, procedures, philosophy, and benefits to new employees.

Attended corporate planning meetings and assisted in writing policies and procedures.

Asranged medical appointment, assignment paperwork, travel, hotel, car rental, temporary housing and tax briefings.

Prepared and processed personnel transfer paperwork.

Prepared and distributed correspondence to intemal and external candidates * Apply for entry and work visas.

Manage regions: Nigeria, Chad, Indonesia, Algeria, Canada, Qatar.

01/2005 to 01/2007
Administrative Specialist Administrative associate/ Tax assistant Company Name i City , State

© Managed the Tax Equalization Program for Expats and inpats.

PEA) cadre Sch alcmicrrodrireiienaccr Obie FM Mer Occ lm COceot CRU IRer ELUNE eet bticn eg
questions.

© Complete check request for reimbirsement of P&I on employees and IRS notices * Initiate move notices * Administer the Certificate of

Coverage program for expats on assignment.

Order office materials and supplies from varies vendors.

Compose and types collections letters and other corresoindence by emuil or certified mail.

Back up timesheet keeper and Web pan initiator.

Codes and process invoices and overhead financial numbers.

01/2003 to 01/2005
Administrative Associate

Provided administrative or secretarial support to a department.

AN cle cer ecko ) aeReiinceG Hc cer nen ecemeRvalinicin este meleeesl ecm

Supports general business operations by providing simply administrative support activities.

Compiled, copies, sorted and files records of office activities, business transactions and other activities.
collect and distribute department and employee's mail.

NYoahob nell aierslibemnacase)auce
