IPAS ASPEN

Summary

Highly motivated, and a dynamic Human Resources professional with diverse credentials secking a position with a growing organization to make a
Positive impact on company policies, and experience career growth. Accomplished human resources and administrative professional with over 3

Bos

experience. Attentive to detail, able to take initiative, prioritize multiple tasks and manage workload. Resourcefil team payer with a can-do

attitude. Results-driven with strong communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills while maintain the utmost confidentiality.
Highlights

Compensation knowledge
WSO rrenssti Co

AWAP proficiency

Oracle knowledge

Great communication skills
Great analytical skills *New Hire Training
Filing & Records Management
Spreadsheets/Reports

Office Management

lot sipumsiaaned
QuickBooks, Peachtree

New Hire paperwork

schivor anes
RU Cer @tacans
Company Name i City , State

Sourced, recruited for call center to all departments throughout the company.

Responsible for finding the right candidates and matching them to temporary or permanent job placement for the company.
Maintaining computer system by updating and entering data in BrassRing an responsible for complete on boarding and exit interview
paperwork.

Compiling reports and spreadsheets in order to keep track of drug test and background checks that are completed for on-boarding
eae

Complete initial phone interviews to evaluate applicants' qualifications.

Scheduling job interviews for fick managers after seeing that applicant meet the job requirements.

Adninister and manage scores tests given to applicants before making the job offer.

Help organize job fair and manage files for applicants that are not qualified.

Circle K -Naples, FL Provides convenient services to the community.

02/2011 to 10/2014
SIC tng

Maintained employee compensation, benefits, PTO, timecards and promotion opportunities.

Exphined and held trainings for new and existing employees on benefit programs and company rules and regulations.
Managed Background Checks from ordering paperwork to documenting results in the system.

Requested and completed spreadsheet for drug tests results.

Managed internal Human Resources records for two stores and oversaw all investigations and disciplinary actions.
[Oi lela ko soar Ae CR OLe

Managed and processed time card for payroll processing by manager in a timely mamer.

Processed new hire paperwork, completed on-boarding process and managed their records.

Involved in hiring process by coordinating job posting on the website, reviewing resumes, and performing telephone interviews and
idtavepecka Led cm

Further developed strong communication and customer service skills as result of working with clients.

CO Fedele Cone ese ce)
AR/AP Representative Company Name 1% City , State

Leading orthopedic medical device company Processed invoices and credit memos in accurate in timely manner.

Review documents for product retums and loaner fees.

Solveed incorrect billng, back up cash applications.

Made collection calls to clients periodically Lien, Waiver and NTO.

Processed invoice through payment cycle.

Insured that all venders are paid ina timely manner.

I eetepeirstueike aan son

Managed vendor/supplier relations; and oversaw the timely, accurate processing of invoices, purchase orders, expense reports, credit
PURO INO Sch UIT STU ClRcaTMLOtce

01/2004 to 01/2007
Office Assistant Company Name i City , State
