HR REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Experienced hurmn resources professional with working knowledge of'state and federal employment laws and regulations, dedicated to improving
employee satisfaction, management-employee relations, and working conditions through commitment, communication, confidentiality, and a sense
of urgency. Looking for a company to share my skills and knowledge with where I can grow as a HR professional.
Skills

© Onboarding

¢ Staffing and recruiting professional

© Payroll entry

Accomplishments
Managed Human Resources department for four months.

Developed monthly employee newskiter.

schivor anes

AUC eretaans

HR Representative Company Name 1% City , State

© Designed new commumication boards for cach value stream, working on special projects, recruiting for maintenance and interns, training
PCP ects

06/2013 to 09/2016
Hun Resources Supervisor/ Staffing Coordinator Human Resource Representative Company Name i City , State

Filed 11 Maintenance positions ranging fiom mechanic to supervisor in 3 months.

Shut down a 100 employee manufacturing plant in3 days and found 90% of those employees employment within the company in 60 days.
Reopened a 30 employee manufacturing plant in 30 days.

Facilitated benefit open enrollment for 700 employees.

Supervised performance of direct reports, conducting performance reviews, and performing other supervisory duties such as coaching,
[ichieemes eRe esi Lace WOE MCC UL CTCN

Recruited and hired qualified candidates following EEO and ADA hiring guidelines for exempt and non-exempt positions, utilizing available
resources appropriately.

Coordinated staffing and recruitrrent efforts for Gaylord and LeSueur locations.

Provided counseling and dispute resolution regarding employee issues to workers and management by consulting with supervisors and all
Paces istseaen ae

© Organized and conducted meetings with employees and management personnel regarding various topics, including benefits, employee
relations, workphce safety, and training programs.

Reported weekly staffing information to upper management through reports.

Audited and generated reports monthly and quarterly for Affirmative Action.

Worked as a resource for the managers and supervisors regarding company policies, benefits, and Affirmative Action.

Reviewed and authorized salary changes employees, calculating retroactive pay, entering changes in payroll system and ensuring changes are
being made in Kronos and Ult+Pro.

Acted as a lnison between Michael Foods, Inc.

and employment agencies.

Experienced with the Kronos system, Ult-Pro payroll system, and Ceridian system.

Reviewed employee records for completion and accuracy, which included reviewing performance evaluations, leave of absences,
absentecism, terminations, job descriptions, safety issues, insurance benefits, etc.

Authorized changes to employee records when necessary.

© Developed and maintained employee locker assignments, including coordinating repairs with maintenance department and cleaning

Ro ros( CR EC Palin mene g entice

Worked together with union at Chaska plant to resolve employee complaints and disputes.

© Served as a human resources advisor for Chaska plant when they were without a HR Manager.

10/2011 to 06/2013

Special Education Assistant Company Name iA City , State

06/2011 to 07/2011

I eee cee Biveno a Qube nL LOIS MEI HICcl

08/2010 to 05/2011

Quality Assurance Auditor, Assembler Company Nan i City , State
03/2007 to 04/2010

Dietary Manager Company Narre 1% City , State

¢ Demonstrated excellent customer service skills and trained employees in food safety/reguhtions.
© Supervised and managed 20 employee department in long-term care facility.
PEE EnieetE Rob Lornaackelerip accent ste eaRicsie
