HR ADMINISTRATOR
Summary

¢ Experience Recruiting Coordinator with 6+ years supporting various industries. Expert in managing background checks 60+ weekly.
Processing new hire paperwork; scan, upload and file in employees folders. Proficient in MS Excel - vLook up, Pivot tables, and MS
Office, as wellas, Taleo, SharePoint, PeopleSoft and Adobe Professional.

¢ Initiated and managed background checks for 45 campus locations.

¢ Tracked and processed 200+ background checks and job requisitions.

© Processed new hire paperwork.

¢ Scanned new hire paperwork into employees files electronically

CPCS site ieslined Mavmsiekoneecennegee gu albeey

Shannan

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

PAX oases

ADP Enterprise v5

ADP Sekct

SAP (System Application Product)

MS Excel (pivot tables, & VLookup)

MAS200

Tako

MS Outlook

MS Publisher

Adobe (Acrobat, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign)

PeopkSoft

SharePoint

Concur

Sara (a

Accomplishments

Maintained graduate award budget via MS Excel; stipend, tuition and fees
Experience

SMCs oy

February 2015 to Current Company Name i City , State

Provide administrative support to the Director of HR and Sr. Generalist.
Verify employment requests for present and former employees; Ev5 and SAP.
Mreecce nna Ov nGnaa stich neki ekeCN mum nein bts

Dow apciean el Penee Om Le Nie B AS CAR

Onboard new hire paperwork in ADP Ev5 and SAP; process I9 paperwork.
Arian baa ni tem

Manage monthly cobra payments using Excel spreadsheet.

Hurmn Resources Temp
Noverber 2014 to January 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Provided administrative support to the Sr. Director of HR, HR Assistant and Coordimator.

Managed background checks; physician, physician assistants and nurses in ADP Sekect and EP Staff Check.
Processed 19 documents; copy, scan and fil.

DONE cP cr ceo UO IPD Mm Dior emi Moana aa emule okey Eee necCMe (care (a ce
Assembled corporate handbook and benefit packages for new hires.

Recruiting Coordinator
June 2014 to Noverrber 2014 Company Name i City , State

Provided administrative support to the Director of HR and 3 Recruiters.

Uploaded and track new hire paperwork in Takeo; Applications, CV, Credentiab.

Maintained and update employee database report via MS Excel; ic. pivot tables, charts, viookup and filters
Scanned and upload documents in Applicant tracking system.

Perit acc
February 2014 to May 2014 Company Nanv 1% City , State

Provided efficient and professional administrative support to the Departrrent and Dean of Liberal Arts & Sciences
Prepared department communication, correspondence, and memos

Created awards certificate

Maintained graduate award budget via MS Excel; stipend, tuition and fees
