HR GENERALIST

BS

snersta
Young, dedicated and focused office administrative assistant who excels at prioritizing, competing multipke tasks simullancously and following

through to achieve project goals. Secking a role of increased responsibility and authority. SKILL HIGHLIGHTS Microsoft Office proficiency
Self-directed Excel spreadsheets Professional and mature Meticulous attention to detail Strong interpersonal skills Results-oriented Keen
understanding of grammar Strong problem solver Dedicated team player Executive presentation development Ability to maintain confidentiality
ACCOMPLISHMENTS Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-player attitude (Extra Mike
Award-2009, 201 1) Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols.

Experience

HR Generalist

April 2013 to October 2013 Company Name i City , State

Nosecbcrocn rp uole keen nmemat Once laces ii cim

Processed onboarding and new hire paperwork to ensure all employees were in company system for employment and payroll purposes,
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
RoE trea puenee taurus om kalicdcmtareenbransued Opealublecece onl ped ni <i

Supplied key cards and buikling access to employees and visitors.

WWhleatnacel kore awed uone nL bled

NEUE) cmos cern ane cee) Preeinmetnemenineinetesncsnned anal

Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.

Ol reaisce Bil MUNA recs eae hco men cem ice ice Tren

scanned documents.

Maintained up-to-date employee spreadsheet.

Lesley teens ePA CoS EE
June 2009 to August 2012 Company Name

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed themas appropriate.

Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.

WE naied engl en Rocolte enc mie neler tacsaCi ery

Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

Received and screened a high volume of intemal and external communications, including ermail and mail
Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors and clients needing to gain access to the building,
Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.

Maintained an up-to-date office contact chart.

Answered client questions regarding retirement and military buy-back options and resolved any issues.
Developed employee handbooks.

Processed retirements and military deposits.

Mentored, coached and trained team members to increase productivity.

Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvenents.

Ayes
August 2010 to December 2010 Company Name i City , State

ee ee |

FSIS CO ORCC ee coy omen esnaiiertne Bra yb Hoey

Maintained knowkdge of current menu items, gamishes, ingredients and preparation methods.

Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers ina timely, friendly mamer.

POO eae Leo ether bone Race ene bret eelic ee) oe

Promptly served all food courses and alcoholic beverages to guests.

Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested.

Effectively communicated with kitchen staffregarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests.
Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.

Managed closing duties, including restocking items and reconciliation of the cash drawer.

RY SEU ee Rhee ecpeciee Run ero nya cote

Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.

Poi oreeRoequues minarelaneBececaay oem

Feria Np Cou ceRoanen petra mem uuln ccna ood Orca onc EinDracarinecn i moccaus(ce Bur cM oneael ice
Nyiole cucmtne Bratch Wowie bn emee neice

Education
BACHELOR OF ARTS
PSYCHOLOGY : 12 2012 North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University 4 City , State , United States
