HR MANAGER/BUSINESS PARTNER,
Summary
A Human Resources Business Partner with extensive experience aligning HR strategy with business strategy for assigned business groups.
cits) secs ato e@eneniefy nna Mowat ieee sniceOnuiial lem Reue Ondo gins ML ana\UolaKaled’
Succession Panning Change Management Development
BS ania}

* Lominger KonvFerry Certifications: Talking Talent, Succession Architect, Voices 360 and

© Leadership Architect HRIS 4€“ Workday, PeopleSoft, Oracle, HR Workways / Taleo

© Excellent Written and Verbal Commumication Skills

© Selfmotivated, detail oriented, organized, customer focused

© Maintains high level of confidentiality

© Proficient with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook

© Talent management
I Mevihnarcbrisneyanenacicl ruc) ee cS
© Coaching
Enploynent law knowledge © Talent Acquisition
© Workforce planning
Enpbyee relations
Gina meena ieee RUC La eg
HRIS applications proficient
schivor anes
HR Manager/Business Partner

January 2000 to January 2014 Company Name i City , State

* Point ofcontact for multiple business groups of 400+ employees including various support groups Finance, Legal, IT, ete.) and other

PS Rech NC ECR ANNA enemy atc Lem tae ace
© Strategic Business Partner 4€“ Partnered with Vice Presidents, Directors, and other management on workforce planning, talent
management, change management, and building organizational capability.
Employee Relations - Responded to and facilitated the resolution of employee relations issues (ie.
performance concerns, investigations, terminations, and day to day questions).
Partnered with legal counsel as needed.
Talent Management - Provided coaching and feedback to managers and employees on talent management activities including performance
managenent, training and development, organizational capability assessment, strategy and planning.
Facilitated annual calibration, salary planning, and talent reviews.
Workforce Planning - Partnered with Talent Acquisition to drive recruitment strategies and processes including review and approval of
Fes ela LORE CEI Cs ra SECS #1
© Partnered with management on their staffing requirements, identified skill gaps, analyzed and communicated trends, and implemented
Fraton be mai balt eos
Designed, developed and executed HR plans within assigned business groups to support overall corporate and business unit direction.
Partnered and collaborated with other HR functions (ie.
Compensation, Talent Acquisition, HRIS, T&OD) to develop, implement, maintain and deliver, value added companywide service to both
mamgenent and employees.
* Change Management: Facilitated and managed organizational change such as reorganizations, leadership changes or reductions in force.
© Compliance: Assured client group compliance with legal requirements across diverse areas of human resources.

Senior Human Resources Generalist
January 1997 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State

Point of contact for client group of 400+ employees ina fast paced, high volume-manufacturing enviroment.

Strategic business partner with Vice President, Directors, and other managerrent.

Kept executive updated on areas such as morale issues, hiring needs, headcount, effective communication and management style, etc.
Talent Acquisition: Managed a work load of 50+ open requisitions at any given time (Exempt and Non-exempt positions) Employee
Relations: Handled employee relations’ issues for client groups (ie.

© performance, sexual harassment, violence, investigations, mediations, terminations and day to day questions).

© Benefits: Administered benefits and compensation and tracked leave of absences.

© Workers Compensation: Filed and monitored Workers' Compensation chims, and OSHA reporting.

Associate Hun Resources Representative
January 1992 to January 1997 Company Name 1% City , State

© Administered company benefit programs for 800 employees including Flexible Benefits, 401(k), and COBRA; maintained vendor relations;
prepared monthly insurance billings.
¢ Enployee relations: Responsible for employee relations issues for a client group of 100 employees.
