HR CLERK
Riterersag
Translates business vision into HR initiatives that improve performace, profitability, growth, and employee engagement. Developing, improving
and managing HR strategies in benefits and compensation, employee recruitment and development, ethics and corporate social responsbillty,
diversity, safety and security, and business strategy. Worked with continuous improvement programs in comection to development of Lean and
Saar Cae NEC

Sta Niehies
oo. © Workers Compensation
NE ceed) * General Ledger Accounting
. eas Tracking System CRB rea rteyecenend
© Onboarding ; ; , PE GeunbetcP ints ecrens
BOO UE ec canal ceauine cou vom eg aec bane cousin Rags
PRO sarcsuerntee Bs cpa tics . pea Se
© Performance Management © Business Strategy ~
Experience
OCT oes

UCC ce aoe aac ea RONMENT)

© Coordinate and oversea recruitment and orientation program support for other HR assigned special projects.
© Coordinates and support for hiring of temporary hourly employees.

01/2012 to 012015
P Xerces eR Goel OO Sta Nn LOL NASI!

© Coordinates, oversees, and performs a wide variety of administrative, secretarial, and program support activities.

¢ Serves as primary point of operational and administrative contact for intemal and external constituencies, offen on complex and confidential
hos

* Participates in the coordimation, supervision, and compktion of special projects and/or events.

CO duolcdsvenackaent hess Became e\y camueniete m

© HR duties inchided maintenance ofemployee records, recruitment, employee orientation and onboarding,

0122010 to 012012
Administrative Assistan/Bookkeeper Company Name 1% City , State

Oe ere coe Nim LA ETS G RIT o nes OM MELT E CCR Mem MTN CB No) Omen ADeMLaIktosT ED enCe

© Primary duties includes bookkeeping (A/R, A/P, and General Ledger) duties related to daily maintenance and financial period closure as
well as Human Resources support focusing on payroll administration, compensation and benefits administration responsbilities,

© HR duties included applicant tracking, employee records maintenance, benefits and compensation, payroll, and Workers Compensation
reporting,

01/2000 to 012010
Ckerical II Company Nanx i% City , State

© Provides high-level administrative support by conducting research, preparing statistical reports, handling information requests, and
performing clerical finctions such as preparing correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings.

¢ Provides HR administrative support including administration of timekeeping system, coordination of employee time-off scheduling,
maintenance of employee information and interpretation of policy regarding employee time-off

¢ Administrator to three databases (Labor, Skills and MRP Vacation Calendar).

¢ Provides administrative support for Continuous Improvement Program and Safety Programs.

01/1983 to 01/1999
Executive Secretary Company Name 1% City , State

© Provides bookkeeping and clerical support including monthly invoicing, correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and
¢ Provides support for Hun Resource fictional areas including tracking for Workers Compensation, developing employee handbook, and
Prshuabainea ob islars RUaN mente cae

Education

2015

SHRM Leaming System- SHRM Program covers the SHRM Body of Competency and Knowkdge (SHRM BoCK ) preparing for the SHRM-
CP/SHRM-SCP certification examinations. SHRM

v0)

Bachelor's Degree, BSM/HRM : Business Management & HR Managerrent University of Phoenix i City , State Program provides foundational
knowledge for Human Resources Generalists. Explores the five key HR fictions (staffing, compensation, benefits, training and development and
employee relations). Examined trends, usefill metrics, and applicable federal laws and kgal issues. Leamed how to apply metrics for each of the
