HR MANAGER
Summary

Hun Resources Professional with practical understanding of business needs. Areas of expertise include conflict management and employee
trainng. Highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. Directs projects that improve efficiency whik
meeting deadlines and budget requirements.

Highlights
OM shane baer ten © MS Office
Ci teliinestnemeCaesenaea Ci cxed ansiayromeraenenueenner llc)
* Recruiting * HRIS technologies
© Compensation/payroll CMs iaviaicslainceeemeonaeeerang
© Enployee relations © Human resources audits
PRB Zeneira braces iistilerane * HR policies and procedures expertise
© New hire orientation © Project management
Cy Coatieg elatu ating © Humnn resource hws knowledge
© Workers' compensation knowledge = * ~Appointment setting
Cee eer ab vic) © Database management
schivor anes

Company Name City, State HR Manager 01/2012 to 042015

Planned, directed, and coordinated human resource management activities to maximize the strategic use of human resources and maintained
fimctions such as workers compensation, recruitment, personnel policies, and regulatory compliance.

Key Results: New Hire Orientation, on-boarding activities and other HR fictions such as offer letters, HR metrics tracking and reporting,
Set up interview scheduling for candidates and interview team

Represented Company at all Unemployment and Worker Compensation hearings.

Monitored and implemented all Workers Compensation aspects such as, advising medical treatment, informing WC attomeys ofany
updates, and monitoring any medical restrictions.

Helped implement the States "Managed Care Program’ to help reduce costs for the company.

Verified and processed candidate background informtion.

Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants Provided current and prospective employees with information
about policies, job duties, working conditions, wages, and opportunities for promotion and employee benefits.

Performed staffing duties, including dealing with understaffing, refereeing disputes, firing employees, and administering disciplmary

Sey cece li gem

Company Name City , State HR Coordinator/Assistant 03/2011 to 11/2012

Provided a high level of support to the National Director and General Manager as wellas oversaw PGA TOUR golfand charity events at
EI Reiteremeor aber e een beicy

Responsible for tactical and strategic Human Resource department oversight, supporting all fimctions and employees.

Key Results: Managed drug screen and background processes.

Processed payroll and other related employee documentation.

Assisted in executing all marketing and promotional initiatives developed by Tournament Players Clubs and PGA TOUR Brand Teans
Coordinated travel logistics for intemal executives as well as interviewed candidates.

Managed budget reports and budgets, while providing weekly updates to the GM.

Wrote press releases and other PR documents for upcoming tournaments.

Maintained audits at all TPC venues to help stay in compliance with PGA TOUR standards.

Worked cohesively with all fimctional organizations (at all levels) to deliver expected results.

Company Name City , State HR Representative 02/2009 to 03/2011

Worked with senior managerrent to create and implement HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; and develop orientation, training
and incentive programs.

Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer HR budget; and handle HR workplace issues.

Provided high kevel support to senior executives.

Key Results: Implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new-
employee orientation.

Managed drug screen and background processes, as well as process and maintain immigration documentation and visa statuses Negotiated
salary offers sign-on bonuses/relocation packages annually at both the exempt and non-exempt evel

Coordinated travel logistics for intemal executives as well as interview candidates.

Managed budget reports for CEO, and provided weekly updates.

Provided support as needed.

Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA policy and benefits information.

I Hiise(CeceRen eciV AINE e sR Ger OR Me cc UECee ae beLeB ib nicay qunnceuecce ta lAiCB alc melee (eC RCelet scliNauC tice

Revised job descriptions across all levels and categories.
