HR DIRECTOR
Summary

© Over 20 years experience in recruiting,

© 15 plus years in Human Resources Executive Management,
* 5 years of HRIS development and maintenance

© 4 years working ina Healthcare Enviroment

Skills
© Recruiting © Benefit Administration
¢ FMLA/EEO/FLSAA — «Policy Developrent
¢ HRIS Development CMAN oe ed Bona en rane

Accomplishments

¢ Kansas Health Institute -Health Outcomes for the State of Kansas -1999 Memberships and Accolades: Project Management Institute

Member, SHRM, Chamber of Commerce, 1999 Friends University President's Honor Roll, 1997 Friends University Dean's Honor Roll,

Student Liaison for Friends University Topeka (member of Mother-To-Mother, member of the Topeka Advertising Federation, several

production pieces created nominated for ADDY Awards, received recognition for outstanding custorrer service assistance by the State of

Kansas Travel and Tourism Department. ASHHRA, KAHHR, ACM.

Additional Information: Leading Change -I have been instrumental in development and implementation of the Adjutant General's Retention

Research project, involving survey development and analyzing the results of the surveys to present to the Adjutant General to help retain the

qualified talent of the Departments.

© [have been tasked with working with the Federal Security Manager for the Joint Forces Headquarters in developing policies, procedures
and processes to ensure that all current and new State Employees have the appropriate security ckarances for the position held per the
Federal Government Requirements.

¢ Whik at LMIS, I lead the Job Vacancy Project and was able to produce results in ess time and man hours than in years before with staff

that were inexperienced in the SVC process and procedures.

T have been responsible to develop, plan and implement database programs, for the last three positions I have held.

These were designed to cultivate, involve, renew contact, and promote active and potential employees.

These databases were used for reporting FTE usage, budget management and tumover reports.

While working in the healtheare field, I took the initiative in creating a local website that was used to receive and respond to requests for

information and assistance in marketing and promoting the healthcare facility along with recruitment of potential employees.

© As Human Resource Coordinator in the healthcare field, I managed the front office personnel, reduced contract labor costs for nursing staff

and implemented a unique pay structure to increase PRN staff utilization.

I continually think "Outside-the-box" to create and develop strategies to resolve issues faced in my work environment.

© Inmy current position, I have met and exceeded all hiring goals for the firm.

* This resulted in our client increasing the business transferred to our location.

schivor anes
SEB cco mu PAC ROOM rane oes anced ON mmct(o

© Developed New Website for Agency, payroll processing changes, and implementation of new HRIS System

Oversaw the employment process taking the lead rok in clinician, physician and management team recruitment initiatives.

Developed, maintain and interpret HR policy. Authored the Employee Handbook. Provided coaching and support to management and

supervisors on performance mangement and other related issues.

© Maintained in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring
reguhtory compliance.

¢ Evaluated and recommend changes to the employee benefits plan. Oversaw day to day adininistration of benefits.A

SUG ccoto mt ePAU ORO LU PAU CRO or ent a Ne ite ed Oxi MMS

Develped Supervisory Education, SHRO Website, SHRO HRIS System and Automation of payroll processing,
Established and directed a comprehensive statewide human resource program for both chssified and unclassified State employees/positions
in the Adjutant Generals Department.
© Resolved nor-routine HR related issues associated as they arose; reviewed docurents and approved all hires and promotions; reviews and

approved, modified and/or disapproved wage/salary requests to hire individuals above the pre-established minimum chssified or unclassified

EA

A Reviewed any significant changes to position descriptions and determined if reclassification should be pursued; reviewed position

descriptions for new positions and determined the appropriate wage range based on comparable classified position (if they exist),

© Consulted with the TAG and both military and state manager/ supervisors in order to provide technical and common sense guidance on
properly addressing sensitive or complex employee and organizational issues; aided them in achieving their ever changing program goals and
provided innovative ideas for staffing,

¢ Served as the administration's management representative in labor negotiations with the local KAPE unit at the 190th Fire Department.

HR Manager/Sr. Recruiter 10/2003 to 06/2006 Company Name City , State
