SIO) ONCE

schivor anes

08/2017 to Current

HR GENERALIST Company Nan it4 City , State

* Recruited to help open new company sales team in TX and NC, guiding senior management on pay and.

compensation for contract positions.

Worked with senior leadership to create HR policies and procedures; recruit.

employees; updated HRIS system for tracking time and attendance, PTO benefits, and employee applicant log.

created training manual; conducted job evaluations and analysis for created pay ranges and competencies.

Impknented programs and policies in the areas of training and development, compensation structures, new- employee orientation.
Cut payroll expenses by 16% by implementing a time clock system and policy company-wide, and monitoring time and attendance.
Revised job descriptions and created competency checklists for 25 positions company-wide in three states.

Shadowed" and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position.

Lor Tir ce a

06/2015 to 05/2017
HR GENERALIST Company Name 14 City , State

¢ Partnered with employees and management to communicate carious HR policies, procedures, standards and.

* regultions.

Reviewed applications and paperwork/collected all necessary documents Answered multiple phone lines, greeted candidates Conducted
employment verification, reference checks, credit checks Screened resumes, scheduled and conducted interviews, composed
Congratultory Letters.

10/2013 to 05/2015
ON ee AO ak @un sctiveN clea LO\ ml

© Oversee daily operations of quaint catering company specialized in Mexican and Italian cuisine, unique beverages, and chocolate
(eoicahenstees

Manage all details related to the safe preparation, delivery, and setup of diverse food orders serving up to 100 guests.

Interface with clients to gather critical event details, eam of specific food preferences, and recommend appropriate menu ites and
Fearn bee

(Keech ohl Led ST RRO er UmAIKM CS NEMEC E OC LeRe) Seve Mae sie ciMmie tection) em

Sole preparer of food orders, operating smokers, grills, food warmers, and various other pieces of equipment.

Manage all bookkeeping, budgeting, and accounting.

Skillfilly armed and managed entire business startup.

Applied for all permits and licenses, established company brand and marketing materials, created menu and pricing, and implemented
advertising campaigns.

Established market-competitive price points while maintaining superior quality standards.

Led company in achieving 28% profit in first year.

Established and manage partnerships with food suppliers to acquire the freshest foods and ingredients on time to prepare orders.
Advertise business through print, digital, social media, and local radio stations, and through partnerships with local area businesses.
Earmed high rate of repeat and referral business and word-of-mouth promotion.

Palo escent bine ctnLa Ms RUE RIN e hAteLad ORs ta biebpaatceRer lista Mm Cems) emrtus Bee Guinea aa rs1Cy

01/2008 to 01/2010
era Acoma NCD ALONG

Oversaw daily kitchen operations, leading team of 10 in the safé preparation of guest food orders.

Operated pizaa.

ovens, grills, and industrial cleaners.

Kept kitchen area in pristine condition in line with safety regulations.

Managed.

po ienme a Cree NeRt as) Leon

eve ies B cel career ath ORurconumem cate ith en

PACCie esi arse

in overseeing front-of the-house operations, including the counting and balancing of drawers after each shift.

Successfillly aligned all team members--diverse personalities, work styles, and backgrounds--around shared goals, and led team in
providing customers with exceptional dining experiences.

* Trained employees on kitchen protocols; safe food handling, preparation, and storage; food portioning, plating, and presentation; cleaning of
grills, equipment, and surfaces; and how to count drawers, operate the POS system, and close the restaurant.

ee ere ese
Assistant Restaurant Manager Company Name 1 City , State

Assisted general manager and chef in overseeing daily operations, planning menus and daily specials, hiring and.
