SENIOR HR BUSINESS PARTNER

Summary

Hun Resources Professional with 8 years of experience in human resources and recruiting, Expertise in Employee Relations and Recruiting,
Highly driven to achieve company goal.

Highlights

SION ENS DO) OO OB EU NG Ig

Extensive background in HR Business Partner affairs, including experience in, staff developrrent, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits
and compensation, HR records management, HR policies development and legal compliance.

Demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, and writing policies, job descriptions and
management reports.

HR SKILLS

Sine hye wsug

FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC

HR Policies & Procedures *Staff Recruitment & Retention

Employee Relations

Benefits Administration *Orientation & On-Boarding

Training & Development

Organizational Development

MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)

schivor anes
Nato se h@rnsnccswiitad
PAUP RR ORG HaHa Gur SNe N CISL OS MECI HIG.

Organized the start up ofa new call center opened in September 2013.

Played a key role in recruiting, hiring, and onboarding over 1,000 employees during the startup of this new location.

Key Results: Administers human resources activities for assigned office, ensuring compliance with all relevant laws, regulations, policies, and
Sey cece li gem

Performa variety of professional level tasks in multiple fimctional areas of HR, including benefits, compensation, recruiting, professional
development, and employee relations.

Acts as a liaison between employees and headquarters.

Prepares Personnel Action Notices (PANs) and enters data into PeopleSoft.

Designs and runs queries and prepares various reports as requested by management.

EGS LACAN RU EAU Le mons SicMIbeeNa Hae ciCReE etal sem ene a Leow

Maintains current knowledge of relevant human resources procedures and practices, and relevant labor laws.

HR & Safety Manager
August 2010 to August 2013 Company Name it City , State

Currenlty operating as MarJac poultry one of the largest privately owned poultry companies in the US.

Promoted from within to HR/Safety Manager after demonstrating a strong work ethic.

Worked with senior managerent to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; and develop orientation, training, and incentive
ucts

Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer benefits enrollment and handle HR generalist workplce issues.
Key Results: Phyed a key role in reorganizing the Waynesboro complex and establishing sound HR principks.

Structured and managed programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new-
employee orientation.

Fostered a teammvork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.

Managed Workers compensation program for four locations.

Utilized preferred providers list and trained mamgers and associates on procedures to follow in case of injury.

Wrote trainings to cover issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA policy, attendance policy, and benefits
siefevennat hoe

Impkmented and organized 19 and everify procedures to ensure compliance with federal regulations.

Managed all locations compliance with Department Of Transportation regulations, OSHA regulations, Departrrent of Environmental Quality
compliance.

Conducted all pre-employment, post accident, and random drug screens.

Managed staffreductions.

Resolved all disciplmary actions for salary and hourly employees.

Seino sce g
August 2008 to August 2010 Company Name if City , State

Poultry processing plant employing 1,000 employees.

Responsibilities included a broad range of HR fimctions, including training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action
and managing HR records.

Key Results: Trained members of managerent on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducting workshops and one-on-one
