HR COORDINATOR
Summary
To obtain a Human Resources Generalist position that will fully utilize my extensive background and in HR, including experience in onboarding,
payroll, benefits and compensation, HR policies and training and development

Hurmn Resources Skills

Payroll A- Benefits Administration A- Employment Law A-A FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC A-A HR Policies & Procedures A-A Staffing &
RetentionA: Employee Relations A-A HR ProgranyProject Niele aa AA Orientation & On-Boarding A-A HRIS Technologies A-A Training
Cae OM cena yeaa

Professional Experience
HR Coordinator 12/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

© Process bi-weekly benefits deduction for payroll on time in Fidelity payroll system and answered employee's questions regarding timesheet,
PONCE Zt host era ww WN

Worked with senior-level management to create fair training and development policy. Administered training and educational assistance
program and application. Monitor educational reirbursement process. Provided training and development to corporate managersA

Key person in compkting and submitting form 1095 and 1094 for Affordable Care Act (ACA) reporting requirement. Researched,
attended webinars and kept open communication with vendor during the ACA compliance process. A A AA

Managed and administered Family Medical Leave (FMLA) and Disability (ADA) program, including keeping track of the status changes to
ensure both employee and company is in compliance. Administered Paid Time Off PTO) donation program for employees on FMLA. rN
AA

© Ensured fill compliance of worker's compensation. Managed, supervised, and reported all Worker's Compensation cases and follow up
with Worker's Comp vendor on each case until they close. Educated and advised employees on worker's comp. Trained manager on the
reporting process for any workplace-related injury cases. Performed OSHA survey and report.A A A A

Adninistered benefits for all benefit-cligble employees. Actively participated and involved with yearly benefits open enrolirent by
personally visiting employees on client's site to deliver new plan year’s benefits information, Sent out 401K notification to employees.A
Instrumental in the entire onboarding process. Conduct and present new hire orientation on a weekly basis. Sent out offer letter and
employment agreement Performed background check on corporate hires and advised HR Director on the results. Process E-verify for all
new hires. Addressed inquiries ftom employees and management regarding new-hire activity. Provide support to employees in-person, over
the phone, and through e-mails. Solved and assisted management in multiple employee-related issues. A A A A

Main person for managing and maintaining Flexible Spendmg Account (FSA) benefits including health, dependent care, transit, and parking
In charge of maintaining benefit enrollments on Kelly website. A A A A

eee OO Ie ELSLGuilictoet sain AP ecu CUS ctb anes anos ci ells Oise cea Reena
compliance training course to StL 500 employees and generating weekly training compktion report. A A AA

OV BsE copie) CRIBB o MOT ETLeCn ay Cd es POC Ep Dr incr sSeSt La uce OMe Sal ae ea Clo
Halogen. Assisted employees with technical issues using Halogen and how to fill out the review form A A A A

© Ensuring successfil implementation of new HRIS system, Del Tek by testing out multiple HR-related fimetions and compik HR forms and
documents for the DeF-Tek system A A A A

Reviewed federal, state, and local employment law to confirm and enforce company compliance. Ensure clear communication with benefits
and business vendors when there is a change.

HR/Payroll Coordinator 07/2015 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

© Specialize in payroltrehted task, issues, and wage compliance

© Maintain and process weekly payroll, manual checks, and commissions on ADP system for three dealership locations Process employment
verification requests

© Sct up new employees and terminations using Applicant One, ADP and Reynolds Update and verify I-9 forms

¢ Assist with worker's compensation Process wage gamishments and child supports Process onboarding documents

« Answer employee's questions on policy, payroll, benefits, and wage deductions.

Hun Resources Communications Executive 04/2012 to 02/2012 Company Name City

Organized monthly New Executives Orientation (Onboarding) Program

Interviewed employees, prepared speeches and write-ups for internal activities
Acres nim eR iene Rul Se aa co nemn cbr eran alam tere
Increased the edition of Resort Living newsletter frequency from bi-monthly to monthly
Assisted in organizing company's biggest internal annual event for 13,000 employees.

Hun Resources Executive Secretary 02/2011 to 04/2012 Company Name City

¢ Organized and managed Human Resources department's events and meetings
© Created and managed the Senior Vice President of HR and Legals calendar and meetings
© Prepared minutes for the department's monthly meeting

¢ Assisted in preparing department's Standard Operating Procedure manual

© Assisted with HR admin works as required Ordered and controlled the office supplies.
