HR BUSINESS PARTNER
Summary

Proactive Human Resources Business Partner guiding performance management, talent planning and benefits. Decisive with proven success
providing employce relations support and oversight for efficient operations. Extensive knowledge and experience developing code of business

conduct and ethics policies.
als
CMe Geom onic’ © Time management
Ca eolaiveciiia © Conflict mediation
* Organization and efficiency Ca arly
© Exemplary verbal and written communication * ~HR experience in Technology Field

Professional Experience
HR Business Partner | Company Name - City , State | 08/2020 - 01/2021

Sa

© Served as the primary point of contact for the HR departrent for each assigned network by providing direct assistance or connecting them
with the appropriate HR Specialist.

¢ Advised supervisors and management in performance management strategies and interventions, including reviews of disciplinary procedures

and actions and recommendations for separations of employment.

Assisted with formal and informal inquiriesand investigations in conjunction with external egal counsel as necessary.

Identified areas of opportunity for change initiatives that will positively influence assigned network performance and success.

Worked with assigned networks’ leadership to develop strategies and interventions for problems areas, such as tumover and compliance

with training, evaluations, and other employment related requirements.

© Assisted and advised network leadership on departmental structure and job creation and analysis, including editing of job descriptions and
Celeste oy slices ence) ea LCON

¢ Served as HR representative in cross-fimetional Agency projects and initiatives by connecting HR solutions with assigned networks’ needs
to ensure alignment with Agency values and strategic objectives.

* Ensured adequate staffing levels for assigned networks and develops strategies, in conjunction with the Recruitment and Hiring team, to
recruit qualified staff.

© Interpreted and exphined human resources policies, procedures, laws, standards, and/or employment regulations to employees and

PraeL CNM EKG uP CtB Leelee

Served as employee advocate by meeting with employees and addressing concems.

Collaborated with other HR Business Partner frequently to ensure alignment of practices across Agency and to share resources and ideas.

Reviewed and analyzed metrics and data; provides recommendations based on findings to executive management as needed.

Reported quarterly to the Human Resources Manager on key performance indicators, strategies and initiatives, employee relations actions

taken, and other items as assigned.

* Maintained current knowledge of human resources federal and state laws including Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO), ADA,
Affordable Care Act (ACA), Wage and Hour, Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA), USERRA, etc.

HR Consultant and TA Specialist ] Company Name - City , State | 02/2018 - 04/2020

Developed staffing strategies to fill vacancies and define position allocations.

Reviewed referral candidates and contacted qualified individuals to request applications.

Planned and executed recruitment events to bring in area candidates.

Etoile keseaiccluei eee em tlnce OReessas Oo iinemnieiuelraleite nna esccecninene

Impkmented employee engagement and development activities, presentations and training to maximize productivity and unite workforce.
Listened to clients' needs and assisted with identifying and securing appropriate services.

Hun Resources Consultant IV ] Company Nan - City , State | 05/2014 - 02/2018

Established measures to promote diversity and drive equal access to opportunity and advancerrent.

Facilitated strategies planning through effective partnerships with leaders.

Aided senior kadership during executive decision-making process, generating daily human resources reports on metrics and policies to

i reeerarcreResiua iene viceIhemirr sch lee tice

Advised kadership on HR-related issues, including vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment discrepancies.

Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on basis of merit and relevance
with job.

Ce ZesOreckorsurinceen ean bnvechellelob rebar Daacr cm eR eng sucmecantinee)/ bbe satlce ences etcm

© Liaised between employees and senior leadership to address inquiries, complete contract processing and foster problem resolution.

Principal Consultant | Company Nam - City , State | 05/2011 - 05/2014

Built a successful consulting business serving private and public sector businesses. Marketed business in Anchorage and Juneau, Alaska and
Phoenix, Arizona.

¢ Established excellent rapport and professional relationships with business leaders.
