GENERAL HR ASSISTANT/OFFICE ASSISTANT
Stn enstad
Effective communicator and team keader with excellent time management skills. Familiar with daily office operations and experienced in diffisng
Stafling issues to ensure all activities are completed in an expeditious manner. An independent worker. Effective organization, planning, oral and
Written communication skills, able to multi task and meet deadlines efficiently and accurately. Microsoft Office programs and other computerized
Les eR Cot
Sania

© New hire orientation © Inventory control

© Exceptional interpersoml skils ¢ Stafftraining

© Personnel records mintenance © Supervision and training

Accomplishments

© Promoted to Call Center Manager in 1 year.
¢ Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

¢ Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently compketed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.

Experience

Fuerst) Ly

to

February 2016

Cen NAN Hee O EE Leo Laci sh@ACOOEU Ol Cera nig

© Greet and screen patients, visitors, and staff, via telephone or in person, for the Medical Department and its related Programs, and answer
peeltiiyec

Rae von cxet sli acowned sr ccch ap coca setoncrn celal reo CRO ama Oro em rN CMU cis ora Kare RCT

© General clerical duties including photocopying, fx and mniling, maintains inventory of medical supplies and instruments and maintain

Seer eeBrae Roem ili Tny

oie ated rene OBES UBC iee Lecter ne Cra OnOne cb rsuinlickei eens recwlne monte

Handk requests for inforrmtion and data - Insurance authorizations, consult with insurance carriers to determine or obtain authorization for

medical consults.

© Resolve administrative problems and inquiries, prepare written responses to routine enquires.

© Prepare and modify documents including correspondence, reports, drafts, memos and emnik.

¢ Schedule and coordinate confidentiaVsensitive information, such as patient matters, to authorized persons.

cer amaliee)

to

April2010

Company Name City , State Customer Service Specialist/Call Center

¢ Gather and assembkes fiscal data and prepares various reports.

© Monitor the expenditure of fimds.

Re Neco) Wedo arsine Bcchem yO Seale Ruet Co

¢ Receive and responds to questions and comphints from the public.

¢ Recruit, tran, develop work schedules and guides staff Manage day-to-day activities of the Call Center in the absence of the manager.
PEO Mice aee CeCe OLN Onicleneke acre cerusiralteny

¢ Scheduk client appointments and maintained highly confidential information.

December 2005

to

December 2008

Company Name City , State Human Resources Assistant

Maintain organized job fiks for all positions with position docurentation, applicant data, and interview notes.
Put together new hire packets and new employee folders for HR departrent.

Draft correspondence including offer letters, resume acknowledgements, etc.

Process all new hire and termimation paperwork and workflows; including filing.

Serves as main point of contact for payroll related information.

Maintain the employee personnel and benefits files.

Prepare correspordience, ketters, memos, presentation material, other documents, spreadsheets.

(Xe chiaom nese sek Ole anc Uelice

Use computers to input, extract, query, and research data in personnel database systems, as well as performing office applications.
Evaluate applicants for basic compliance in regards to position specifications, scheduled.

interviews and physicals and performed background checks and new employee orientation.

Create employee surveys through Zarca Interactive software.
