HR ASSISTANT
Shennan
CMe asp anekosrastsy
* Enployce Relations
© Manager Coaching and training
Ce oneiiaisearans
¢ Employee Handbook development
CRS Tiinnegst ob cooaritcg onveyeccy oesil
© Off boarding

Accomplishments

© Organized HR Generalist effective at record maintenance and assuring compliance with goverment employment regulations at all times.
¢ Personabk HR Generalist versed in recruiting top employees to automotive companies and innovative start-ups.
¢ Experience with public speaking on college campuses to attract new talent.

Experience
SIMA eng
September 2015 to Current Company Name is City , State

Fp Loree meneuicacera peel amiicreneievenienepracsce ke aiicd

Conduct new employee orientatio to foster positive attitudes toward organizational objectives.

ICOM o Ua oles UB eam Noonan nso cu es}e) esta

Serve as a Ink between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and help resolve work-
irae Bevel) atic

Address inquires from employees and managerent regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues.
CO rlccE eG eipaiccRlb Roa ncar ang leucine etcccn

Advise top management on apropriate employee corrective actions.

Create and modify job discriptions within all departments.

Work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.

Work with HR advisors and HR representatives on establishing consistent hirmg practices,

Create and manage more than 100 confidential personnel records.

MEL o pe Ne recta OK Cad mento cet is Aty) buecsiinasmilleer eR NeL sp) secb ia enc sce

Suport 77 employees at all levels, including executive kadership.

Experience Specialist
Novenber 2011 to September 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

eer ed Reed ce RISEN cape on ue eneacilern Bias

Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer services representatives when needed.

Generated sakes inventory reports in Excel with data froma variety ofsources, maintainng a 100% accuracy rate.
Prepared and sold a broad range of customized merchandise to individuals and commercial accounts.

Resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology.

Ries Mian lortace Mi Karson untne beri vane okocnusticre nate

Conpilied weekly monetary reports and records for store managers.

Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multipk checkout stations.

Managed cash stock and inventory balances accurately.

eo OraUnlsinad
June 2002 to Jamary 2012 Company Name i City , State

Was promoted to store manager after 3 weeks as a clerk.

Managed a team of 7 professionals.

Reduced and controled expenses by developing an inventory controll process that was hier used in all local stores.
PoltcwacRoedl aledtconucaar acd pAUulnE ECS eric

Addressed customer inquires and resolved comphints.

Designed and implimented customer satisfaction metrics.

Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.

Reorganized the saks floor to meet company demands.

Directed and supervised employees engaged in sakes, nventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.
Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary.
Conpketed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.

Maintained daily records ofall transactions.

A coe eComat ip iaebecce hice ccib irate sem

Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service.

Addressed and corrected sales staff communication issues in a tactful and effective manner.
