HR SPECIALIST

Trp cnstay

Energetic Administrative Assistant with 30+ years experience in high-level executive support rokes. Organized and professional. Dedicated and
focused, who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Secking a rok of
fedintec Ruel Bioneers rinses COCR URC MmICHCRocalinettetuaralsrre| aes

bs iranian)
© Strong organizational, verbal and written communication skils.
: josoutagtiR ¢ Amalytical problem solving skils; ability to manage priorities and
¢ Administration / Office support Purchasing, Inventory (PO/PR) ae
¢ Accounting/HR: Payroll - Billng - Collection Sales Management

nna © Independent (self-learner).

© Real Estate / Leasing . " , 5
CO esr toner Miche Oronomiaey oc RE

certified innovative team player.

Proficient in Microsoft Words, Excel, AS400, Outlook.
Accomplishments
Developed and impkemmented a new procedure in accounting by creating a spreadsheet for open balances (collection) and follow through weekly.
Helped in the reduction of 30% in the cost of unpaid balances.
Siilae ane
HR Specialist
June 2014 to June 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Coordinated regular and temporary interviews for line management.
© Conducted reference check vetting on potential candidates.
e
°

Interacted with potential employees, notifying them on application status and necessary information to compkte application process.
Assisted various departmental finctions with payroll, employee relations and compensation files, filing confidential documents.

Leasing Agent
October 2012 to April 2014 Company Name i City , State

¢ Greeting fiture residents, answering all questions regarding easing, presenting modeks,.
¢ taking applications, following up with guests' walk-in, filing, taking work-orders,.
© payments (rent and fees).

PX eC HIN
September 2006 to October 2012 Company Name i City , State

Supported multiple level mnagement team members (Initiated, coordinated, and executed administrative support to Branch Managers).
¢ Assisted Engineers and Project Managers with proposak, technical reports, mvoicing clients, and collections.

Compiled information and created spreadsheets for supervisor review, development and implementation of department systems and
FcemadnineEe root (acm

Managed supervisors’ calendars and independently scheduled appointments.

Maintained training program, training lists and reported on anticipated participation levels.

Pkced calls to confirm registrations for training programs or to remind participants of event details.

Developed strategic and operational plan to improve the work flow by re-evaluating priorities, resulting in increasing efficiency to meet
deadlines when sending out documents.

© Demonstrated a high level of professionalism in dealing with confidential information.

Impkenented a new procedure in accounting by creating a spreadsheet for open balances (collection) and follow through weekly.

CRBs Gilccbuliedouraloko mi siniLceniae an slekes)anecm

er ry

e

J Srcnai mses aig Ocul RASCH Tg
August 2005 to September 2006 Company Name 14 City , State

Peirce Oke lanimene ei ocedheom nears ace
¢ Bookkeeping duties,
¢ Ability to maintain and process clients files.

Eo aoa eee ae eALi)
August 2004 to August 2005 Company Name 1% City , State
