HR CONSULTANT
Summary

Detail-oriented 25 years human resources professional who excels under tight deadlines, whik anticipating and averting potential problems by
proactively streamlming processes to find the perfect applicant.

Highlights
Cie es heGurlic Puro icrer Sep sCInMe Nccelimecwaccues ae) , Pi aera nT
* Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills i, ae nin ~
© Recruiting and selection techniques © Re baie SNe
© National Human Resources Association a ane veto eens
¥ ei eee , © Newhire orientation
i, ih seer i Ca lesalve oats
° Trak ae perpen © Exceptional interpersonal skills
eae ie ld © PeopkFluent/Tako expert
Accomplishments
be iTinsteB ecole cele
© Reduced employee tumover by 18%.
© Led the Staffing Planning Committee for years.
CEO rman beceniws uni aLccea at rcecenuice oe imdnatieriueinaitets sssyecmiecerh ones OM
© Impkmented a new hire training program for Branch operations specialists.
¢ Supervised HR interns and provided assistance in resume building, training and career path development.
© Designed a standard exit process and interview survey that was implemented permanently.Revamped the orientation process for all new

hires, which was implemented company-wide.
schivor anes
07/2015 to Current
HR Consultant Company Name 14 City , State
SSE @rtcom Oe icnintg
Consult fortune 500 companies in HR
Career consultant for potential applicants
Executive Recruiting for Banking Professionals

10/2014 to 05/2015
Director of Customer Strategies-Heart Walks Company Name 1% City , State

Recruited and interviewed applicants for Customer Strategies Team.

Directed and managed to maximize positive customer experience for all Heart Walks.
Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants.
Answered employee questions regarding Heart Walks and resolved any issues.

Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-
related problens.

Defined strategy and business plan for Heart Walks for the Southwest Affiliate including 6 states.
Executed integrated advertising campaign across multiple media channel.

TIplemented and evolved high-impact strategies to target new business opportunities and new markets.
Created the look and feel of the organization's online presence in social media forums.

06/2014 to 05/2015

Hun Resources-Recruiter Company Name 1 City , State

Recruited and interviewed 100-200 applicants per month.
