HR EXECUTIVE
Professional Summary
Forward-thinking HR Generalist highly effective at adapting to evolving market plans and the needs associated with company expansion.

alg

New employee orientations

[Xr ercsuoetusmaLelcl
Termination procedures

In-depth knowledge of HR Compliance
Project management

MS Office proficient

Knowledgeable in all HR Systems
Bosebenietiieg

Employee recruitment

Interpersonal Skills
eeeeMererunedte miele
Fast kamer

Flexbility

Work History
11/2012 to 09/2014
HR Executive Company Name a€“ City , State

Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.

Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.

Conducted employment verifications and investigations.

Built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy.

Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.

Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor managerrent, disability programs and health
benefits.

SEHK cceete ep ieee et ae o) enyecw ecu eoes com

Conducted job analysis and job evaluations, resulting in quality job specifications.

Developed innovative new-employee orientation programs, including safety training,

Updated key human resource metrics, including tumover and terminations, using reporting tools on the HRMS database.
Shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position.

Education

yA)

MBA: Hurmn Resource
Crescent Business School - City , State

Emphasis in Human Resources

Whvemubsyaartc)

Ina study of Professional in Human Resources certificate (HR)
Olemivalber icine esate i enmcariesty

8.6 GPA

SiR eL eevee Geri etiomce aad
Lady Sivaswami girls Higher Secondary School - City , State

2010

7.1 AGPA

B.E: Computer Science Engineering
Lord Venkateshwaraa Engineering College - City , State
Accomplishments

Organization Design & Development Project Management Compensation Management Intemational Human Resource Management
Managerial Behavior & Effectiveness System Analysis & Design Industrial Project Ashok Leyland (Indian automobile manufacturing
company) Mar 12 - Apr 12 (2 Months) Developed a HR Metrics including a Drill to Detail option, allowing users to see the peopk behind
the numbers." Integrated trends requiring intervention and facilitated for intemal benchmarking Incorporated the aspects of Training &
Developrent, Reward System, Benefits, Motivation, Corporate Social Responsibility & Safety for developing the balance score card The
metric and scorecard was put into use in the Ennore plant since May & the same was highly appreciated by the plants core team Ashok
Leyland (lndian automobile manufacturing company) Feb'12 - Mar 12 (1 Month) Completed a Project on "Organizational Climate" in
Whe aboysrecgusecicee Lec Olin ena

Prepared & conducted a survey with the corporate office employees on the Environment, Managerrent Effectiveness, Involverent,
Rewards and recognition & Commitment aspects Proposed solutions for the aspects where we were lacking behind than the internal
benchmarked value Experience (I year 10 months) Dr.Kamakshi Memorial Hospital Pvt Ltd Nov 12 - Sep'l4 Working in the core quality
