SSN OVUM

Professional Summary

9 years of experience in Human Resources, benefit administration, employees relations, recruitment and on-boarding, training and development,
payroll administration (11 years' experience), customer relations (18 years’ experience), and retail management (9 years' experience). I have
developed workphice policies and procedures as well as implementation and training on these policies and procedures. I have developed training
programs on a variety of different topics, from recruitment and on-boarding to sexual harassment. I have demonstrated skills in solving problems,
kading tears and managing staff. Proficient in payroll administration policies and procedures, able to analyze, interpret and implement relevant
laws and regulations. Strong work ethic, ability to forge working relationships and foster a level of trust among employees while maintaining
neutrality and confidentiality within the workplace. Able to manage office workload, prepare correspondence, maintain records and coordinate
events. I have excellent interpersonal and verbal communication skills, and I amable to kad change and build trust.

Core Qualifications

Benefits Administration (10+ years), Employee Relations (10+ years), Human Resources (9 years), Payroll

9 years), Training & Development (10+ years), Recruitment (5 years)

LINKS

http//beknown.comrkelly-sinard https//Awww.linkedin.conypub/kelly-simard/2b/523/3 Intermediate knowledge of most Microsoft office
programs, Word, Outlook, Excel and Powerpoint, Prezi, Tabkau.

Knowledge of various different payroll programs, Core, Core Advanced, Paychoice, Paychoice Online, Encore, and Encore Online, ADI
Time, Ultipro

Ore oR ces LAo ime eee se Oale wom soem GL annem recccsnie ec

schivor anes
11/2015 to Current
SEC crore Gen ectivaN ct eR yer mee

Provides Human Resources support for various locations.

© Produces new hire and termination packages, processes new hires, terminations and employee changes on HRIS.

Manages plant Hun Resources personnel in both Union and Non-union Environments in the US, Canada and Mexico relating to payroll,
benefits and employee issues.

Acts as linison between plant Human Resources personnel and benefit vendors for employee benefit issues.

Responsible for processing employce short term disability, FMLA, and Workers Comp.

otis

This includes: processing weekly reports to all plants, assisting employees/plants with the filing process, monitoring chims, monitoring
employee benefits while out on leave, processing long-term chins.

Responsible for the recruiting process for new hires.

Responsible for job ads/postings, candidate selection, interviewing, and processing of job oflérs and new hires.

Enters data to HRIS for new hires, terminations, benefits, and other employee changes, and onto benefit vendor systems as needed.
Backup or assist with processing various bi-weekly payrolls and provide guidance regarding payroll issues.

Maintains annual Random Drug Screening Program

Performs background checks and MVR's on applicable personnel.

Adninisters Employee Recognition Programs.

Prepares monthly and/or quarterly Headcount and Tumover reports.

Responsible for the the annual Open Enrollment process.

Responsible for invoicing of HR related Vendors.

Performs other Human Resource Generalist duties and projects as directed by managerrent.

09/2014 to 06/2015
SEC crore Gen ectivaN ct eR yer mee

Provide day-to-day human resources support for approximately 150 employees in Massachusetts, 15 remotely in various states and 6 in
Canada Answer employee questions regarding benefits and other workplace issues Coordinate fill cycle of Recruiting process including:
responds to employment inquires, coordinates postings and advertising of positions, screens resumes, conducts phone screens schedules
and coordinates interviews, checks references, nukes offers and assists in the on-boarding of new employees.

Run weekly and ser#- monthly payrolls Design and conduct company training programs including HR related systems, Leadership
Developrrent and Manager training.

Monitors and reports effectiveness on employees during orientation period and for career development.

Adninister and track all eave programs for company including FMLA, STD and LTD.

Help develop and administer Company personnel policies Work with management on a variety of issues concerning employee separations,
disciplinary actions, and other organizational transactions Administer employee benefit programs and manage annual open enrolment
process Prepare annual Affirmative Action plan and ensure compliance with OFCCP federal contractor obligations.

03/2012 to 09/2014
Client Care Payroll Specialist Company Name it City , State

Provide a range of customer services to client and staff to support payroll reporting.
Respond to client requests and provide informtion pertaining to HR policies and procedures, additional products and services, taxation and
payroll inquiries.
