HR PROFESSIONAL
Summary

Dependable Self-motivated and assertive Human Resources Professional with innovative solutions and personal accountability who incorporates
quality decision making to facilitate success and who promotes a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successfil staff.

alg

© StaffRecruitment & Retention
Employee Relations, retirement
Payroll, health and welfare

HR ProgramProject Management
Orientation & on-boarding
Training & Development
Performance Management
oven elcome celiac

HR Policies & Procedures
Organizational Development

[Ov erGon earn)

© Extensive people's skill and outstanding communicating skills to drive effectiveness.

¢ Concrete skill trained in HR in the capacity of HR assistant for 3 years and more than 12 years hands-on experience in customer and
irae esaa ae

© Experience in the administration of benefits and compensation programs and other Human Resources programs.

© Quickly kam procedures and methods, with exceptional organizational skils.

© Evidence of the practice ofa high evel of confidentiality and trustworthiness.

* Proven experienced team player bringing enthusiasm and energy into group efforts.

schivor anes
HR Professional 04/2013 to 06/2014 Company Nar City , State

Respond to and resolve issues or questions raised by employees or kaders regarding benefits, payroll, HR policies/procedures, general

transactions or other HR-related activities. Utilizes in-bound phone queue, e-mail, and face to face to receive inquiries as well as provide
resolution. Provide accurate information and counsel to employees and/or people Ieaders on their questions and issues, escalating when

Eyer erseyale- om

© Actas the first point of contact for employee/manager questions - Confinmation of employments with various external agencies and linise
A Tse iste Beclas mes | acm

© Trainer for new employees and new procedures.

© Handks highly sensitive and confidential informtion ona daily basis, an acts as a laison between custorrer and 2nd level support.

° Assist employees with all matters regarding leaves, including short-term disability and long term disability, and assist employees with
questions and concems regarding, work enviroment, problems with management, leave of absence, resignations etc.

© Thoroughly document and record all inquiries and resolutions within the information tracking database to ensure the recording of compkte

information for future reference and archival purposes.

Document escalation issues including party to whom matter was escalated.

Begin applying troubleshooting techniques to issues that are more complex in mature; determine when escalation to a team leader or

specialist is appropriate to the situation.

Process HR and/or payroll transactions in the HR Managerrent System (HRMS)

Validate accuracy ofall transactions, particularly those affecting employee level, pay or benefits.

© Receive and make telephone calls to respond to, and resolve customer inquiries and concerns.

HR Assistant 07/2011 to 05/2013 Company Name City , State

Liyanage & Co, Trained under and worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; create group
benefits databases; and develop orientation, training and incentive programs. Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records;
administer benefits enrollment and programs; administer HR budget; and handle HR assistant workplace issues.

Enployee recruiting strategy

Developed and enforced company policy and procedures

Developed company personnel policies

Facilitated the criminal background check

Managed the employee rewards programs, Surveys and research.

Updated key human resource metrics, including tumover and terminations, using reporting tools on the HRMS database
