HR GENERALIST

alg

Microsoft Office Suite, SAP, Kronos, IBM, ADP, ATS, MSS, HRSS, and Orack, Workbrain, T
schivor anes

SURG cre abn es emer enscid

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Provides strategic HR counsel by driving the company’s HR practices.

Evaluates the current HR practices and makes recommendations for best in class solutions for conternporary HR issues.
Partners with Plant HR Manager Partner for disability processing, relocation coordination, HR requisition and PAF process, nnintaining
employee files and performance plan tracking and record keeping.

Client Manager for Security and Cintas.

Executed labour and employee rehtions activities that drive productivity and efficiency.

Provide labor relations and grievance counsel throughout the plant.

Execute talent management processes including; recruiting & staffing,.

Partner with regional health and safety manager to improve safety performance and reduce workers compensation costs.
Provide performance management, employee development, training and succession planning.

Adninisters employee benefit and compensation programs and other company initiatives as required.

Pitre rcebtreRerealveran cece Mrstlncaecinl etek oman eLewcesnaserueniienetsineGtrsie <em

Super User for the plant's HRIS system

Generated enthusiastic, above goal participation in an employee engagement committee.

Sr. Administrative Assistant Jan 2012 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City , State

Create highly efléctive organizational and filmg systems, including quick and thorough indexing, filing and offSite storage, resulting in easy
access to critical information and streamline office fimetioning.

Conduct extensive intemet research on competitors and potential acquisitions, reporting findings to the facility manager.

Perform administrative management finctions applicable to the assigned unit, e.g, payroll processing, data entry, sick pay recording, budget
support, verification, reconciliation of fimds/accounts, maintenance of office, new hire orientation, training and inventory supplies.

Perform research involving independent judgment and initiative for the purpose of resolving or addressing operational matters.

Process various correspondence and forms that my be of'a confidential or sensitive nature.

Ficlets) arinm meee atta lc ce Oe hecunecm Gan auomD WOM Reeilic la, acce

Attend meetings and special events on behalf of the manager to obtain and relay information, or to serve as a spokesperson on behalf of the
Dynan

Created and implemented a PM program for the facility.

Reorganized administrative procedures, shortening process time by 30%.

Researched and set up a voice muil answering system

Result: Saves time for both the receptionist and the customers.

Created, organized, and set up an information center for manuals and schematics.

Result: Better access to needed information, and less time searching for it.

Improved customer service indicators by 100% plus in 120 days.

Hun Resource Representative Jan 2010 to Jan 2012
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Served as the first point of contact for the HR department by answering all HR questions on first call

Service escalations/critical service issues.

Maintained tracking of significant account issues.

Processed terminations, new hires, manual checks, benefits and LOA via phone/ermil/fax.

Maintained knowledge of legal requirements and government reporting regulations aflécting human resources fictions.

Rewarded for reducing Benefits Program costs by 25% which resulted in improved customer experiences.

Received the employee of the month award 6 times in one year.

Received 100% compliance scores in auditing processes and ensuring compliance with HR provisions and federal, state and local laws and
reguhtions.

OU ccm ote bece ROR eat NMC aBeemecm lars] Ben aa RY ROUBLE RSC Noe

IS iTarau exe hme atteninciin Om Cun UMM MAU RE
Company Name i City , State

Ensured effective communication by responding to employee requests for information and interpreting company policies.

Impkmented an employee recognition program that included performance and morale incentives.

Developed and implemented a system for auditing and revising the employee records base.

Remained current on all legal regulations related to human resources.

Performed tasks such as entering applications, setting up fis on new personnel, photographing for badges, obtaining employee numbers for
new employees and recording changes on all employee status changes as necessary (change of address, departrrental transfers, rate
