HR GENERALIST

Si

Tend 7
Energetic, Bilingual Human Resources Professional offeringA ~11 years of extensive and successfil experience administering various HR plans and

procedures. Emphasis on recruitment/retention, management and HR principles & practices. Expertise in employee relations and organization
development through education, and experience, seeks a similar role to produce immediate growth contribution to a rewarding company.
Highlights

© Hiring and retention ry .

© Training and development i" Haan rend

CEA sorcsiteetuesuaoralicl . pa are

© New hire orientation es ai mene

SION rer Een sicbluety 0.0 poate ee eres

schivor anes
Company Name City, State HR Generalist 12/2014 to Current

Develops Human Resources policies, procedures, plans and budgets.

The safety of the workforce for recruitment, development and compensation ofa superior workforce.

Develops an employee-oriented culture that emphasizes quality, continuous improvement and high performance.

Conduct new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.

Serve as a Ink between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve
work-related problens.

Serve on the executive management team and assists and advises company managers about Human Resources issues with regards to
compensation, benefits, compliance, organizational development, HRIS, training & development and employee relations.

Review and provide comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.

Create and implement the exit and interview program process.

Run the bi-weekly payroll process.

Increase the employee base by 15 % to meet changing stafling needs.

Company Name City , State HR Generalist 02/2013 to 12/2014

Adninistered various HR plans and procedures for all company personnel; assist in development and impkerrentation of personnel policies
and procedures; Ensure employee compliance.

Conducted recruitrrent efforts for all exempt and non-exempt personnel for shop and office which including temporary employees for each.
Assisted in evaluation of reports, decisions, and results of department in relation to established goals.

Recommend new approaches, policies, and procedures to effect continual improverrents in efficiency of departrent and services
performed.

Conducted employment verifications and investigations.

Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.

Educateed and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirerrent plans.

Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.

Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.

Facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires.

Managed the employee offer process with 100% at the exempt level.

Processed unemployment chins and acted as the company representative at unemployment hearings.

Company Name City , State Human Resource Manager 10/2008 to 01/2013

Developed, impkmented and coordinated policies and procedures for all Human Resources fictions such as recruiting, wage/salary
administration and health programs.

Directed employee performance management program

Promoted the opportunity for a formal discussion by employees and their supervisors to review overall work performance, objectives, and
career development.

Partnered with management team members on issues involving employee relations such as terminations, suspensions, EEOC claims and rule
pielCay set oem

Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirerrent plans.

Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.

Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.

Conducted employment verifications and investigations.

Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.

Facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires.

Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor managerrent, disability programs and health
benefits.

Acted as linison between employees and insurance carriers to resolve problems and chrify benefits.

Processed unemployment chins and acted as the company representative at unemployment hearings.
