SOM yan

Summary

Highly driven Recruiter who maintains a positive attitude under pressure and welcomes the challenge and responsibility of producing results quickly
someone

Accomplishments

Devised a successful recruiting plan for theA engineering team at Magnasoft, which resulted nA 122A new employees in six months.

Aug oanan at acs

HR Inter Feb 2016 to Current

lena El CG

CC crer bouncer eee oalckeminienivpeciilr ames MM cuneein Reon camtEibealcmasneaa eau eiircataa iituy
* Sourced the candidates through internal Applicant Tracking System

© Track key dates and deadlines and maintained specific personnel lists.
CRs Qestiesrecilenoe olor ehocaaniinciaetannd cy

© Screen all applicants based on their qualifications and background.

© Hiring employees and initiated the new hire paperwork process.

© Researched and prepared a new termination of employment policy.
Hurmn Resources Assistant Feb 2016 to Current

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Create job descriptions for new openings.

CREW Eleeckor soniecmilonera bees ca etce

© Gathered personnel records from all employees fiom each department.

© Conducted job analysis and job evaluations, resulting in quality job specifications.

Freelancer Jan 2015 to Jan 2016
lena El CG

© Imoved to the US n 2015.
* Twas waiting to obtain the necessary employment authorization and permanent residency.
¢ Tamnow a permunent resident of the United States of America.

Recruiter Jan 2011 to Jan 2015
Company Name i City

© Managed end-to-end recruitment (sourcing, screening, reference checks, negotiation and offer generation).

* Sourced and updated candidates through Applicant Tracking System

Executed rapid talent acquisition strategies e.g, ina span of 6 months, I recruited 122 employees to grow an engineering team from 8 to
130 employees.

Hired C-level candidates by engaging passive candidates.

Managed relationships with staffing agencies.

Researched new sources of recruitrrent and market intelligence.

Pi lverees Lote soumiurge ace Oe Kenai bet sce

Developed salary proposals for new recruits.

Partnered with local organizations and universities for engagement and interest in jobs offered in their community.
Developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs.

Promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews.

Networked with industry contacts, association memberships and associates.

Promoted from recruiter to senior recruiter since 04/2013.

brairestbeny

Hummn Resources Business Partner, Employee Relations, Workforce planning and Analytics, Training and Development , Human Resources
Managerent Present University of Washington is State Human Resources Management

Master of Business Administration (MBA) , Human Resources 2011 State , India Human Resources

Bachelor of Science (B.Sc , Bioteclnology 2009 Mount Carmel College India Biotechnology

als

Bullhom, Boolean Searches, Google Resume Search, LinkedIn X-ray search, The Ladder, GitHub, Tech Fetch, Monster, Career Buikder,
LinkedIn, Indeed.
