HR ANALYST
Summary

Experienced professional with background in Human Resources, Administrative, and Customer Service environments. Proficient in MS Excel,
Word, Power Point, Share Point, Taleo, Autonomy, One Note, SAP, Visio, OrgPlus, and Outlook. Abk to effectively manage project tasks and
impkerent processes to support immediate and long-term objectives.

Accomplishments

Lead HR team through successfull clean-up, categorization, and electronic conversion of over 3,500 employee files.

schivor anes
Company Name October 2012 to July 2015 HR Analyst

Provide Human Resources and Employee Relations transactional service assistance to managers and employees throughout Kraft Foods.
Work to ensure process integration is supported within HR fimction during Kraft Merger by adapting to, and executing revised HR
methods.

Serve as lead for Workforce Solutions Intake group, providing guidance on HR task questions, overseeing Intake scheduling, defining
current processes and implementing new processes to increase productivity.

Oversee Share Point site updates, ensure systems are operational in accordance with Intake needs. Serve as point of contact for IS and
technical concerns.

Lead Intake team through successful clean-up, categorization, and scanning of over 3,500 employee files.

Impkment and maintain processes for the addition ofermployee docurrentation through Autonomy systems database.

Support Sr. HR Director by monitoring, collecting and analyzing manager transaction requests and employee relation case data by utilizing
SharePoint database and Excel finctions, providing reports ona quarterly basis.

Serve as main point of contact for Kraft Foods Scholarship program Continuously reviewed process to improve management of
scholarship program Collaborated with third party to administer enhancing scholarship applications, FAQ updates, scholarship selection
guidelines and policy chrification.

Project involvement including on-boarding improvement, New York wage letter distribution, and severance support.

Company Name January 2012 to October 2012 HR Coordinator

Support Workforce Solutions group with collection and distribution of company-wide organization announcements and other administrative
An

Consult with managers/employees to determine the type of HR transaction(s) needed, including but not limited to policy questions, employee
relation issues, terminations, new hire process, and compensation changes.

Serve as main point of contact for Illinois unemployment office to assist with chim management / distribution and data verification for U.S.
employees.

Support severance process by creating employee specific disability letters and assisting with severance packages, including the preparation
and creation of severance exhibits.

[Ccreriirt Premio neccRniliicacya Many ca etl

Company Name February 2008 to January 2012 Senior HR Coordinator Sales

Manage schedules, travel, and meeting preparation or Area VP Saks.

Created Saks Newsletter, summarizing relevant updates and current information, promoting steady communication within sales group.
Analyze yearly goal progress for employees utilizing Gallup Survey Systems.

Utilize Taleo applicant tracking system, handle On- Boarding for the Chicago and Kansas City Customer Logistics Group including but not
limited to background checks, phone screens and drug testing.

Distribute Unemployment Claims for manager response and completed all unemployment verification specifics for U.S. employees.
Developed and implemented improved monthly HR reports based on the needs of the HR partners which include the following: Employee
rosters, Open Positions, PT and FT hours worked STD, New Hires, Promotions, Demotions, Terminations, Risk Management, and
educational information.

Submit HR Online transaction requests including promotions, terminations, Retum to Work & Job Changes, ensuring timely transaction
oon aterm

Confirm successfil processing and payout to sales employees for vacation relief program.

Maintain payables for all Background/Verifications charges to clients.

Company Name Septerrber 2007 to February 2008 Administrative Assistant

Maintain and update Team Sites for Central Area retail accounts, Outlook distribution lists, and sales samples manifest.

Run allocation reports and Incentive Contest update reports, distributing to sales tears weekly.

Format and post quarterly sales priorities decks, utilizing Power Point. Retrieve, zip & post all custorrer business team weekly updates.
Post files for customer business tears used in monthly mailings. Send reminder notifications to all managers responsible for monthly sales
priority distribution. Assist Retail Leads to ensure sales priority data collected and posted ina timely manner.

Planned and organized mnterials for sales meetings, complete A/P for Service Center, Retail and all other miscellaneous office fictions.
