HR MANAGER
Ritarersa

Hurmn Resources professional with the ability to work successfully with all kvels ofan organization, deliver expected results, consistently resolve
OURO Mca EMO TCO antigen tinted ae Dt eun a nem Rust Otce Oey psn ced

PS hranratiy
© Staffing and recruiting Pe Die) eyiieasa aig
SoU nea si atc a Dit) noe D lear Nt ele
CD) eNced nana © Manager coaching and training

Experience
HR Manager 10/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

COLI emia anes CSO Tyme tet Reece cornite Palestine ru ecur cue rele B rece Mom ore ee eat
eral onnes

OTS Can) oncom keen ons arent con cor come Re ears oe

Coach managers on disciplining and terminating employees to minimize Fale

LEP cian geen niece ec ueem iy Reins) ened

eee Ree incu e Aenea Ase ere Cee

Ensure on-boarding of quality employees through established and effective recruiting processes.

Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational ea iam

Ensure kgal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and state requirements.

Conduct workplace investigations and represent the company at legal pests ie

SMa NB nteai ana iae anlage ons com ccconren mec teaTt oy OUCH E goers eee ar Po derncanmese ante Tey ona
Develop and monitor required controls and prograrrs to meet affinmative action pe) snbeenlceleeRe (outed

Pe eels munca naib ucne Obata cemunircny Narita pkant goals and objectives.

Maintain professional knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks
and participating in professional societies,

ee ee ee ee ee ee ee

Sr. HR Generalist 11/2011 to 10/2013 Company Name City, State

oy

Perform Initial Service Assessments to identify client needs.

TR cta cab eck aetna leche eee eRe alert employment laws, performance management, recruitment, and
ors) each attain

Design client employee handbooks and job descriptions,

eae Mee Rsreccs pe ee ane cored ent e payroll, health benefits or retirement plans.

ee Ciel neSan Le Oma ane ntsc eae dane Keres) once

Work to build strong client relationships while providing quality service to retain client base.

Maintain personal knowledge of trends and changes in Human Resources Pousseobonarsncdeelte Nance

Ce ee ee

SS aise OUT MUS RG en nN Or SESE

Coordinate employee hiring and orientation programs.

Provide guidance to management regarding company policies, procedures and facilitate the resolution of, policy-related and procedural
issues.

Work extensively with union representatives to resolve hbor relation issues and grievances.

Pie Sebine Reo om ictalies Omri tar one

Manage and promote the Employee Recognition Program.

eae aL P Nini Cw at ore aan

ELIE LUM cooneek ICR cee bre ur TB Ii oR St Ce

Ce ee

Enployment Specialist 09/2008 to 11/2009 Company Name City , State

Initiate the hiring process within designated divisions based on predetermined hiring needs.

eine Nadine Pte cero Rn) acetic eT ho ueigeieclns i eeeca eb iaetLanre a

ecCha con nunetncbie cinenanacgeatnansrel vee abt ts elravinzesteer enim

SO eed iton aie eC acon aR E NS womans ice lier a erie pres t alice
Coordinate and conduct interviews for hiring managers.

Develop and present employment offers to candidates.

Conduct New Hire Orientation for new employees.

Prepare weekly, quarterly and annual reports on recruiting activity.

een Eee EO clnas Omen Leen eu ou regen s) eNccd

Assist HR Director with employee relations including performance discussions, performance improverrent plans, employee investigations
and exit interviews.

© Support the Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) efforts and ensure attainment of Affirmative Action gern
Plan and kad the annual employee performance appraisal training and assessment program.
