ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

To obtain a position in a fast-paced business office environment, demanding a strong organizational, technical, and interpersonal position utilizing
ny skills and attributes. Attributes Sel£motivated and honest; good work ethic Effective working alone or as a cooperative team member Reliable
and hard-working; thorough in completing projects Committed to excellent customer service

Core Qualifications

Intermediate Word Advanced Excel PowerPoint Intermediate Access Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable QuickBooks Enterprise Outlook
Customer Service

schivor anes

PACU nels

January 2011 to November 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Processed accounts receivables payments received by ACH, Lockbox, Credit Card and Checks.
Maintained all banking activity.

Documented all loan and other payments to the proper G/L Accounts.

Review and maintain all positive pay processing with the bank.

Review and processed accounts payables reports.

Processed all accounts payables by check, domestic and intemational wires, ACH, and credit card.

I ceterelen Menta nr ace

Maintained all credit card activity for all credit card holders, documented transactions to the proper G/L Accounts.
Cakuhte and process all Sales quarterly commission reports.

Review and complete all credit checks and reference checks on new customers.

Maintain and file the quarterly reports for the Job Development Credit with the State of South Carolina.
Order passports and Visa's for international travel.

Accounts Receivable Clerk
RES AUR Ran mA eRe lian clea LON mEST l(c

HesOrirecRess Raia

Processed accounts receivable payments.

Reconciled delivery driver's cash and checks with daily invoices.

Corresponded with customers through emuil and phone calls on overdue invoices.
Sent bi-weekly and monthly statements.

Created and maintained monthly inventory depletion and saks reports to suppliers.
Balanced and solved problems with customer's accounts.

Eek ee The mSU ey eRe nel ece

Ran daily trial balance.

Ran the end of day closing reports.

Mortgage Underwriter
RE eae ROR mad Gee lian cick OrN ECT

* Processed new residential mortgage loan submissions.

¢ Provided ckar and consistent written and verbal communications with customers/clients.

© Provided a strong analytical aptitude for reviewing credit reports, bank statements, preliminary title reports and appraisak.
* Corresponded with customers, loan officers, and account managers for information needed.

Ovnineda POO cas
January 2004 to January 2006 Company Name i City , State

Processed new business commercial auto applications and issued endorsements.
Performed data entry, reviewed applications, loss runs and driving records.

Provided clear and consistent written and verbal communications with custorrers/brokers.
Gail L.

Lugo Page 2 864-472-7092.

Personal Auto Underwriter
January 2001 to January 2004 Company Name i City , State

Ce rmeccet sata necOm aren cere Rane eran

© Performed data entry, reviewed applications, loss runs and driving records.

* Processed account receivable premium checks for insurance premiums.

© Consistently resolved and answered customer concems and questions by properly and promptly reviewing policies, endorsements and
poset ochutr stom

este sctiites
January 1983 to January 2001 Company Name 1% City , State
