SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

schivor anes

Company Name June 2011 to Current Senior Accountant
lena El CG

© Prepare quarterly and annual financial statements for 17 multi-furily communities for distribution to investors and financial institutions.

© Reconcile and account for all activity on the income statement and balance sheet including cash, fixed assets, derivatives, equity, and
sy rarsacoea

Pe Oe ehlcr ebay OVA en ee conor Ie cieneltsd

© Initiate capital calls and distributions for investors.

© Manage budgets and construction loan activity for approximately $100,000,000 in active construction projects in FL, MA, and MD.

Company Name March 2010 to June 2011 Associate Fund Controller
lena El CG

Performed quarterly and annual close procedures for MSREF (Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds) 61, the largest international real estate
investment find to date with $8 billion of partnership assets, and draft financial statements distributed directly to find investors.

© Lead quarterly management fee process by performing work to draft approximately $14,000,000 in bills to fimd Partners.

Develop work plan to ensure deadlines are met, test results, delegate work to other Fund Controllers, and perform detailed review of their
Sena

Lead MSREF 61 initiative to implement reinvestrrent of proceeds (ROP) methodology to reallocate approximately $120,000,000 in cash
to-date amongst investrents with deficient cash balances to cover contributions and expenses.

Write formulss to analyze cash movement in Microsoft Excel and assist four Information Technology Vice Presidents in programming the
partner capital sub ledger system to calculate the moverent and test results.

Wrote standard operating procedures memo for ROP to train team members.

Company Name June 2007 to March 2010 Advisory, Forensic and Audit Associate
lena El CG

© Performed research to locate red flags in numerous potential fraudulent mortgages at one of the largest bank failures in U.S.

Smee

¢ Developed writing skills by drafting over forty memorandums that summarized potential fraud in loans that were presented to multiple

agencies of the Government.

Wrote a thirty-five page corporate intelligence narrative explaining personal and Professional relationships of an individual under

sae aT COE

These tasks assisted the FBI in arresting the individual, suspected of orchestrating a two billion dollar mortgage fraud sche.

* Performed substantive test work, analytical procedures, and testing of controls at multiple audit clients, including keading the sakes and
inventory test work ofan international company with approximately one billion in annual sales.

OUP Bees lcm ecm NCO Mame care Hath Mec moe iN Mlaall Ove ee eceueCiiel Carle Rec icece

« Analyzed audit client's major accounting processes, identified control weaknesses, and recommended solutions and improvernents.

CMA ectco mio s nace cel helene b nicotene Rec Cem GE em clea a rae nun Med bemsyzecterarttics |
Cicckoma Las een mince ic Oem Ricca Lesa omicuccmin Bcc Mieco edo sicieebl orl leics ace wes ene
anonymous telephone hotline that lead to a new, ksting client relationship with the Federal government.

¢ Analyzed a series of bank accounts owned by over twenty customers ofa large, domestic bank to determine the amount of finds stolen and
trace illicit transfers made by a bank employee from each account ina multimillion dollar fraud scherre.

August 2006 to May 2007 Accounting Tutor Sole Proprietorship
lena El CG

* Held private sessions to teach financial accounting to over 25 individual client needs and wrote practice questions which resulted in grade
improverrent amongst all clients, including one who increased his exam performance by 35 percentage points after sessions.

Education

EMORY UNIVERSITY, Goizueta Business School 5 2007 Bachelor of Business Administration : Accounting City , State GPA: GPA: 3.63/4.0
GPA: 3.77/4.0 Accounting GPA: 3.63/4.0 GPA: 3.77/4.0

shila vesihy

Fulton County CASA Board of Directors Member, Treasurer. Plan fimd raisers, review budget and financial statements, and supervise CASA
staff in not-for-profit organization that trains volunteers to mentor children being pulled from their homes through the Fulton County court system
om licern Sou cum O UWS Crna @ueeub lear ckemena ech Yai kmel gee iuccc aemetela tears or eccutercedlnd
CPA exam CFE, Certified Fraud Examiner, which

Skills

accounting, balance sheet, budgets, client, clients, derivatives, drafting, equity, financial, financial accounting, financial statements, fixed assets,
Funds, Government, Informtion Technology, inventory, investrents, ledger, MA, Microsoft Excel, natural, page, payabks, processes,
programming, Real Estate, research, sales, scheme, telephone, writing skills

PXcGreoeslPiloeraben

¢ COMMUNITY SERVICE, CERTIFICATIONS AND AWARDS Fulton County CASA Board of Directors Member, Treasurer. Plan
