SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary
Senior accountant who completes accounting activities with accuracy and speed with extensive experience in full life cycle of general edger
Blewe nating
als
© Aderan/(CMS © Financial reporting
Le esl) * US GAAP principks
© QuickBooks Pro © IFRS
Cnie)0) © Bookkeeping
Oe tacosct 4 Ce sirenagsene eerie
¢ Peachtree Ce ely alualnnacauinns
© Hyperion © Essbase
Work History

Senior Accountant Mar 2006 - Current
Company Name City , State

Reconcile various balance sheet accounts not limited to cash and lability accounts, including bank statements, for the purpose of maintaining
the accuracy of the general ledger in accordance with cash, GAAP, and various international tax legishtive basis.

errr ous icabitnctor om iiancnnenieigraleeseceoced ne Do ol wrN

Yerrmbecione kod red ep omna nner Rie cey

PROSE ON Mr amene MeN eee Keontolm ita test cbcncerr re Ronettes oa

Review and analyze journal entries from the original accounting source and ifa variance from the general ledger is found, initiate discussions
with specialists in accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, and tax department to resolve the discrepancy.

Review and analyze intemational payrolls inA aspect of income tax, local tax, consumption tax, and fringe benefit deductions for Seoul,
Shanghai, and Tokyo office and upload into Aderant/CMS for posting into the general ledger.

PArNrieb corded Wolverine imran ere bscaiteyirec

Resolve currency fluctuation issues and record gains/losses related to currency exchange rates for the international offices of the firm by
using currency mode journal entries.

© Analyze expatriate expenditures on monthly basis to be reported on W-2 form

Prepare initial K-1 schedules to be filed by tax department

Prepare month-end various accrual journal entries including base wage, bonus, occupancy, prepaid property insurance, telecommunications,
and catering accruab.

Prepare and analyze expense allocations from firm general to local offices on a monthly basis.

Review and analyze inter-company transactions for Seoul, Shanghai, Tokyo, and Vienna office

Ue CP ON BLetPAa Rican erCMULe Mh  shet RM iRiLesssiieaeesecbtlrccianeealLemiriel

Assist in transhtion of various fixed asset invoices from Seoul and Tokyo office and other Asian offices’ travel expense reports.
Notabk accomplishments: Found material misstatement in prepaid property insurance for the first quarter of '08 and made prospective
Pure On de aetRuaneclDeunamennenie

Provided clarity in Japanese payroll systems associated with health, welfare, and chikicare allowance to the management and made
cc edi Mere CCE S aes LrerbetiLom ace lice

Accountant Jan 2005 - Mar 2006
Company Name City , State

Maintain financial records in accordance with GAAP to be reported to a parent company and investors.

Analyze & reconcile G/L accounts and prepare semi-annual, and end year B/S, I/S, and staterrent of cash flows Coordinate with
warehouse manager to ensure daily shipping schedules.

Communicate with outside company's designated CPAs when tax issues arise.

Establish master employee payroll record file for information entry into payroll system.

Receive & compute hours, make deductions for 401K, health insurance, and other adjustments thru Paychex Prepare Joan applications and
PIAUCIB TCO NUET CICA bSrCR UB AUSecot edt cm

Assist in training, guidance and coordination of accounts payable, accounts receivable, and other departments and site personnel.
Performed semi-annual inventory valuation.

Financial Analyst Aug 2002 - Jan 2005
Company Name City , State

Manage and forecast fimds for Palm Desert National Bank sponsored 350 ATM terminals averaging 2.5 million ona weekly basis.
Reconcile & settle, and act as lead accountant for Innobeta Systems, Inc., (affiliate of Money Marketing, Inc.).

Prepare monthly Profit and Loss reports as to surcharge and interchange.

Analyze commumication and armor carrier expenses as a temporary M&A team member during due diligence procedure of ATM World
Corp.

Analyze processing costs and network fees in terms of EFTs.

Prepare audit work papers, confirmations and other documentation to make the audit efficient and hold on audit fees in connection with
Erne eslhatia
