INVESTMENT ACCOUNTANT
Career Focus

Accomplished and results oriented Investment professional with strong leadership and interpersonal skills who adds energy and value to an
organization's quest for excellence.

Sumnnry of Skils
Internet and Microsoft Office - MS Word, MS Power Point, MS Excel, Pivot Tables, Spreadsheets,

CMa Alesnaciilesl ict

ete cec
¢ Detai-oriented
ance
* Business Objects, Lombardi, Eagle Accounting System, PEGA, DRAS, Workbench. tReet
© Account reconciliation expert
© Effective time management
Foust a cccenala tet © Compkx probkemsolving
© Superior research skills
Detait oriented
Accomplishments

Multiple awards for performance.Formully recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting Increased efficiency
of discrepancy investigations by [Number]% by designing a more accurate cash- forecasting system.

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State Investment Accountant 10/2012 to 11/2015

© Reconciled mutual find accounts with the custody Identified and Resolved differences in Custody and Accounting Cash, Currency and
Positions using Eagle, IAX, Business Objects, Lombardi and Workbench Reports Commumicated and Collaborated with other areas in the
firm, client, find accountant, custodians that are impacted by the finctions of the team Conducted weekly client meetings and act as liaison
between Accounting and custody to resolve any outstanding items in cash, currency and positions.

* Completed special projects from the management as needed Trained, Oversee and assisted staff in offShore team (Pune, India) and acted as

a laison between Pune Office and US.

Helped US team by performing tests on Pega Vs.

Business Objects and Eagle during the Platform Migration Trained new staffand assist themas needed to meet the department goals.

Ran daily reports for find accountants using business objects and MS Database.

Award: Received a special achievement award at BNY Mellon Bank in Asset Servicing (Dec 2013) Award: Received a special

achieverrent award at BNY Mellon Bank in Asset Serveing (Dec 2014.

Company Name City, State AML Compliance Officer 11/2011 to 03/2012

* Audited customer's bank accounts in the company's system Performed quality assurance reviews on customer information maintained on
various bank systems Reconciled the quality assurance results on spreadsheets Performed background search on clients using tools such as
world check and google search Finance Projects at UD Project 1: Group simulation project to develop the investment philosophy and
Piolo CR eM Ese acts ned Cee AT RUOURE LOR cies as ile

¢ Invested about 50% of our finds in moderate to high-risk investment in order to achieve capital appreciation; Invested about 25% of our

fimds in low to moderate risk investment in order to preserve our capital

Oe Pay PUR ce Kon ucR ncaa ei rLome Hine bbe mersln cae

Performed an analysis to determine the allocation of stocks by minimizing CV and graphed the daily retums for each stocks Performed

regression analysis and analyzed the regression statistics on weekly retums.

Performed an analysis on our group's portfolio with the market and with other groups.

Case analysis on Price Momentum Strategy Used price momentum model analysis to test whether the price momentum model will work on

US stock market as it did with the US Canadian stocks.

© Used the weighted annual retums and created the worst outlook portfolio and the best outlook portfolio Selected the top eight performing
stocks for cach quarter to create the best outlook portfolio and compared to the market to determine ifthe pricing momentum would hold

ro
¢ Cakuhted the average retum for each portfolio and rebalanced the portfolio and compared to the S&P 500 for each quarter within the
same time period.

Company Name City , State Medical Technologist 07/2008 to 03/2012

© Clmical Microbiology Experience - Highlights include ordering, processing, plating and culturing patient's specimens Tests - Performing
