ACCOUNTANT
Summary
To pursue excellence in the dynamic business world by obtaining a placerment allowing me to perform in an environment where honesty, sincerity &
a positive attitude would be valued. I would like to take up a challenging job to nourish my qualification , expertise & experience within a reputed
organization & firther enhance my performance. Flexible [Job Titk] who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and
technologies. Flexible [Job Title] who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies.
Highlights

© Dos, Windows 9.x, XP, MS Office, Orack, Tally, Adobe Photoshop , Adobe Illustrator, Pagermaker, 3d Inifnative, © Account

Audio Editing, Video Editing , Macro Media Director, Orack 81, Developer 2000. reconciliations

Accomplishments
Enter outstanding achievements that show you can go above and beyond basic job expectations. See Examples General Ledger Accounts

© Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payabk, accrued expenses and line of credit
fst Leis

schivor anes

October 2011

to

August 2015

Oo ANE LO ABO LCP cen Dati’

© Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.
Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software. Responsible to
ensure that receivables are timely collected, Participate in preparation of Monthly Management reports, Stock taking, monthly, quarterly and
yearly and running reports for inventory control and analysis, Inspection and follow up of warehouse for stock movement.

¢ Review of taxation documents and applications for clients, Preparing for cost analysis and variance reports, and supporting management in
Core nesaien emetic Reete ect n ie wrenches Omagh ECs Cmte) anwte ket

* Assisting management in Budget preparation, Checking of proper documentation before payment disbursement.

¢ Reconciliation of Bank Statements, staffaccount and supplier accounts, Financial ratios and analysis report of the same, Making MIS report
ee Leh icct oe Ucleca ee GoecneuARLameQiurance oO mleteaa brazen st

RET!)

to

September 2011

Oo ANE LO ABO LCP cen Dati’

Reviewed accountantAts book entries to ensure accuracy of the G/L. Responsible to ensure that receivabks are timely collected,

Participate im preparation of Monthly Management reports, Stock taking, monthly, quarterly and yearly and running reports for inventory

control and analysis, Inspection and follow up of warehouse for stock moverment.

Preparing for cost analysis and variance reports, and supporting management in cost modeling and overhead cost allocation, Maintaining

staff accounts and processing staff salary, leave, and final settlement in timely manner after checking of documents and auditing of the sam.

Processing for final payment for suppliers and staff, Processing and review of tax docurrents, Assisting management in Budget preparation,

Checking of proper docurentation before payment disbursement, Liaising with HR and suppliers for payroll and other disbursement.

Reconciliation of Bank Statements, staffaccount and supplier accounts, Financial ratios and analysis report of the same, Giving guidance

and support for general staff for payroll and finance, Making MIS report for CFO and senior Managerrent, Coordinating with other

departments for financial management.

* Aug’07- Dec'08 Auto! (AFGhannam Auto Workd Co.

© WLL), Kuwait Accountant: Responsible to ensure that liabilities are paid on time and receivables are timely collected, Participate in
preparation of Monthly Management reports, Maintaining accounts on daily basis, Stock taking and inventory report as well as warehouse
inspection, Preparing and disbursing salary and leave to staffafter checking of proper docurrentation, Reconciliation of Bank Statements,
MIS report for senior management.

April 2006

to

May 2007

Oo ANE LO ABO LCP cen Dati’

© Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions. Responsible for payable
are paid on time and receivabks are timely collected, Ensures Co.

* policies related to payments, and contracts are completely followed.

Oe deen clo R OMIM wicertoCetOe meh aa IMC ONce

October 2001
to
Wi etce Allie
