ACCOUNTANT II
Accomplishments

© Miltary Training Certificate, 2005; PNC Conversation: Deep Dive into Savings and Investrent training 2012; Operational and Soundness
Training 2013; Employee of the month (Novernber) at PNC Bank 2011; Employee of the Quarter at PNC Bank 2011; Retail Banking
Achieverrent Award 2012;.

¢ NMLS- Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, 2013.

© Supervision
Sicarsedhcuntyakontiainean cana.

Professional Summary
Detail-oriented Accountant with 5 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations.

als
© Superior attention to detail A 5 5
SE reread : paeiranatiel Pecienslt
* QuickBooks expert etre ed eer ire
* Sclf motivated professional FXebipecesen daa eineac ely
© Strong communication skills °
Work History
Accountant IT , 02/2017 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for preparing and posting entries for the daily posting packet.

* Verifies and balances system originated interfaces and posts non-system generated transactions prepared from other sources.

System originated interfaces refers to the Credit Union owned system as well as external systems, such as shared branching and ATM
transaction networks.

A monitor flow of credit union transactions from the various supporting systems into and out of the general ledger daily, and identifies and
resolves errors, omissions, and imegularities to provide accurate records for TFCU and its service organizations.

Cakuhtes and posts month end and year-end accruals as needed.

Responsible for maintaining fixed assets and prepaid sub-ledger accounts.

Prepares budget variance reports for various departments as assigned.

Works with that department manager in preparation of annual budget.

Responds to inquiries from that manager regarding budgeted and actual expenses.

Prepares analyses as requested by manager and other departments.

Manages the accounts payable fiction - including employee/volunteer reimbursement - from processing incoming invoices, through cost
center coding, approval by appropriate party, imput into the system, to check preparation and mailing.

Identifies vendors requiring an IRS Form 1099 and prepares the form and transmittal.

CW Ercale Oye cl RU NCecenicn emis courne mie enadcMed hliceecuarieee mest celnikes am nce ces neces beste Aca)
accounts for payment, and resolving discrepancies.

Along with other Finance Department staff, processes outgoing and incoming wires, verifies those wires have all required documentation,
and works with branch staff to ensure incoming wires are posted and resolve issues.

Responsible for assisting with the preparation of financial statements.

Accountant , 06/2015 to 02/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

40hrs Coordinate and supervise employees within Accounts Payable interacting with internal customers and external suppliers monitoring all
controls.

Oversee employee business expense processing for multiple business units keading projects such as system testing and implementation.
Communicate accounting policies practices and procedures with department manager’s vendors and internal customers to ensure
compliance.

Maintains knowledge ofall Credit Union processes which affect the general ledger, including share drafts, ACH, wire transfers, ATM,
Federal Reserve, and Credit Cards.

Responsible for reconciliation of the clearing accounts, including vault, transfer, on us, bond clearing and cashier check clearing among it's
ore eee 19

Responsible for preparing month end and posting entries.

Responsible for assisting with the preparation of financial statements.

Prepare verified processed and maintained a variety of order reconciliation fimetions.

Use office automated systems to input data generate reports conduct investigations and respond to inquiries.

Maintains records for vendors and accounts payabk, including 1099s and corporate Visa accounts.

Accountant , 08/2013 to 062015
Company Name 4€“ City , State
