LEAD ACCOUNTANT
bso ia ney
© QuickBooks, Peachtree, In-house Accounting Systems and Financial Reporting, MAS 90, FAR, WAWF, Great Phins, Integration
Manager, FRx reporting,
Hyperion Workspace, Planning, Enterprise, Essbase, Schedules and Reports, Crystal Reports, MS Office with strong Excel skill
Financial Accounting
Pathan Velancien’
Saha lec@raNelometus ten)
Performance Reporting
Beye vro icine aon ane
Forecasting/Trend Analysis
Strategic Planning
lente delves
Ale stn cP aNesl 9
Sarbanes-Oxky Research and Compliance

Experience
PUP Xewennnins
NO ci row PER OU rar aeons sie N Cray E ON mmST Ce

Pe ceor es aCe ees him Ue readme saniindncacm leaned) Blesliicy sane ine RSH one ceed Brone alia
accounting policies and procedure, cash flow, taxes, auditing, and business process improverents.

Manage various areas in financial accounting, budgeting and financial analysis.

Execute qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques to minimize risks and liabilities.

Develop and implement system processes to achieve financial discipline and improve the overall efficiency of the organization.

Provide strong analytical skills, good relationship management and negotiation skills in liaising with various large corporate entities, financial
institutions and various regulatory authorities.

Monitor and manage daily processes for multiple complex revenues streams.

Review contracts for new pricing schedules while researching and implementing new accounts into the accounting systems.

Provide subject matter expertise in analyzing revenue trends and apply corrective measures to risk findings.

Maintain ongoing communication with key stakeholders to include accounts, operations managers and new markets support teams for
emerging accounting issues and recommend corrective actions.

Test internal controls for compliance in preventing fraud and improving accounting processes while meeting fill compliance with GAAP,
Federal and State hw.

Stay abreast of relevant new market events and new product in the pipeline.

Track daily activity of the finris new contracts and provide recommendations on financial related issues.

Maintain the accuracy and completeness ofall deferred revenues and enforce timely revenue recognition.

Lead and develop methods and implement revenue test models for complex billing structures.

Perform trends analysis on revenues using quantitative methodology and forecast future contingencies.

WAVE pep awmcnalia esa eeepc eg ree eelesl aCcci nee Cees an cca unt encna ye Meeeo Nal L ice CR Ce IEA
accounting policy determinations,

Identify risky accounts in default and communicate to account managers for corrective actions.

MCR ee bes ue ete ie ecclem isi can oleietinns ae atude caren Posvewin Ronee iiiigininn acuad
Clarice

COR oar e ero ora eee eee

Prepare and maintain various incentive payment scheduks for the prescriber program.

Lead and support the billng autonmtion effort while streamlining the monthly billing process for more prompt, accurate and timely billing of
Dette) oe

© Improve cash flows by meeting targeted projections.

Narewatecenieig
September 2006 to October 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Compiled and analyzed financial data used in the preparation of corporate financial statements,

© Provided support to business operations through analysis of key performance indicators and trends,

¢ Maintained and supervised the various systems of intemal controls over financial reporting whik assessing and remediating deficiencies
discovered through periodic testing making easier to reconcile accounts.

Collaborated, compiled, and prepared budgets and forecast operational activities.

Maintained general ledger and sub ledger accounts by posting and docurrenting financial journal entries.

Managed and maintained corporate closing schedules for periodic financial reporting.

Monitored and maintained fixed assets and depreciation scheduks on ongoing basis.

Fikd property taxes with county and ensured compliance of corporate saks taxes with Federal and State.

Lead team in the preparation and coordination of the financial audit process.

Reconciled bank statements and procured recommendations for all bank irregularities issues with key stake hoKlers.

Staff Accountant
