PROJECT ACCOUNTANT

Career Focus

Dedicated and focused professional who excels at prioritizing, compkting multiple tasks simultancously and following through to achieve project
goals. Secking a rok of increased responsibility and authority.

Highlights

¢ Project coordination © Results-oriented

OM weanreatniauesninecas CMB Yoimcliveavecd

¢ Microsoft Office proficiency «Strong interpersonal skills

Ce elicpecccmuas tied © Organized and detail-oriented
reer pomaranad
PROJECT ACCOUNTANT

February 2003 to Current Company Nan - City , State ?

e

Currently the on-site Project Accountant for the Gulfport High School renovation which is a CM project with direct owner purchase.
Proficient with AS400, SAP and JD Edwards accounting systems and all Microsoft applications as well as Construction Imaging software
for invoice coding and Blucbeam

VODs abLetml es oo LOM Ubn engine ack en neon a Cm Uae ommCcay ecb yuccai an Omele ke te (ae
insurance and bonds for multiple projects to include the Hard Rock New Guest Tower Addition, Island View Casino Renovation, MDA
Neighborhood Home Repair Program, MSU Science & Technology Center, Ohr O'Keefe Museums of Art, Air Cargo Facility and Sea
I Sircosee Gens Con Ute

Assisted multiple Project Managers, Project Engineers and Superintendents with correspondence, files and electronic filing systems, cost
coding, RFI's, submittals, submittal log set up, contracts and pay applications and the colkction, electronic filng and storage of close out
information for specific projects including O&M's, warranty information and as-builts.

Currently responsible for all Construction Management accounting activities including preparation and submission ofall trade contractors
AIA pay apps and owner billings.

FAC covets emus Leute umn Ronin necting Bebe cuca ina cmel ote eMUe ure en ke ick iiccd tcc
ieviemoeniatle couecmlsLeiteece (om iyi ete

ASSISTANT TO VICE PRESIDENT
PNB RCP ocean meek er Net cee OS MeSEL)

¢ Developed and implemented a procedure manual for subcontractors that included RFI's, Submittals, and Change Order Proposals and also
developed a companion manual for Project Managerrent.

© Successfully coordinated and produced a project overview presentation for the Mirage monthly executive meeting,

¢ Assisted in the development and maintenance ofa database to track contracts and change orders in excess of S700 million.

e

OWNER
May 1994 to January 1996 Company Name - City , State

© Acquired and maintained all necessary licenses, permits and insurances to operate and perform construction work.

© Managed all insurance, premiums, claims and annual audits.

¢ Scheduled equipment, ordered materials, verified, coded and paid vendor invoices and prepared AIA requisitions for owner billings.

© Successfilly completed MS Law & Business Management Exam for MS Contractor's Certificate of Responsibility for TKG Contractors.
ASSISTANT PROJECT MANAGER

September 1992 to April 1994 Company Name - City , State

© Maintained all property management and lease administration for a phased, 24-acre business park known as Hampton Business Center
ee ce LOO OES UUM VIBE eBroce la cckee uch Oe ronmuMiciPaL emmy eee estrarednemrrsti ans lneem

Ce droiccbh snare OM NUR Utils come aioli Letcemoenecs Om Ube MtRvesie cient eicallanalnetm ie seunan Nc icici ad
and a detailed electricaVHVAC maintenance program for the GSA/Smithsonian.

¢ Researched and prepared responses for all Tenant Requests for Proposal.

© Scheduled and coordinated special events and trade shows to actively market the property.

PROJECT MANAGER,
September 1989 to July 1992 Company Nanx - City , State

* Responsible for interior tenant build out for various projects to includeA the design phase with the utility providers, city engineers and trade
contractors to determine correct loads depending on the tenant's needs.

© Monitored and coordinated daily construction activities and immediately addressed any outstanding issues to maintain strict schedule
deadlines.

© Tenant build out inchided kitchen areas for restaurants, a Xerox service center, and various GSA facilities among others.

PROJECT COORDINATOR
January 1985 to Septerrber 1989 Company Name - City , State
