ACCOUNTANT
Professional Summary

Emerging accounting professional ready to develop career foundation with expanding operation. Dedicated to keeping records accurate and
controls tight to meet all business needs. Systermtic and well-organized with strong attention to detail, mathematical acumen and GAAP
bene ctl Lom

als
© Microsoft Office CMSB Sia
© Account Reconciliation Processes © Superior analytical skills
* Financial staterents PECcrorlbaivomicecray
© Interpersonal, active-listening, and critical thinking skils © * Adrinistrative support
Cuore cnaueuslicie surat CEE @tsonumccey es

Work History
Accountant , 04/2020 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Prepares necessary adjusting journal entries and period end financial statements.

© Executes core financial processes, including vendor setup and payment, operational expenses, administration of bank accounts and account
reconciliations.

© Processes journal entries and performs accounting corrections to ensure accurate records.

© Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping.

© Prepares governmental reports in compliance with strict standards.

Branch Service Specialist , 11/2017 to 04/2020
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Provided excelent customer care by responding to requests, assisting with product selection and handling ordering fimctions.

* Managed deposits, withdrawals, transfers and check cashing; verified customer identification, signature and balance information; processes
Joan payments; and opened/closed accounts.

© Ensured compliance with banking policies and audit procedures; maintained and balanced cash drawers ona daily basis.

* Overlooked ATM balances, refilled cash as needed and ensured the system is in good working order.

© Assessed caller accounts to determine member benefits, identify service needs and resolve issues.

Cashier , 09/2012 to 06/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Reconciled cash drawer at start and end ofeach shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.
* Mentored new team members on POS system operation, customer service strategies and sales goals.

¢ Conpkted saks in excess of $10,000 with near-zero error rate using POS system

CM Oeiobrenenemos ieee encom ekeann ser clander enn coca fenestra leselntins
* Completed tasks quickly and handled muttiple responsibilities at the same time.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Accounting and Finance , 03/2020

eral MO ions Nae Ob

© Dean's List January 2020

Associate : Accounting , 11/2016
Macomb Community College - City
als

Microsoft Office

Account Reconciliation Processes

Financial staterents

Interpersonal, active-listening, and critical thinking skills
Proficient in Polish language

PPB OH

Superior analytical skills
General kedger proficiency
Adninistrative support
lets eumsou ed

Work History
