ACCOUNTANT

iterating

Results-oriented accountant with strong work ethic and over four years of experience.A Successfill at managing multiple projects and ereppssien ig
meeting deadlines under pressure. Bi-lingual in English and Spanish with outstanding analytical, oral and written communication skills across all
kvels of the organization. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.

Sails
¢ Full Accounting cycle Pathe linecd
* Account recorciliationA Cae ence
OCP cteamtecn tnt © TaxesA
Oi aera oranet ic Cie onaiatedRonirearr ony.
© Budget Panning © Teamwork oriented
© Cash Management PMB Si elewacktcinucetne teat eeenan’
¢ Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable «Supervising
© Inventory & PurchasesA © Effective time management
Oe Deccan) © Deadline-oriented
Experience

Company Name City , State Accountant 03/2018

Poet cnocediceigevocionnmiccntdecom cians toe
© Monthly bank reconciliations over 10 companies.

© Manage rent roll, and collections.

¢ Prepare overall accounting reports and internal financial staternent.

Company Name City , State Accounting and Finance Supervisor 07/2017 to 12/2017

¢ Manage and oversee the daily operation of accounting department.

PE Qorrsceneniinerepedscus yout euerel a Era cienecw.

CROs aro D ccna neRornoecac Bharani cen cw

PRX ce No ncecet ye Clucatncbel) one ace. 8

Bee Giclee bese) Mac R oat Rub rent euleeceb Ruane amu oe lines
¢ Prepared annual federal, state and local tax returns.

Company Name City , State Administrator/Accountant 03/2015 to 06/2017

* Manage and oversee the daily operation of accounting department including;A Account payable/receivable *Cash recipes * General pet(neg
* Payroll * Collection * Bank Reconciliations * Check run * Fixed assets activity.

Quarterly, monthly and annual local and state tax retums.

Monitor and analyze accounting data and produce financial and productivity reports.

San eMeonee neko Loeret in a aoe N

Monitors and maintains office supplies inventory.A

Manage office vendors, service providers and maintains certifications documentation updated.

Maintain fiscal files and all documents transaction.

Ivrgeicleee ke @atiits)e tite eam

Colkborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

errs eee here me Und cnn Sac Mn keer a omelette rian es uae lies
staffincluding, medical plan and 401k.

Cr ee ee ee)

Company Name City , State Assistant Controller 03/2013 to 03/2015

Pr eceliisianen alia Leicy

¢ Journal and general kedger entries and postings.

© Manage Accounts payable and accounts receivable as well, also make colkction efforts.A

¢ Incharge of payroll and administration ofemployce benefits.

¢ Responsible for all invoicing activities.

CE OKs collekse so anemincn aa

¢ Assist the Controlkr with overall administrative duties including human resources and financial analysis of the company.

Company Name City , State Seasonal Tax Advisor 01/2012 to 05/2013

Pe ees) Sosa iinnee clare eE ade eneng icine oeliasid Drcreccpin renee oe
REO a acaos orn Keo ed UO Om CEC iEed ones

Be eon Bislee etal Nice Od Neen eCcnCraSOaMt Lc anaebe ACEC cot ie

¢ Audit previous tax files to identify corrective opportunities.

© Occasionally verifies totals on forms prepared by others to detect errors of arithmetic or procedure.
PVE Co eoonenclocepr meni sos tieintudl brad ern ned
