SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Soros monntindnnicrerimuntaccccomercrmamclcercehettaraceninnenab gtr ce Visionary with strategic analytical Ace
Practical, articulate and creative with proven ability to positively impact an organization's financial heatth.A Proven ability to resolve conflict,
improve processes, and is Lean Six Sigym certified.A An expert negotiator with a continuous focus on ROI. A Abk to consistently meet
challenges in a demanding work environment to achieve and exceed organizational goals. Results-orientated ina deadline-driven environment.A
Performance improvement and excellent vendor relations and custorrer service skills.A. Conceptual and exceptional multitasking abilities.A
Expertise includes:

bs hranianie

* Cost control ¢ Analytical and critical thinker

CMW rlmerslecsneibeieet as Ne aceiied

© Budgeting and forecasting © Superior research and investigation aptitude
© Financial statements reporting ¢ Intemaland external auditing

schivor anes
Oru Rt e003
Company Name - City , State Senior Accountant

OR a carlo vorkucanatarnmnm eco brat an Rens sionanaccaCeR UH EMe slp cauar bee e MII BI ETICOLy
HPP serves and supports hospital clients in more than 20 states and physicians across the country. Managed Subsidy Revenue and A/R process
associated with over 70 contracts totaling $53 million in revenue. The process involved monthly closings, preparation of journal entries, accounts
reconciliations and analysis. Preparation of monthly invoices, audit lead- schedules, budgeting and forecasting revenue, collections and expense
control activities.A Accruals, contract reviews. Quality measure benchmarks.

Awarded employee of the quarter for reducing Company's outstanding A/R by 70% in 30 days.

Increased Revenue by 20% by implementing an in-depth auditing process which maximized revenue recognition.

Prevented negative impact on the bottom line by negotiating payment plans and settlements with clients who were experiencing financial

difficulties minimizing risk exposure.

Analyzed, identified and resolved issues affecting revenue.

Coordinated and communicated with internal departments to ensure their understanding of revenue streams keeping revenue on target.

Increased revenue significantly by recognizing established performance metrics that exceeded organizations expectations, improving the

overall bottom line.

© Conducted monthly meetings with Executives and Legal to ensure accurate revenue recognition compliance, discussed fluctuations and
made appropriate suggestions minimizing risk.

© Developed action pln for Divisional Presidents by creating a detailed report for implementation, to improve performance metrics Increased
rene Ble arenlineiiaed a owned vas bL einem abe iil eRe Pa newestaeencel ea rca eRe veesles ibaa asl 8 ciel

* Streamlined billing activities improving efficiency in the A/R process resulting in less outstanding account balances and less bad debt write-

offs leading to significant financial gain.

COPA RR OPPs)
Company Name - City , State Senior Accountant

PEP Weclilitenee ecco E bocce com helen uae aneurin Laobe borin co Mane Benin cernely
substance abuse.

01/2006 - 01/2009
Company Name - City , State Senior Accountant

« Ahealth care organization that operated a contract with the State of Florida Departrrent of Juvenile Justice to provide psychiatric and other
behavioral health services principally to at-risk troubled fermale youth.

Maintained the day-to-day financial activities of the Company including payroll, accounts receivable, Accounts payable, month end closings.
Financial statements reconciliations.

Preparation of financial statements, general ledger, account analysis and reconciliation, journal entries, and performed variance analysis.
Cost containment and cash management of the facility.

AN heceteukee sine riven hwltlecueyeecri kel aed nat cnosieaneta gine becuse Neeyeiesines Bnet Uety

Earmed reputation for positive work ethic, dedication, and flexibility; retained throughout organizational restructure consisting of twimergers/
acquisitions within a ten month period.

© Directed teamand played a key role in pre-acquisition due diligence/assessment effort that was crucial to successfull merger.

© Played significant role in developing company-wide consolidation plan to reduce operating expenses.

01/2001 - 01/2006
Company Name - City , State Controller

¢ Prepared financial statements, general ledger, account analysis and reconciliation, journal entries, and performed variance analysis.
CE AeacocimonetemescibrartLen enaeleaTeiG
