SUPERVISOR ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Ability to work ia fast paced, deadline driven environment, dependently or as a team.

Core Qualifications

Microsoft Office, advanced Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access, Atlas, Windows 95 - XP, Harvard Graphics, QuickBooks, NGS Systems (Net
Global Solutions Systems), People Soft, SAP, Quicken, Nanovision, 2-Tier, Phoenix (E1), and Business Objects.

Experience

Stilaai co matceenn etl

July 2015 to Current Company Narre 1% City , State

Cr ee ee ee ee ee

Performed financial reporting activities for the Ichthys Project.

Specific responsibilities included the following Financial Reporting including variance analysis of P&L's and Balance Sheet.
Project accounting including billing and month end closeout for assigned projects.
Sarbanes Oxley compliance/FCPA - Quarterly testing of intemal contro.

Responsible for preparing budgeting and forecasting,

Account reconciliations and analysis of balance sheet accounts.

Monitoring of project accounts receivables, unbilled, uneamed and financial performance.
Responsible for preparing Backlog Roll Forward for Ichthys.

Prepare PowerPoint presentations, charts, and graphs.

Attend Monthly and Quarter PSR/PFSR meeting.

Performance ofad-hoc request and special projects as required.

Lead Accountant
July 2008 to July 2015 Company Name 1% City, State

re ee ee ee ee

Performed financial reporting activities within the Goverment, Inffastructure and Minerals product line.

Specific responsibilities included the following Financial Reporting including variance analysis of P&L's and Balance Sheet.
Project accounting including billing and month end closeout for assigned projects.

Sarbanes Oxley compliance - Quarterly testing of internal controk.

Assist with budgeting and forecasting,

Account reconciliations and analysis of balance sheet accounts.

Monitoring of project accounts receivables, unbilled, uneamed and financial performance.

Responsible for preparing Backlog Roll Forward for Infrastructure and Minerak.

Assist in preparing PowerPoint presentations, charts, and graphs.

Performance ofad-hoc request and special projects as required.

Nore teeeniin
December 2007 to June 2008 Company Name i City , State

ee ee ee

Review the SSC general ledger accounts and make correcting entries.

Performs account analysis and reconciliation.

Create and maintain ad hoc reports and reporting databases such as Access and Excel,
Monitor SSC process execution for SOX compliance, and coordinates testing activities with auditors.
Generate and analyze process performance metrics.

Assists in developing and testing automated tools such as Lotus Notes and SSC webpage.
Assist in preparing PowerPoint presentations, charts, and graphs.

Reconcile intercompany balances with 18 sister companies.

Prepare accounts payable accruals.

ose pol oval area sm ture ElicHla LOL omrt em ice Bum

Nah eB i cocms cco eR DB mt oo taastbee Ken watson

Pay monthly kase for vehicles and gas cards.

Prepare monthly financial reports and tax packages.

eres reniive occas Ire NAledtnectons) aliscetce

Naem anaes Patil id
October 2005 to October 2007 Company Narre 1% City , State

ry

20th Century Fox Home Entertainment one of the work!'s most recognized and respected producers and distributors of films and television
programs) Researched and analyzed licensee royalty statements, reconciled local office financial staterents, evaluated company's position

by using multiple schedules (e.g, sum cost, revenue and contribution), forecasted month-to-date, prepared and analyzed monthly forecast,
Mig necRe sat Oe aalonalcepe meron eines Rca tomenstestvonr ata

Prepared, maintained and reviewed forecasts.

Set up projects in PeopleSoft.

Performed month-end close activities.

Individually analyzed and prepared production actual.

Analyzed and prepared month-to-date and year-to-date variance explanations.
