RPVND ACCOUNTS
Professional Profile
To advance in professional and personal experiences within Finance, Tax Accounting and Management To obtain a Staff Accountant position that
will enable me to perform my best using my mathemntical, numerical, accounting and analytical ability for the betterment of the organization. Highly
proactive professional with 10+ years of experience in accounting and economics. Eager to achieve highest standard of accounting operations and
greatest quality of work. Outstanding communication (written and spoken), drafting and computer skills. Strong critical thinking skills. High
Proficiency in all computer applications. Remarkable skill at organizing work and resolving problems that arise in day to day activities. In-depth
ability to work with difficult clientele in a respectful and courteous manner. Observant, intuitive and conscientious with great attention to detail,
Deep ability to develop and institute processes and procedures.
Qualifications
© Microsoft applications
© Excellent writing skills
© Research support
¢ Analytical skills

© Independent worker
CaVivesiistiicciats
CaP Nonben tener

aaa chiesrates
Fe D aS et

© Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Bk ora

© Investigated and analyzed client comphints to identify and resolve issues.
GOR ed

* Maintained status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects.
Pere

* Successfillly trained staff'in all office systems and databases, policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating
Riheae elm tecicn

schivor anes
Staff Accountant 04/2006 to 09/2016 Company Name City , State

© Manage the annual property tax cycle by filmg personal property tax retums, managing the assessment process and approving property tax
TID vO recente nO mcolu ENaC ec] Simi eieiatcli ee ekene ct Lent achaanun icicle

Track and maintain client real estate tax data from various sources; municipalities, legal, US Counties, etc.

Coordination with administration associates for data tracking, scheduling, and billing,

Receipt, review, segregation, and process of postal tax bills and other correspondences received.

Senior Management communications and reporting on tax accounting discrepancies in billing,

Tax accounting and assessment data entry utilizing Property Tax Management System (PTMS); updating account numbers, collector
information, Real property specifics, and other appropriate information.

Create/execute notice of value (NOV) variance reporting through established parameters in PTMS Follow through on acquiring necessary
refimd(s) for erroneous fimd dispersals on tax debts Obtain and assess Assessor Property Record Cards (PRC's) to identify land values on
properties exceeding established thresholds Monitor Appeals and Hearing deadlines tracking for compliance.

Financial Aid Accounting Administrator 06/2004 to 042006 Company Name City , State

Provide proficient daily accounting processes and procedures in accordance to the established policies within the Financial Aid Accounting
Doeciipunmee sielilee nares) om

Execute and analyze financial delinquency reports to determine tuition account Verify and/or write-of debit and credit balances on inactive
tuition accounts,

Responsible for Month-End financial closing procedures which includes posting to the General Ledger accounts in Solomon Reconcile the
CO Ne Cem IMMe te Lece ls) eRe ONE e UL te eeennm ech Leny anny

© Perform individual account analysis after each month-end closing.

© Complete financial statement reconciliations to verify any outstanding payments, deposits, service fees, and other forms of fimds in transit
Write and review check requests for account refimds and route checks to appropriate financial institution.

Perform weekly withdrawal calculations to determine account refimd or deficit status Provide associate assistance, support, and advice
where applicable Prepare and file monthly Sales & Use Tax online.

Customer Care Consultant 09/2002 to 04/2003 Company Nanr City , State

© Processed request for real estate accounts and loans through telephone communications with prospective clients.
* Responded to electronic communications regarding loan and general account status Provide staff assistance, support, and advice where
applicable Adhered to establish policies and procedures.
