ACCOUNTANT

Si

enna
FlexibleA accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. Seasoned staffaccountant with ten year

background inA accounting, Core competencies include detailed oriented, organized, and as well as excellent communication and time
mmnagenent skills. Handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency. Passionate and motivated, with a drive for excellence.

BS ania}

Microsoft Excel (v-lookups, macros, pivot tables), Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Outlook, JD
Edwards/AS 400, Microsoft Accounting Office, Image Freeway, QuickBooks, SAP, LX, SAGE

schivor anes

Accountant , 10/2014 #4 Current Company Name iA City , State

Manage Construction in Progress Accounts, depreciation, additions, transfers, & dispositions of tangible and intangible assets.
Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.

Reconcile the fixed assets subsidiary ledger and generate monthly ad hoc reports to effectively complete the monthly roll forward.
Record and maintain capital leases.

Create and monitor a system of controls, procedures, and forms for the recordation of fixed assets.

Assist with fill cycle accounting and financial reporting for month end close Prepare multiple balance sheet reconciliations.
Perform research and analyses to determine trends, estimates, and significant changes for various P&L accounts.

Manage property tax statements and update monthly accrual.

Collaborate and nnintain strong working relationships with the field as well as corporate finance and other corporate departments.
Provide support, research, analysis, and information reporting as needed to the Regional Finance Directors, Plant Controlkrs, Operations
Management, and Corporate Finance.

Assist with interim & annual audit.

Work on special projects and prepare ad hoc reports and analysis as needed.

Senior Staff Accountant , 01/2013 i 10/2014 Company Name 14 City , State

Performa significant role in month-end close including preparation of production reports, journal entries and account reconciliations.
Analyze financial transactions and assist in the preparation of balance sheets, P&L's and other financial reports.

Ensure that transactions are coded accurately and financial reporting integrity is maintained.

Review & analyze monthly product cost as well as publish and analyze monthly budget vs.

actual reports.

Manage Construction in Process Accounts, fixed assets, depreciation, additions, transfers, & dispositions of fixed and intangible assets.
Conduct annual physical inventory for fixed assets for manufacturing plants, distribution centers & galleries.

Compose Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements for parent company.

Generate Intercompany Foreign Currency Financial Statements.

lO) oataletbicueralems intel eniasela

Cakulte year-end raw materials inventory for manufacturing facilities.

AU Hers ore Keene Biehl a ecicR Rec cnsHaLe tee NU ecuslEgutiin

Assist controller with interim & annual audit.

Provide consequential analysis and support, ad hoc requests, projects and other duties assigned by the Director or VP of Finance.
Review and explain variances to budget/forecast for production on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis.

Staff Accountant , 02/2009 is 12/2012 Company Name 1% City , State

Prepare journal entries for expense allocations, accrual, corrections & adjustments.

Manage master data in ERP system for all new inventory items.

Prepare wire transfers for processing of inter-company payments.

Process monthly sales commissions and commission Transfers.

Prepare the budget forecast for annual capital budget for all construction in process accounts.

Prepare bank account reconciliations.

Prepared, examined, or analyzed accounting records, financial statements, or other financial reports to assess accuracy, completeness, and
conformance to reporting and procedural standards.

Developed, mnintained, and analyzed budgets, preparing periodic reports that compare budgeted costs to actual costs.

General Ledger Specialist , 05/2001 i 02/2009 Company Name 1% City , State

Post daily journal entries to general ledger.

Reconciled fixed asset accounts and other balance sheet accounts.

Reconciled teller daily balance sheets and prepares summary worksheet Prepared weekly FR2900 Regulation D Federal Reserve
Requirement Report.

Assisted in the month-end close and year-end close Analyze and correct all bank account reconciliations Execute wire transfers Assist with
pon RCas Eesha

Perform other job-related duties and special projects.

Education
