FINANCIAL ACCOUNTANT
Summary

CPA Financial Accountant specializing in financial reporting and analysis. Successful at managing multiple licensing and royalty reporting with
international corporations, such as Disney, Warmer Brothers and LEGO.

Highlights
© Tertiary qualified:

IW

with Master Degree in Accounting, CPA Licensed with 5+ years’ experience in financial reporting, and management
Plewennunuan
¢ International
experience:
en WNmOninelmncrstrer cm ncanetecrcncdsilinut i orels Coae nrc.

ERP/AccountingA systemsA Proficiency; Advanced utilization Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel.

Ce Koo nires)|
ceil oLa

PTW WN
Accomplishments

* The company has been awarded by Disney and Wamer Brothers as top 10 licensee in Asian Pacific Region and licensee of the year 2013,
2014, My team has been awarded by the board in the meeting.

© As the chefaccountant for licensing, I have re-modeled an Excel controlling summary tool to monitor the usage of the minimum guarantee
am biel desl becicieccueicace

¢ Re-modeled divisional comparison in P&L.

schivor anes
05/2012 to 05/2015
Financial Accountant Company Narre 1% City , State

* Financial Reporting : Accountable for the provision of accurate, timely and efficient financial reports on behalf of management to lodge
financial statements (B/S, P/L, Cash Flow and Others Specific Reports) within the Group and also to the external parties ApplyingA AUS-
IFRS Accounting standards and Company Accounting PolicyA across various transactions and accounting issues. A A

* Royalty Reporting: In charge of 150 plus Royalty Reports, Monthly or Quarterly reporting to Warner, Brothers, Mattel, Disney, Lego ete.
global brands; A Verify sales reports with Licensing Contracts, Royalty Rates, CMF/ BDI, Other Marketing Funds etc. Royalty, Payment /
Withholding TaxA A

09/2011 to 05/2012
Assitant Accountant Company Name iA City , State

* Cash flow/ Foreign Currency management Foreign currency Managerrent: Options and Swap Management of the banking fimetion including
daily Banking Reconciliation for the group Accounts. Staff Expense management Concur -SAP staff sel report system/ Company Cards
Management

© Leadership and support of the International Logistic. AP, AR and payroll fimetions Oversees Accounts Payable /Accounts Receivable
EN ls Cretrcm icra nel MOoeceleacM nib ilacrdbera Peuchexeg lier a Ob ire livalecos acini ence temtnre ice

08/2008 to 09/2011
Assistant Accountant Company Name i City , State

Sringeri eres ym uBlestne spe le lecwly ems ecud hice

Preparing, verifying, processing invoices and coding payment documents;

Preparing batches of invoices for data entry and ensuring accuracy and completeness of data;
Completing banking and invoicing through the MYOB and RMS operating systerrs;
Recording all cheques and maintaining the general ledger;

Maintaining accounts receivable and payable;

07/2007 to 08/2008
FeO itech O eam Aen sina Ni at OUN mee (a

* Taking bookings
