ACCOUNTANT
Summary

Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors. Well informed accountant adept at
supplying quick responses to financial inquiries from internal managerrent and potential clients.Creative accountant equipped with a broad
knowledge of concepts and strategies to yield the best possible financial outcomes.

Highlights
Periodic financial reporting expert General ledger accounting skills

Tnvoice coding familiarity Compkx problem solving

Strong communication skills Account reconciliation expert

schivor anes

PACU nels

July 2012 to October 2015 Company Name i City , State

Thave worked at Shantilal Gala & Company (Nairobi, Kenya) which is an Audit firm, since 2nd July 2012.
T was employed as an Accountant in the Fim

Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.

Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice ofp weekly and monthly.
Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system.
(Oo) srl rletRonicr OV ANE NeC nang snot eae LeTmOLenIUCm icenecccce

Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.

Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.

(Oo) srl rletRonicr OV ANE NeC nang snot eae LeTmOLenIUCm icenecccce

brairestbeny
Select One
Bachelor of Arts : Business Studies , 2014 University of Greenwich i City , Kenya

Completed the Bachelor's degree in Business of Arts - BA Honors Business Studies achieving a Second Upper Class Honors.
© The units included in the Academic Session (2012/2013) are as follows:

> Managing Strategy - involves the formulation and implementation of the major goals and initiatives taken by a company's top management on
behalfofowners, based on consideration of resources and an assessirent of the intemal and external environments in which the organization

competes.

> International Business Management - involves the understanding for an international career in various industries. Today's world revolves around
business. Networking on a global scale and recognising opportunities, or creating them yourself: International Business Managerrent brings one a
step closer to success on an intemational level

© The units included in the Academic Session (2013/2014) are as follows:

> Small Business Development - involves the process of how to own corporations, be into partnership and become a sole proprietors. These kind
of developments are common in many countries, depending on the economic system in operation.

> PPD3 - Themntic Independent Study - the research and critical thinking skils from Personal and Professional Development (PPD) 2 and build
upon their research proposals. This unit helped me to understand the intricate relationship between theory and practice. Improved my self
Fieatesye ter SOROS atin emo) sTiilecm nelaue abate e Bere ticle em

Association of Business Executive : Business , 2013 Oshwal College i City , Kenya

Completed the Association of Business Executive. This associate had levels and units as follows:

Certificate im Business - Level 3 includes the following units:
