ACCOUNTANT
Executive Profile

LO) Se ena ee MESS ate) cee mee ian Mee cu Melc LLC wea CoS LOL Geko
accounting software and processes. TeamrorientedA who prepares clear, comprehensive financial reports for executive-level management.
Dynamic and highty qualified with extensive knowledge of accounting principks.

Hyrviecs er Mal CenOsiieicel

* Researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed.

© Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.

© Maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
fst Leis

© Knowledge of double-entry accounting method and casl+ basis accounting method.

Skills
© Analytical reasoning © Effective time management
© Budget forecasting expertise} * Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)
© Account reconciliation expert «Strong organizational skills
© Financial planner © Excellent managerial techniques
Aug oanan at acs
04/2017 to Current

Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software. Performed fick! audits on
wide variety of clientele using Quick Books System Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of
bank transactions. Compkted monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for more than two dozenA companies. Managed accounting
operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations. Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.

02/2017 to Current
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Evaluated accounting requirements during discovery meetings with potential clients Provided reliable and timely project by project expense,
Capitalization, amortization and spend data for all departments. Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.

POET 0)
Eee og nam Ge ecliva Nit Ry /RONb mm ye LC

Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed. Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on
paper. Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system Entered weekly sales and customer
count sheets for review by management. Processed payroll, ekctronic deposits and employee pay adjustments. Researched and resolved
collections and billmg disputes with tact and efficiency.

POET 0)
Controlkr Assistant Company Name 14 City , State

Maintained compliance with company and legal requirements. Completed quarterly and yearly audits. Systematically prepared documents and
asservbled financial statements for independent auditors. Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.
Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts whik under tight deadlines. Collaborated extensively with auditors during
LCE Rucsarce ET aims ceeecstecs

05/2010 to 08/2016
Controller Company Name 1 City , State

Restructured and analyzed Profit Software System to improve budget reporting. Thoroughily reviewed financial statements and tax audits to correct
any discrepancies. Revised and streamiined inefficient work procedures with automation software. Educated management on strategies for
minimizing tax liability, Reviewed all tax retums prepared by individual departrents before approval. Supplied detailed tax documentation needed
to submit accurate corporate retums. Reviewed program needs and recruited qualified stafi

Language Skils

Cee ssinebal boys S yell
© Fluent reading/writing Portuguese.

[Gciliveduerce ek Oreden talc
Certified Public Accountant CPA - # 138.882 (2014-2015 Venearl)
