GENERAL ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

T have around 6 years experiences in the field of Accounting & banking works, with Egyptians and foreign companies, I'mreally honored to
introduce myselfas a hardworking, good Communication skill, with the highest level of integrity, honesty, loyalty, strong belief, goal orientated,
Peas ice trem kiesned obo ueck ied cia aly eR Ee

PNvotte eect

Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghafar Ahmed) Final accounts and Balance Sheet Ability to deal with the accounting program (QuickBooks). Ability to make
the financial statements, accounting cycle by excel. Skill with Microsoft word. Skillfilness with computer.

A Snacnaraned

06/2014 to 10/2016

Company Name

[Xonar doncncarenomcunnarsnces Need Pl eee cay le yi arey

Checking requests for opening an account and make sure it's compatible with the Egyptian standards for opening an account.
Serving 50 branches per day and compkte nearly 500 accounts per day.

Customer Service at Green Towers Egypt, Alexandria.

e
ry
oy
e

03/2013 to 05/2014

Dealing directly with customers either by telephone, electronically or face to face.
Respond promptly to customer inquiries.

Handk and resolve customer comphints.

ere ee nae ROMANO H Ta LeLy

Noah ebracgatiameeennce

stn

E-mnilHassan_aly1014@yahoo.com Mobile phone -{ +2) 01207673477 Process orders, forms, applications and requests.
ON veticm One AC br cagurc ium Unre ines

Manage customers’ accounts.

I coed ene Ko cer amnarabencenemtcticslaLeice

Record details of inquiries, comments and comphints.

ewe le Reartlee taba once

Maintain customer databases.

ee

10/2011 to 02/2013
General Accountant Company Name i% City

Job Description:

MI eS mieten ecnnnuies eee Riba mr eancl monn aeaeaa DV nusiud
Prepare reports weekly and monthly for revenues and expense.

rca karinccn

Compkete general ledger operations.

Account/bank recorciliations.

Review and process expense reports.

Assist with preparation and coordination of the audit process.

08/2010 to 09/2011
(Cron Patcmeniicl aon ssa NCE

Job Description:.

Preparation of Financial and accounting reports and their presentation to the Financial Manager.

ercc oe oMe Reo CANS H enue Oe ian cnt (hoc naices

arguement con

Compkte general ledger operations.

Account/bank reconciliations.

Courses: Has fiilfilled all requirements for final accounts and Balance Sheet and contracting accounts in guide for accountant center with
grade excellent.

Ce ee ee eT

Education

May 2010

Trained as Accountant in Walid Hamdy Hashem office for Account solution from Jan Alexandria University

Personal Information

Full Name: Hassan Aly Aboulch Marital Status: Single. Military Status: Exempted

Pur cd

PNrly a ielnom nut Mm Cues biee mnie Ese cae Deaices

Skills

Plea NU Uw Nomen c NC em Sct aS pede ecueballlencmem eco ce oremeen ys TiCm Oram aan comh nines ana
