PROJECT ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Obtain a position ina professional organization where I can apply my skills and loyalty in exchange for career guidance, training and opportunity
soma inaarana

Core Qualifications

Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access). FCR: Online Application for financial transactions.
schivor anes

July 2012

to

December 2013

Company Name City Project Accountant

© The project finded by USACE- United State Army Corps of Engineers Performed weekly Cash Counts and monthly Bank account
reconciliations and reports back to the MTN / DC hone office project accountant.

¢ Entered all transactions into the WEBFCR and uploaded backup to the WEBFCR ona daily basis Prepared cash flow projects for

upcoming months (Cash forecast) and submitted the budget request every month.

Uploaded all vendor/ contractor voices to IMS and Ensured all payments are made ina timely mamer to vendors and employees.

Ce ay EB e nab mee mcnineeHOnonintmicclal ene Rairics lune m line iCtMalannCOncieec netic

February 2011

to

June 2012

Company Name City Subcontract Accountant

© The program fimded by USAID- United State Agency for International Development Reviewed all supplicr/subcontractor invoices, bill and
requests for payment transfer fiom LBG-B&V office to be reviewed and approved by Contract Manager, Task Order Manager and Chief
ala

¢ Kept track ofall sub-contracts documents, all payments confirmations sent from Head Quarter (DC office) and reviewed vouchers for wire
transfer from Headquarter DC.

© Prepared all vouchers (disbursement, Cash, Bank and Advance journal vouchers) for expenditures and ensured that expenses are

reasonable, allowable and allocable to the project, and coded all payments by account type using the GL Accounts.

Preparation of weekly financial reports with Backups and send to HQ.

* Responsibk to disbursement of all B&V Cash Payments and Petty Cash, Cash Book, Bank book and other B&V financial Activities.

A rerzU Le)

to

Noverber 2010

Company Name City Administrative & Finance Coordinator

© The project finded by USAID- United State Agency for International Development Organized and preparing technical, administrative and
binary bess

© Facilitated the lodging arrangements for any visitor, book flights for local and intemational staff traveling to the field and local transportation

for international visitors.

Maintained record keeping system ofall office administrative and financial files.

Handled the sending, receiving and distributing ofall correspondence between the Kabul and Washington DC; served as the main point of

contact for EDC/Washington.

¢ Assisted in purchasing mnterials for training workshops and other activities.

© Prepared payments for the procurement of materials, equipment, fimiture and stationary for the project on timely basis.

© Prepared monthly and regular reports of Expense Vouchers, Advance Vouchers, and Bank Vouchers.

September 2006

to

May 2010
Adiinistrative Officer

« CETENA GROUP 4€“ Kabul, Afghanistan Developed a filing system, established, and maintained a standard system to ensure Fiks
tracking of IED (Improvised Explosive Devices) Project.

© Organized data and information, prepared and maintained records, documents and control plans for the monitoring of IED (Improvised
Explosive Devices) project.

© Facilitated new/ extend visa for the International Staff, follow-up with the flight booking, confirmation and cancellation and ensured the work
SERCH Pe RV csB Om nor cere Ticm Woteaiiog omer Om

¢ Performed other Administration duties.

brairestbeny
12016
Virginia International University Mastera€™!s in Business Administration (Intermational Business) Expected spring
