ACCOUNTANT

Highlights

-Soft Skills: Public Speaking, Public Relations, Team Building, Project Management, Procedure writing, Staff Supervision and Managenent,
Ability to interface with professionals on all levels. Accomplisrents, Honors, and Activities - Board of Directors Member for the Food Bank of
Corpus Christi from November 2010 to April 2013. -Held Life Insurance License -Basketball Official (Referee) High School Varsity Level.
Accomplishments

FAC HSH CHCM SRO NMEILe Bare ul be

schivor anes

PACU nels

August 2014 to May 2015 Company Name 1% City , State Perform daily and routine accounting fictions for two main companies and five small
royalty companies. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Accounts Payabk, Accounts Receivable, Manage and reconcile
fimds for multiple banks accounts, Payroll, Perform detail audits and adjustments of Balance sheet and Income Staterent accounts, Audit and pay
monthly Saks Tax, Inventory Reconciliations, and Budgeting,

Die awACiUcicl nen oli em

February 2014 to June 2014 Company Name i City , State Managed and assisted the Accounts Receivabk, Accounts Payabk, and HR/Payroll
staff for our district, with daily entrees, follow-up, and reporting as needed. Prepared and presented daily reports to various departments for more
accurate management of the financial areas of their operations, such as inventory, Purchase Orders, and Bill of Lading. Performed accounting
fimctions in On-Base, AX, Avantis, and Microsoft Office software.

Business Manager

January 2005 to February 2014 Company Name i City , State

© Managed the operations for a $1.2 million dollar partnership. Duties included planning, overseeing and directing accounting, logistics, and

FSCS Tae oR cee em Red omc MT em AMMe One nny ics

WW Aleyiccke om el) Qu so cPeCCC Cm rem aney cor coh cc kee ache

Administered Government contracts for USDA Food Aid with gross revenue up to $1.5 million anmually (net income $500K).

Upgraded company's software to integrate bill of assembly to interface with accounting software.

ZovOrnrecbeitcrescmeves terme ome ecnecmlecRieceaal esterase cee tiem

Performed regular physical inventory audits.

Supervised bookkeeper all aspects of the accounting cycle including Payroll, AR, and AP. Operations fimetions:

Oversaw and directed the warehouse supervisor, warehouse maintenance supervisor and up to 20 employees to assure optimum production

of personnel and facility.

* Communicated with logistics suppliers such as the Railroads and various trucking companies, governmental agencies (such as the USDA),
customers and vendors to assure on time receiving, production, and shipping of goods.

© Created, implemented and managed our company's Food Safety and Quality Assurance Programs, including a fifty page Food Safety

Guide. 2383 Suwanee Pointe Drive

Bi roveci il om ef W LHe)

361.563.7084

Ciel serseucneu omnia’

Siethina elena

January 2003 to January 2004 Company Name i City , State Provided personnel solutions to various organizations for their Accounting and
Administrative needs. Interviewed and advised employees in various aspects of their professional career process. Earned sales bonuses within my
first three months with the company.

FXowt ieee alco m

January 2002 to January 2002 Company Name i City , State Assisted Controller in various aspects of the accounting cycle. Supervised new
member billing clerk and cash receipts clerk. Helped with computer and networking issues ina Windows NT/XP environment. Implemented
changes and procedures through two software upgrades in CSI software. Trained various staffin effective use of MS Excel. Audited Corporate-
billng accounts.

General Merchandise Department Manager

January 2000 to January 2002 Company Name i City , State Supervised and trained employees for strategic ordering and merchandising
PCCM S ORO Ue kul ecw eRUEHnnie Rune diunanioeed hic Oeilict Raed gceb atte eeasntirannihgnei cme aeciook Om ice
inventory every 6 months.

Accounting Software Consultant

January 1998 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State Consulted users of DacEasy accounting applications in Software training,
troubleshooting, setting up their entire automated accounting system, and establishing accounting procedures for their business. Trained other
departments in proper accounting procedures, worked closely with CPA's for all tax related issues and coordinated payroll processing with an
BITC Ces ANU LO ESS CCETD

PACU nels

January 1999 to January 2000 Company Name 1% City , State Full Charge Bookkeeper/Accountant for a start-up Internet Telephone Company.
Entered daily GL transactions. Supervised the Accounts Payable clerk. Worked with the Assistant Controller to establish and manage the
Accounting fictions related to all Sales aspects of the business. Assisted with month end reconciliations. Reconciled cash balance reports for five
bank accounts on a daily basis and assisted in the managing of these accounts. Other duties included writing Accounting procedures for Accounts
Payable and Cash Managenrnt.

brairestbeny

Master of Arts : Christian Education Dallas Theological Seminary 14 City , State , US Master of Arts in Christian Education - Dallas Theological
