ACCOUNTANT

Summary

15 Years of experience in Account receivable and Account payable field and other related accounting fictions. STRENGTHS: . Detail oriented
with ability to nmaintain high level of quality. . Excellent written and verbal communication skills and abk to prioritize. . Abk to identify, and define
problem and take corrective measures. . Trustworthy, ethical, hardworking, and meet deadlines. . Ability to work effectively in team and
independently. . Flexible and adaptable, willmgness to eam new skill, and accept new tasks. . Ability to maintain confidentiality at all times.
Articulate [Job Title] driven to succeed. Strategic planning and client relationship management expert. [job tite] with more than [number] years of
experience planning, developing and implementing [program or process] . Creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to
development. Talents include [areas of expertise] . Analyst with extensive experience in [Fields] . Proficiencies include [Skill set I] and [Skill set 2]
. [Job Tithe] with background as [Job Title 1] and [Job Title 2] looking to join a growing entrepreneurial organization as part of the Executive team
Results-oriented, strategic sales professional with [Number] years in the [Industry] industry. Articulate Job Titk] driven to succeed. Strategic
planning and client relationship management expert. [job title] with more than [number] years of experience planning, developing and implementing
[program or process] . Creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to development. Talents include [areas of expertise] .
Skills

© Results-oriented

© Results-oriented

Ce Ovarltorpisscanasd

© Clint-focused

¢ Excel in [areas of expertise]

© Proficiency in [area]

schivor anes

Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Conducted analysis to address [issue] which ed to [positive outcome] . Increased sales by 17% over a two-year period. Provided onsite
training. Monitored multiple databases to keep track ofall company inventory. Successfilly led key projects which resulted in [positive
Cie EO cu <clESee CCS ACCh AT hn ccoen emai ra leno eM ci amuecciiacemccinyicmsiheRuiiiintvd
financial departrent.

Documented receipt of data and checks received and docurrents and evaluates results and finalize utilizing the accounting system.
Deposited all checks received in financial departrent to the bank on a daily basis, and maintained log for firther verification and follow up.
Handkd all cash receipts, wire transfers ,and ACH, entered in accounting system, and distributed to accountants for cash applications.
Prepared journal entries for foreign wire transfers and foreign cash receipts and send processes through treasury operations.

Generated cash receipt journal on daily and monthly basis, and maintain files with supporting docurrentation in accordance with company
policy and for auditing purpose.

Investigated and cleared any outstanding accounts receivabke through bank, treasury department for yearend closings in smoothly and timely
manner,

Communicated to brokers, bank, treasury operations and accountants for any discrepancies through phone, E-mail, and correspondence
Bineiieati Loo

© Performed bank reconciliations monthly.

* Resolved and met any queries with in the financial department, and help to clear open cash receipts by providing receipt number and
home Cer enE LORIE Oeranean

Accounts Payable duties:

* Handkd and processed all accounts payable checks through treasury operations and mailed with supporting documentation on a daily basis.
© Recorded all accounts payable transactions, in accounting system and distributed to accountants for cash applications with in the financial
loosen ana

Processed all outgoing wire transfers requested by accountants in a timely manner, through treasury operations and entered for cash
applications.

© Generated cash disbursement journal on a daily and monthly basis, and file with supporting documents for future reference.

PV CieetEe OS Oe Uber eNOR Le oe tiecn QORioM Meee eR Paaai nnn Cee uncer Omiilos
BTA SCR ees EN Lnee nists em

Developed and maintained relationship with bank, claims, accounting personne!s, treasury operations for the smooth handling of account
receivabks and payables.

Take steps to nmke assigned job accurately and efficiently .

Education and Training

Associate Degree , Accounting National Education Center 14 City , State Accounting

Bachelor of Science degree , Accounting University of Kerala India Accounting

als

accounting, accounting manager, accounting system, accounts payabk, accounts receivabk, auditing, bank reconciliations, cash receipts,
docunentation, E-muil, financial, mail, payables, personnel, processes, maintain files, spreadsheet, phone, treasury, written, yearend
