ACCOUNTANT
Summary

Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.Capable Accountant successful at
mmnaging multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.

Perentens

Account reconciliation expert
Ccreribctnomeun natn
working on SAP tool and HFM
Account payable Specialist
yAAveliugled

Expert in customer relations

1D Otley eae sNnau
Compliance testing knowledge

Accomplishments

Achieved cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes.

Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.

Extensive experience with Financial Statements audits, reviews, compilations and audits for Governmental organizations (A- 133).
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payabk, accrued expenses and line of credit

fst Leis

Researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed.Reduced the open invoice cycle time from days developing new
dispute reporting procedures.

schivor anes

Performs routine accounting activities such as mmintenance of the general ledger, preparation of various accounting staternents and financial
reports and accounts payable or receivable fictions.

Accounts Receivabke experience with focus in Cash Application and/or Adjustrents Process day to day AP; to include matching, reviewing
for proper approvals and G/L coding, researching and entering invoices.

HFM reporting including balance sheet profit and loss statement etc.

Run weekly checks, match, mail and file copies.

Use Root AesciBiet hit elicsioseam

Work closely with other departments and outside vendors.

AY Gtarabe marae oom

Assist with month-end account reconciliations and journal entries.

Cross train with A/R to process invoices and deposits Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

May lead and direct the work of others.

Company Name January 2016 to January 2016 Accountant

Maintain of Cash book.

Maintenance and Finalization of Annual account Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statement.

Billng And Realisation From Debtors Verification of Expenditure Bills and Traveling Bills.

Salary JV Verification.

PV AOUUEU ee Uh NMOL eed Tae Leama rontoLccE Hehe lien ited OM bel eis Stim ere \ny celLem

Company Name January 2016 to January 2016 Consultant

Prepare journal entries and ensure reconciliation are compkte.

Review general edger to ensure proper accounting is in place Process pay application invoice and payment.

General edger Reconcilation and adjusting entries.

Reconcihtion bank account accurately and in a timely manner with attention to unusal items that remain outstanding at monthend.
Upload bank statement and Bank revaluation in SAP.

Preparing financial reports in HFM (balance sheet, profit and loss statement, GR. 55, Cyck run) Reviewing Balance sheet and profit and
CRI nIatr ea

Prepaid and accurual booking in monthed.

Monthend quaterend and year end reporting,

Intercompany reconciliation.

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE Vendor creation, edit and reconciliation Stock report preparion Invoice posting and verification in SAP tool.
(vier brancu een Nan

GR/IR ckaring Automatic payment rn in SAP.

RBC oa rraca rine

eR Reni en CRo tense

Ixos invoicing with payment.
