ACCOUNTANT

Highlights

Microsoft Office : Intermediate in all the Microsoft Office components( Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Access); Very familiar with (
Macros, V-look ups, SQL, calculating formulas and manipulating reports as well as smart view) Running query reports and creating reports.
SAP PeopkSoft: Navigate within Resource one to retrieve financial reports and run queries

schivor anes

08/2014 to Current

Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

An accountant within the Experimental Therapeutics Research department, which prepares grant, restricted and non-restricted financial
reports to PI's within the departrent.

Create financial models and analysis for all restricted and nor-restricted accounts within our department.

Prepares monthly financial reports for PI's.

Reconcile the ncRNA Core on a monthly basis.

Assists with the completion of effort reporting as well as completes Job Data Update Form ( JDUF) via the EPAF system and expense
otis o rcp rocscea oe ceed Lae

Assist with the preparation of operating budget.

Assist with financial model for specific grants within our department.

Monitors and reviews departmental transactions to ensure compliance with established financial controls in accordance with divisional and
institutional policies and to ensure applicable revenue and expenses are captured.

Kure om URS MCHC icUne Oke ciucn isisiee herent ec oCsNERbersyatislitte em

Reviews Open PO ona monthly basis and close all PO's as necessary.

Analyzes and evaluates operations of financial systems, prepares recommendations and docurrents to update fiscal services and other
related policies and procedures with respect to operating systems.

FCOORU SIDR el ocean LOANS Oe

Construct a mcro-enabled reconciliation template which significantly reduces keying errors while maximize reconciliation efficiency.
Impkmented a macro-erabled reconciliation template, which increased effectiveness by twenty percent and significantly reduced keying
errors.

Prepares training materials within the departirent to increase productivity and standardized processes.

Completes special projects as assigned by the departrrent Administrator.

PN PAC R20 C)
Staff Accountant Company Name it4 City , State

Full cycle accountant for several operating companies within Sysco Foods Company, completed and issued weekly, monthly, and quarterly
financial statements to the operating companies for review and submit to the corporate office.

Uplaod and run reports in business objects for CFO ofoperating company to review.

Verified journal ledger entries of cash and check payments, purchases, expenses and trial balances by examining and authenticating
sae a mat iom

Prepared monthly P&L for several operating companies within the Sysco Corporation and research variances, reviewed transactions in the
GL for accuracy, and researched transactions that deviate from the purpose of the account.

Reconciled aging AR transactions and performed financial analysis, identified and explained deviations from planned or historical data.
Assisted in evaluating control systems in the accounting process to ensure operating companies comply with GAAP as well as provided the
necessary information to both internal and external auditors on an as needed basis.

Reviewed account reconciliation from other accountants ina timely manner.

01/2010 to 02/2012
Accountant /Auditor Company Name 1% City , State

Served as both an accountant and auditor within the department of financial services.

The role consisted of utilizing software applications to compik, retrieve, and summnrize accounting information for analysis and reporting
ee

Examined accounting source documents for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with departmental and state rules, regulations, and
Byuiee inane

Provided financial trainings for over 240 faculty and staff employees to enforce the rules and regulations of the procurement card set by set
the State of Texas procurement regulation.

Maintained controlling records required to ensure accuracy ofall data entered into the accounting system

Identified and reported situations not in compliance with PVAMU intemal controk, policies, and procedures, recommending improverrents
to the accounting process to optimize internal control.

Performed duties in compliance with GAAP, company and department policies and procedures, internal controls and Sarbanes-Oxky
fpeeniLc tO Ce

Reviewed expense report for irregularities and recommended corrective measures to improve internal controls.

Prepared adjusting and closing entries, statements, and analyze financial operations.

Education
May 2011
