Summary

Thave many years of experience in accounting and finance including: audit, financial analysis, bank reconciliations, accounts payables/receivabks,
financial statements, month and year end reporting, and budgeting

Highlights
MS Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, and Excel (Advanced), Creative Solutions, QuickBooks, Fedielio (Hotels), Sales Tax Express, and
other proprietary accounting software

*Over 18 years of experience in accounting and finance including: audit, financial analysis, bank reconciliations, accounts payables/receivables,
financial statements, month and year end reporting, and budgeting

schivor anes

PACU nels

ATM REORGI ona Ger cn eNcT nl LON MCI HIc)

© Responsible for all accounting processes for 45 clients Perform end-of-period closing processes; prepare financial staternents, and budgets.
* Reconcile bank statements, ledger entries and journal entries.

© Balance sheet account analysis and Profit and loss account and review them Prepare and analyze financial statements and other various
Sous

Collection fimetions for accounts receivables & payables.

PCOS IPN L oes em Onoeiim restr Ceem

Ability to manage multiple projects, priorities, deadlines and budgets.

Working with others on Team to compkete client service tasks timely and accurately.

Review general kedger and make all correcting journal entries Support month-end and year-end close process including reconciliation of
kedger account Complete and submit food and sales tax license documentation for small businesses.

PACU nels
February 2008 to March 2013 Company Nan i City

Performed bookkeeping, end-of-period closing process, prepared financial statements, and budgets.

Managed company financial systems and budget and organized and maintained accurateaccounting records.

Prepared company accounts and tax retums for audit.

Prepare monthly department allocations and related journal entries, as needed Prepare and publish timely monthly financial staterents and

supporting reports Plans and supervises the work ofan accounting unit engaged in the maintenance of Complex accounting,

© records and other activities related to payments of and invoices Support month-end and year-end close process including reconciliation of
PSifuamlewe ties

© Evaluates job performance and monitors and adjusts work load assignments to meet organizational deadlines.

FXowt ieee alco m
January 2000 to January 2007 Company Name i City

© Jourmal Entries including maintenance of recurring journal entries and allocations.

* Account reconciliation and analysis: Prepaid Expenses, Deposits, Accrued Expenses, Investments, Capital Leases, Members Equity, Inter-
company balances.

Journal Entries including maintenance of recurring journal entries and allocations.

Management and supervision of general accounting, intercompany accounting, and payroll accounting personnel including assigned
supervisors, senior accountants and staffaccountants as well as external resources utilized for projects on an as needed basis.

Report on breakeven points by products.

Report on margins by product and division.

Patient eee) euhntesee Mea ort eReicnyMlicheccr ets acre eC lCmencesg lie iccm neo sAIhee-sls0)e

Calculating the job orders.

Staff Accountant Finance manager
January 1996 to January 2000 Company Name i City

© Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close.
© Prepares working papers and coordinate all audit activity Provide guidance ofall accounting processes including billng, A/R, A/P, GL.
© Fixed Assets and Revenue/Expense recognition Controller the daily banking requirements.

© Supports budget and forecasting activities.

© Provide training to new and existing staff'as needed.

brairestbeny

Anticipate Degree : Accounting , Summer 2016 Master in Accountancy 4 City , State, USA GPA: GPA: 3.48

GPA: 3.48
