ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

To obtain a challenging position ina professional and dynamic environment while utilizing my skills and experience to further my career in
Blcwe nated

Core Qualifications

Excel, Word, Access, and PowerPoint *Knowledge of SAP system

schivor anes

PACU nels

March 2001 to Current Company Nan i City , State

© Document monthly close procedures and recommend and implement new processes as needed.

Govern inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts and perform analysis including cash settlement on a monthly basis.

Balance inter-company and reinsurance recoverable accounts before the close of the balance sheet.

Prepare Inter-company wire transfer requisitions for manager approval and subsequently complete the cash settlement forecast for the
acta eiC cl Pae

Validate cash settlements through the treasury report to ensure that all wires have been processed.

© Commumicate inter-company settlement status to senior managerrent.

Prepare and post the accounts payable and paper settlement journal entries for the subsidiary companies that are 100 percent reisured by
the parent company.

* Complete account reconciliation by the alert reporting deadlines.

Prepare a business summary analysis (BSA) for inter-company and reisurance recoverable accounts ona quarterly basis and submit the
BSA to the corporate accounting department.

© Approved SAP account requests from multiple departrents.

PACU nels
FNL CRON Cud MALU RO ena NTO INS

¢ Assisted in budgeting the annual expense plan and other accrual analysis for Allstate Motor Club.

© Completed monthly close procedures including investrrent activities, bank reconciliation, income tax provisions, and analyzing accounts.

CPA Een icler enum miclmORinies inane) pons cce oka tieed lili Lem LOO eeIic enc) shay LccCMm ele slee tO Occy
tax lability, and other financial activities.

© Reviewed finance statements during month-end closing process and documented any month end close issues.

Staff Accountant/ Lease Administrator
June 1996 to April 1999 Company Name 14 City , State

Completed month-end close procedures and prepared and posted monthly journal entries.

Assisted with month and year-end closings included downloading and uploading information from the corporate system.
Prepared and analyzed monthly financial statements.

PAM eckiLeseniimenlesinmotmarce a euccin ame ieacscae Rieu a)

Managed the accounting fiction including general ledger and rent and lease documentation.

Analyzed and reconciled balance sheet accounts.

Reviewed and prepared real estate, sales-used, and personal property taxes.

Managed fixed assets including deferred and amortized account activities.

Audited accounts payable and 1099 reports and implemented necessary changes.

Assistant Chim Approver
July 1992 to June 1996 Company Name iA City , State

Reviewed insurance chims to determine that insured and medical service providers submitted all pertinent information.

Reviewed insurance chims to determine whether they were covered under the appropriate insurance plan.

Evaluated medical charges and/or benefits for reasonableness.

Processed and approved insurance coverage such as PPO, Medicare, Medicaid, indemnity, and renal dialysis.

Penance Leen RCC urate Cae rele

Responded to inquiries from medical providers and members regarding the insurance chims to resolve issues in a professional and timely
manner,

Prepared ktters or memoranda when required.

* Processed requests from primary care physicians for authorization of specialty referrals.

Hyves d@)norieg
September 1991 to July 1992 Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Processed and balanced customer's deposits and withdrawals on a daily basis.
© Prepared necessary adjustments to customer or teller transactions.

Billing Associate

September 1988 to October 1990 Company Name 1% City , State
