KOPN FCCC IVEY

Si

Tend
Professional accountant with an outstanding work ethic and integrity seeking to make a valuable contribution utilizing strong analytical,

organizational, communication, and computer skills. Summa Cum Laude graduate with BBA in Accounting *Eight years of accounting experience
*Three years of public accounting experience in governmental auditing *Five years of private industry accounting and tax experience “Experience
utilizing Microsoft Office, Microsoft Dynamics AX, CaseWare, Ohio Auditor of State GAAP Reporting System, OneSource, SBT, SysPro, and
Crystal Reports *Ohio Notary Public (Commission expires February 15, 2021)

als
© Analytical reasoning CMe ekesustilraicenal icles}
* Compliance testing knowledge © General ledger accounting
© Effective time management © Superior research skills
CR drocerteem cl cruce tr a me ote) om calertel since
schivor anes
Staff Accountant

January 2016 to Current Company Name i City , State

Responsible for managing collections fom customers by evaluating payment plans, payment history and, ifneed be, contacting a company’s
ool cut oietonsiranaen ue vee itunes

Overseeing customer accounts and maintaining working relationships between a company and its clients are essential tasks for an accounts
rece ycl) kel Ld

generate weekly financial reports to track all accounts receivable.

This includes totaling all revenue and unpaid receivables and constantly keeping financial records up to date.

assist with month-end closing.

generate and send out invoices.

review AR aging to ensure compliance.

investigate and resolve customer queries.

Communicate with clients about billing discrepancies and questions.

Initiate collections on past-due accounts.

COCR ESL ee Rice reat eke enue ey eee aL com

RYatowateconncg
January 2016 to January 2016 Company Name i City , State

Responsible for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with either generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or ona
cash basis for governmental entities.

Prepared asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information.

Reconciled financial discrepancies by collecting and evaluating account information.

Maintained accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures.

Pato es rceB Alri NAN Renard ec eG eia oni cMlne Rimmeinncesd Catia a bekel atl

Preserved good working relationships with clients.

Assisted on audits as needed.

Biba
January 2012 to January 2015 Company Name i City , State

Responsible for preparing sales and use tax returns as well as other tax-related filings including, but not limited to, business licenses, annual
SOU CMINeMUTcLe eC OUCICI LOL

Analysis, formatting, and reporting of sales tax for multiple states for main company and subsidiaries.

ees erie ellca ae te EER a cite

COCR ESL ee Rice reat eke enue ey eee aL com

Personal property taxes and annual retums for multiple states.

Analysis and preparation of local income tax returns utilizing OneSource tax software.

Registration and dissolution of entities with Secretaries of State for mcome and sales tax purposes.

Manage and complete other projects as needed.

Staff Accountant II
RENT PAl ROG awl GRA cat R ALO NmESCL

Responsible for analysis of financial information and preparation of financial reports to determine and maintain records of assets, liabilities,
profits and losses, tax liabilities, and other financial activities.

Responsible for monthly and year-end closing.

Preparation of financial staterents.

Managenent of fixed assets.

Analysis and reporting of'sales tax for multiple states for main company and subsidiaries.

Conduct weekly cash projections for main company and subsidiaries.
