ACCOUNTANT HELPER

Summary

Secking a position as an accountant, utilizing knowledge of general accounting procedures in order to assist the office with its periodic accounting
Fe ened

Highlights

Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Advanced problem solving abilities

Critical thinking

Pest

Excellent mathematical skills

Budgeting

Accomplishments
FeO PO ee
PCO mull gestae Ran micehneiieraraiantmesur) Realise

I cance a

© Investigated and analyzed client comphints to identify and resolve issues.
Scheduling A

* Facilitated onboarding ofnew employees by scheduling traning, answering questions and processing paperwork.
Experience

FXCeOU ahaa
May 2014 to July 2014 Company Name ii City , State

Assisted the Accounting Clerk in accounting tasks: entered A/P and AJR, processed payments, organized client billing folders, procedure
documentation.

Mev ecBecrarl Rei Leckenccos amen nUmi lp yeeecctucelneRecleRar iN

Assisted Accounting Manager with different assignments.

Reconciled bank statements and edger accounts.

Assisted with daily cash balancing,

Major Strengths: Good knowledge of coordinating, monitoring and participating in monthly accounting procedures.
Strong know-how of organizing the preparation of periodic financial reports.

In-depth knowkdge of preparing reconciliation of outstanding payments.

Knowkdge of liabilities and payment obligation.

Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.

OluiiwecB il eMtad yuatRoolcnoc mon cdhcoiceineRosprctKlcabirericn

Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.

Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel fictions and calculations to develop reports and lists.

Cr ee ee

I Barocronmeteana stim 04
Noone w PaO ROni eee na Nba LOINC

* Receive and prepare laboratory sampks for analysis, following proper protocols to ensure that they will be stored, prepared, and disposed
of efficiently and effectively.

© Record data pertaining to experimentation, research, or animal care.

¢ Measure or weigh ingredients used in testing or for purposes such as animal feed and waste.

Operate laboratory equipment such as spectrometers, nitrogen determination apparatus, air samplers, centrifuges, and potential hydrogen

(os Recomm nc vent ice

PAiitaccsnnecer ni Cnaelnes ero ieranlp ce MeOeanueecelre rte peed bia

Maintain or repair agricultural facilities, equipment, or tools to ensure operational readiness, safety, and cleanliness.

Prepare or present agricultural demonstrations.

Respond to inquiries and requests from the public that do not require specialized scientific knowkedge or expertise.
