FCO CONEY

Ss

Accomplished professional with exceptional skills developed in diverse and demanding business settings, delivering outstanding operational and
financial performance. Has comprehensive knowkdge of accounting in distribution, hospitality and service operations. Proven ability to establish
productive relationships and lead, train, and focus stafiS to improve efficiency and accomplish organizational growth and productivity objectives.
Has a strong proficiency in identifying and responding to opportunities that improve profitability.

Pe anen

Financial Staterrents *General Ledgers Analysis *SAP FICO Module

Cash Management *Bank Reconciliations *Peachtree

Budgeting and Forecasting *QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions *Microsoft Office
A/Rand A/P *ADP Payroll *Database

Human Resources * Visual Basic ORACLE

Experience
01/2006 to 01/2014
Accountant Company Name i City , State

e

Management of the finance fictions. Preparation of budgets, forecasts and cash flows. Maintenance of financial kedgers and accounting
processes. Preparation of Monthly P&L and Balance Sheet.

Impkneniation and maintenance multiple escrow accounts to minimize business risk.

Research and resolve discrepancies, consultant billings by interfacing with staff members, vendors, consultants and clients,

Build and maintain financial models for various strategic analyses.

MSnremecarmyainionmcmuccnrs elias branes

LOS ists crue edie ce ube

Ensuring that appropriate systems and intemal controls are implemented and maintained as well as overseeing the payroll process.

01/2005 to 01/2006
Sala Patan scieN Cay ALONE ELC.

Preparation of annual budget, quarterly forecasts, monthly variance reporting, monthly variance analysis, various projects and ad hoc
reporting and analysis.

Responsible for both specific and general financial activities or finctions including assistance in the areas of profitability analysis, operating
Rec C MMIC UK ae ecu eee Um lancer kllvernenaatiia mitre keyg
Prsteateoes| Praue nate Ena iim

Maintenance of contractual documentation and correspondence for all corporate contracts and proposal files.

Reviewing of expenses and revenues vs.

budget and reforecast and analyzing fluctuations.

Me Moone ib bexenedsah eee CouclUneeeUTeneniinen cra any sine calc PEN e Naar ENN Ice Omni Lane
icrecdeCce sore n ie Lene acai cnmey alc ru eee

Managing the databases processes to support financial requests.

01/2004 to 01/2005
Accounting Specialist Company Name i City , State

Ce

Execution of payment for Accounts Payable invoices by verifying transaction information, scheduling and preparing disbursements, obtaining
authorization of payment.

Management of revenue from Sales Orders received; calculation of charges and refiinds; Identification of delinquent accounts and

pein ang Nur Pence

Managenent of A/R and A/P aging in compliance to company standards.

Preparation of monthly financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information.

Maintenance of accounts reconciliation with transactions.

eve) Winer noelnn meena entye cw naive es iieke eb enealce tm ccna oe surance ee fiiran ce

Maintenance of financial security by following intemal accounting controk.

01/2002 to 01/2004
Title Specialist Company Name i City , State

AV ONS LPG ea einexamcncibeomirmiiravencklnevliurbidnnd

¢ Verifies pertinent information in the title search and accompanying docurrentation.
© Resolves probkns relating to missing, incompkte, inaccurate or contradictory infonmtion contained in the title or accompanying

Cleat anual eee

¢ Reviews and compktes all title update requests.
© Communicates ona regular basis with clients, responding to any inquiries.

Manage a comprehensive title examination team including practices, guidelines and processes in accordance with federal/state laws and title
insurance underwriting guidelines.
Manage team of examiners that will review title searches and determine necessary conditions/requirements in order to issue/provide
