GENERAL ACCOUNTANT
Summary
16+ Years Experienced professional in Accounting and Finance seeking an opportunity: Special interest including an Accountant, Assistant
Controlkr position.
Experienced dynamic individual in Accounts & Finance, Budgeting &fimd planning, Auditing, Taxation, Accurate, efficient & methodical in
handling assigned tasks, Proficient in recommending procedures to achieve financial discipline and enhance the overall efficiency of the
organization, excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team and customer relationship management.
Bookkeeper with key strengths in planning, problem solving and customer relations. Familiar with financial reconciliations, general ledgers and
financial reporting.
Highlights
© Monthly Bank Reconciliations.
Month end closing process & Journal entries
Account Payable (A/P)
Account Receivable (A/R)
General Ledger Reconciliations (Debtors / Creditors / Income & Expenditure)
Inter-Company Reconciliations
Fixed Assets Accounting
NCAA Tbe)
MIS, Financials (Profit & Loss / Balance Sheet)
Besar
Cash Flow forecasting & Fund Management
Seiler Ae ecelneRa Lev aNts cic)
eco) Ry esuan end
Statutory Returns & Filling
Internal & Statutory Audits Ms-Office (Word/Excel/Power Point), Intemet, Outlook, Access.
Accounting Software : SAP, Quick Books
Periodic financial reporting expert
General kedger accounting skills
Managerial aptitude
Knowledge of income tax procedures
Fiscal budgeting knowledge
[Or eeeieaibcenned
Strong communication skills
RYN
Knowledge of ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software
Ethical approach to finance
Strong communication skills

Accomplishments

CR MiniccBinetrecc AZM MoO THM PIN RYU Cobenlec ole @larninatla

PN errors Aalto hh eM Ene on rae cNmeincengr sacs OBrien east Ok ered a tiesto d
company's turnover from the Kandh Free Trade Zone on every quarter during my carrier from 1997 to 2008.

© Zero Statutory defaults during the carrier of my service.

© Maintaining healthy relation with government organisations (Sales Tax, Excise & Labour Office).

schivor anes
General Accountant
AE wA Omer LRG inane

© Issued 200 paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis. Monthly Bank Reconciliations Monthly Ledger Reconciliations
Prepare month-end and year-end closing journal entries Inter-company reconciliations of over 10 differen.A Maintained accounts
receivable documrntation electronically and on paper. Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due
diligence. Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and docurentation. Increased efficiency and alleviated work
Joads by creating a new Excel financial recording system Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments. Processed
journal entries, online transfers and payments. Executed quarterly financial reporting on multiple properties. Analyzed cost contro! and
provided timely financial informtion to support corporate goals. Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and
efficiency. Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts from April to [March] . Updated confidential employee banking information with
accuracy and speed. t entities The conversion of proprietary ERP system to Great Pins Compile monthly IFRS , GAAP and non: GAAP
financial statements Preparing financial statements Performad-hoc variance analysis as requested by the Finance Director Perform AR/AP,
colections, and inventory valuation Prepare & forecasting Budget, Cash Flow.

Controllmg on month to month against forecasted figures & providing ratio analysis in financials.

ucserlebrren iim raiertcR abl cekegites

Co-ordinate with Auditors for finalization of financials.

Managing internal & statutory auditors.
