CONTRACT ACCOUNTANT
Summary

More than ten years of progressive experience in manufacturing accounting

Currently preparing for CMA exam; CPA eligible

Strong motivator and morale builder with a positive outlook

Ability to communicate effectively with all levels

Cum Laude graduate with BBA in Accounting and Finance

Exceptional analytical, communication, and leadership skills

Advanced Excel skills

Experience with multiple ERP and Accounting systems - adapt well to different systems

Willing to relocate

BS ania}

Advanced Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Word skills *IFS, Macola Progression, NetSuite, JD Edwards, ADP Payroll, Tool$, Crystal
Reports, Global, FAS- Fixed Asset Software, Vantage, QuickBooks

Accomplishments

Whik at Robbins LLC, decreased month end close froma ten day close to a three day close without compromising the integrity of the financial
olan es

Implemented paperless AP filing system while working at Robbins LLC. This saved a large amount of time during audits or when researching
issues.

Received Robbins LLC's Presidential Award cach year for going above and beyond job responsibilities, creating efficiencies, and cost savings.

schivor anes
Company Name January 2014 to Current Contract Accountant
lena El CG

* Contracted as accountant for client during a maternity leave (Client ERP software NetSuite).

© Bookkeeping for clients and personal taxes.

© Assessed and advised client on internal controls, audit follow up to ensured policy and procedure compliance and efléctiveness.

* Made client recommendation of purchasing card use. Wrote policies and procedures for client-Through rebates and extension of cash flow
peaniceb Psa Roe EMule alicee Rey i

Company Name January 2008 to January 2014 Quality Manager
lena El CG

© Lead a team of direct report quality assurance specialists and inspectors.

© Build Effective relationships with customers, vendors and plant employees.
© Manage product inspections to identify and isolate quality issues.

Cee Dries tlgcon site BOR LIO BLU e

© Zero findings on first plant ISO audit.

CRB Ssireseoi mire ucle nie emrstulecael gsm irene elem

Company Name March 2008 to April 2013 Senior Staff Accountant Promoted to Quality Manager
lena El CG

Responsible for month end closing process for three plants

Cash management

Management ofall AP and AR fimetions

Supervision of AP/AR clerks

Comparative Financial Statements preparation and review for three separate plants as well as consolidated.: Financial statement analysis;
Balance sheet reconciliations; Variance accounts analysis; deep analysis requiring much research
Preparation of Bank Borrowing Base Certificate/ Bank Covenant compliance

Lead semiannual bank audits and financial statement audit

Financial results reporting to President when VP of Finance is unavailable

Year-end inventory audit/verification

Key member of the Robbins Financial Control Committee/intemal control testing
