SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Detail-oriented Accountant with 11 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations.
als

© Strong communication skills

© ERP (Enterprise Resource Phnning) software =» - Budget analysis
PEE Qoirccsuenbwcun nana (Og) * Self motivated professional
© QuickBooks expert « Advanced bookkeeping skills
CENnscreminonlenmoneerl| © SAP expertise
* Account reconciliation specialist CRE O)icxemsiniis
© MS Office Suite
Work History

Senior Accountant 06/2011 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

CW monenaanule nanan niche nnnumsitRarconue ete ceue ck Hiiice thas rilinon tne eRe ncienLe ka poesTece lea

Oversight includes general ledger account activity, gift agreements, schedules, reconciliation, wire transfers, journal entries, and the ongoing
accurate analysis ofall financial activity.

Record monthly investrent activity, including purchases, sales, interest, dividends, fees, as well as realized gains/losses and unrealized
gains/losses.

Submit clear and concise monthly revenue and expense reports to a partnered government entity (Broward County Library), ensuring that
information are precise and compkte.

Assist with annual year-end audit, interfacing with auditors and providing docurentation/explanation as needed.

Uriel ocm eI IA CeCe Om SCN CROHTNm merinAbee suum eelinecce ela ocie Lele

Review and reconcile NSU Museum of Arts monthly financial staterent for senior management review.

Record, verify, and reconcile, weekly deposits for a parking garage revenue account.

Reconcile a cash advance account and reduce outstanding ites by reviewing employee expense reports to determine status of the account
(refimd versus reimbursement).

Prepare detailed schedules and reconciliations required for NSU's Annual Institutional Cost Allocation, which is used for budgeting and
bMashestornoee oa)

¢ Preparation of reconciliations, account analysis, and other materials required for extensive month-end and year-end closing processes.

© Analyzing and reconciling payroll general ledger accounts as well as preparing month-end payroll accrual journal entry.

* Assist in the development and coordination of activities related to mutti-million dollar grants and clinical trial contracts including contract
review, determination of account classification, analysis direct/indirect costs, and process related journal entries.

Respond to management inquiries and assist on special projects or other administrative tasks.

* Created periodic reports comparing budgeted costs to actual costs.

Staff Accountant 12/2005 to 06/2011
Company Name 4€“ City , State
Accounting Clerk 12/2005 to 06/2011
Company Name 4€“ City , State
Accounting Clerk 01/2005 to 07/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Prepared accurate and complete monthly financial statements for senior management, including preliminary work with journal entries,
analysis, and reconciliations to accurately close month-end periods.

Processed bi-weekly payroll, including compilation and input ofermployee timesheets into ADP, prepared payroll tax deposits, reconciked
balances, and performed month-end close.

Coordinated the bank statement review and reconciliation for multiple bank accounts.

Supervised accounts payable fimetion to ensure that correct account codes were used for expense items and capitalization.

Responsible for accounts receivables including analyzing accounts and contacting past due clients to work out payment plans.

Managed fixed asset additions, deletions, transfers, and modifications.

Prepared, processed, and submitted all 1099s & 1096s Federal Tax Forts reflecting the accurate compilation and summary of
employee/vendor data.

Prepared daily and monthly cash flow analysis, Annual Personal Property, as well as Sales and Use Tax Returns for senior management
Ac

brairestbeny

Master of Accounting & Financial Mangement : 2012 Keller Graduate School of Management of DeVry University - City , State GPA: GPA:
3.91 GPA:3.91

Master of Business Administration : 1 2011 -

Bachelor of Science : Technical Management Accounting | 2010 Keller Graduate School of Managerrent of DeVry University - City , State
GPA: GPA: 3.96 nngna cum ude GPA: 3.96 Technical Management magna cum hude Accounting

DeVry University - City , State GPA: GPA: 3.79 GPA: 3.79

als
