ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Results-oriented and organized bilingual accounting and finance professional with 10 + years extensive and diverse accounting, auditing, and
finance experience. Experience in all aspects of financial reporting, accrual, and managerial cost accounting, reporting systems, operational
analysis, and human resources fictions through the acceptance of expanded responsibilities after exceptional performance. Knowledge of
Accounting theory, principles, practices, and regulations, including: FASB/GAAP and SOX compliance. CPA Candidate * Analytical * Problem -
Solving and Decision-Making * Performance and Productivity improvement Teanr building * Leadership * Payroll Accounting * Tax Accounting
* Financial Analysis * Strategic planning * Project and Inventory Management * Staff Management

alg

Work History
01/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

A fill service accounting firm, services include assistance in all tax and business affairs.

Compile and analyze financial information to prepare financial statements for the formulation of corporate tax returns for private and
eoynuciicce rence

Maintaining general ledgers, including posting , adjusting, and closing journal entries Analyze financial transactions to ensure they are
recorded to the appropriate general ledger accounts and make any necessary corrections to journal entries as needed to properly reflect the
financial position of the company.

continued) V.

Mercado, p.

ve

Foust Hem ED Lem eR Tacetd
Company Name 4€“ City , State

One the largest stone and structural steel fabricator in the south suburbs.

Nes ecw re hcecsubns dlrs orianicuicl ers Oririnhene ace Lebed beat iecs vanes mente nieioomalne pian
seston ce

OPV econ icle cor Bieibed Pecans lt ectere Om metro kcoriieratercaeer ssa

Report directly to the owner, providing financial data and analytical reports to maximize profits and cost savings alternatives.
Responsibilities include, Assist with the preparation and coordination of the month/year-end closing by, ensuring financial statements are
accurate and in compliance with Generally Accepted Accounting (GAAP) requirements.

Assist the owner with the production of the monthly financials, managerrent reports, and executive reporting packages.

Responsible for fixed assets managernent which includes entering new assets, booking depreciation, and asset disposab.

Inventory analysis and audit for finished goods and raw materials.

Perform financial analysis, track variances, and profit initiatives to generate profitability reports, full-year forecast report, and participate in
fi cemt ata L opt ncualg econo

evo ri ae nee aod EG enlisgneicweomisnci ata

Manage full cycle of AP disburserments , including bank account reconciliations, journal entries, monthly accruals, and general ledger
Formuhte weekly payroll, year-end W-2s, and ensure compliance with Federal, State, and local taxes.

Prepare tax returns: Sales and Use tax, quarterly, and year-end corporate payroll tax retums compliance with IRS requirements.
Oversee the employee benefits including health, dental, vision insurance, 401k, and commercial insurance.

Playa key role in annual audits through preparation of audit schedules and documentation for extemal insurance auditor.

Participated in various projects to improve process efficiency, overall timeliness and accuracy of financial information.

Participated in the evaluation and development of cost saving and revenue generating opportunities.

Recognized potential problems and implemented innovative solutions.

Trading Assistant , 01/1996 to 01/1999
Company Name 4€“ City , State

a joint venture created in 2003 by the former Nissho Iwai American Corporation.

Metal One America is a supply chain management focused on steel and stec-related products.

Services include global material sourcing, logistics coordination, trade finance, and program management.

Prepared reports, analyzed, and audited internal billing, while coordinating deliveries with accuracy and great attention to detail.

Maintained high level of customer satisfaction through business communications with international subsidiaries in Mexico and Japan in the
preparation of documentation of import and export shipments.

Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.

Improved customer service satisfaction annually through streamlined inventory system operations by performing thorough inventory tracking,
Designed and implemented cost controls to improve profitability.

Negotiated contracts, including delivery point, terms, price, and export and import duty.

brairestbeny

Master of Business Administration : Accounting , 1 2013
LEWIS UNIVERSITY - City , State

[C/G Use sewatcoenninea@ ind shee
