FINANCIAL ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Accomplished accountant and highly skilled controller with 8 years of experience and a keen ability to influence processes integral to company
growth, drive operational excellence and achieve objectives. Expertise in financial statement preparation and analysis, operational management,
forecasting and cost control. Open and clear communicator with demonstrated vision and disciplined execution.

Accomplishments

© Developed and implemented fee calculation for a new hybrid product added to the product pallet (UBS Switzerland AG).

* Assessed accounting system structures and converted company’s accounting system to SAP B1 (Rising Tide Gib).
© Led the developrrent of more than three new financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency (Barclays Suisse SA).
© Impkmented processes that utilised accounts receivable sub-ledger for accounting and customer attribute reporting (UL AG).
* Prepared complex financial statements and interinYannual reports for banks and holding companies (Barclays Suisse SA).
Highlights
© Financial reporting expert « Complex problem solving
CMA Cece slic) CeO nvece inland
Cae g-doriaiiuaiens « Amlytical
© Process improvement « Decisive

schivor anes
AU CR eretacans
Financial Accountant Company Name 1 City , State

© Monitor the net capital of the bank using daily controls.

© Cakulte monthly fees for the client's account maintenance ona monthly and quarterly basis.

* Provide various analyses (variance, intercompany, balance sheet, P&L) using SAP and Avaloq.

¢ Enhance the consolidation reporting in IFRS by optimising the flux of information.

© Colkborate with the Finance team to provide accurate and timely month end reporting by setting up and maintaining planning and task lists.

Pee OR ee.
Business Analyst Company Name 14 City , State

* Provided accurate information for month end journal adjustments for provisions related to Lorrbard credits, non-performing loans,
dit HCCC neciaeen TiCnnar nomad onurecerieatibeweenlicseoe es biartivaem
© Management of transaction error accounts by collaborating with reconciliations cash department to improve the account clearing process.

09/2014 to 12/2014
Financial Accountant Company Name 1 City , State

* Provided reports on the monthly securities position reporting and breaks.

© Performed regulatory reporting for the group and management by analysing the short term liquidity ratio, minimal reserves, capital adequacy,
comprehensive balance sheet, interest rate, retrocessions and expenses.

* Used the reconciliation process to analyse and clear the daily cash account, breaks, fees, interests, expenses and accruals.

© Prepared various financial reporting schedules (daily control, earning analysis, etc)

© Colkborated with IT team in group projects to update systems and other various projects.

06/2014 to 09/2014
PACU IPAs Lae TINA tLe CR /a OLN BENITA Ce

* Performed accounts analysis on the balance sheet and P&L to provide explanations for the variances, reconciliations, intercompany and
accounting close related tasks.

06/2013 to 12/2013
Project Accountant & Administrator Company Name i City , State

© Participated in kading SAP BI implementation by setting up the organisation structure, planning and creating the testing scenario.

06/2012 to 05/2013
Senior Financial Accountant Company Name i City , State

© Prepared financial and regulatory reports required by laws, regulations or board of directors in US GAAP.
© Tracked all intellectual property and royalty spending against approved requests and payments.
* Analysed costs and revenues related to logistics.

PPE RLS 64
Accountant Company Nan i% City , State

¢ Maintained full responsibility of monthly and quarterly financial statement preparation for two subsidiaries.
