RPVND ACCOUNTS
Summary

Flexible Accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies. Committed to keeping accurate
accounting records. Possesses a natural knack for numerical accuracy and calculating balances.

Highlights
© Account reconciliations 7 5
* Cash+flow report generation : Delonas
* ACCPAC earn unting skills 5 * Meticulous attention to detail
© Accounts receivable professional ae en
* Accounting operations professional errant
© Knowledge of Sage iar ene
PERC er ae Descente 9 Profess at poner
© Complex problem solving an ee
° Great Phins uae © Strong interpersonal skills
, rapseneria tina ii © Strong communication skills
ciate Pee lor ecetconamcl Let)
Accomplishments

Ofer B Rc com CeIRY

Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payabk, accrued expenses and line of credit
fst Leis

Researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed. Training

Successfillly trained staff'in all office systems and databases, policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating
Riheae elm tecicn

Professional Experience
Company Name December 2009 to Current Staff Accountant
lena El CG

Prepares general kedger entries by maintaining, coding, and processing records and files; reconciling accounts.

Responsible for recording journal entries, compiles, identifies and analyzes changes in account reconciliations, researching and resolving
variances.

Prepares consolidated intemal and external financial statements by gathering and analyzing information from the general ledger system and
Fieve oemeen ecliLccn

Maintains and balances an autormted consolidation system by inputting data; verifying data.

Analyzes information and options by developing spreadsheet reports; verifying information.

Assisting with financial statement review and preparation, providing support toward interim and annual financial staterrent audits.
Receive, nnintain and control payable for 10 companies for a multi-million dollar corporation, using an internal system to process dissimilar
documents and refimds.

Audit and reconcile purchase orders with incoming invoices.

(QU ine mar tone OPntCuCoR Lone Reones et Minatreticese ch ORs cence ery oem

I Drtnneeeeaee rece Me incr eeTT Oe ecKe MTT enelceen

Record, process and reconcile General Ledger entries.

Drafting correspondence, data entry in various computer systerrs, established a filing systems and record keeping.

Consult with staff to discuss price quotes, technical specifications and other matters to purchases.

Work with the requester to justify using certain vendors, large business or sole source orders.

Provides immediate staffassistance to my supervisor on a variety of confidential and sensitive matters involving operations.

Identifies activities or situations that may adversely impact company plans.

Process payroll for contract employees.

Performs research and consolidates information from various offices and advises supervisor and senior management on recommended
solutions to conflicts or problens.

(Oo ANE PeR ANE OR gana mAb ecco nati OL atd
lena El CG

Bill, sort, verify, and muil out mvoices for over 2000 residential and commercial accounts, monthly and quarterly in Flexibill.
Produce end of month reports.

Compile shut off register for delinquent accounts monthly.

Post payments to accounts.

Answer incoming calls regarding bills.

Reconcile bank statements daily.

Schedule maintenance calls for maintenance team per request.
