STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Virginia Francis

Sip enstad

Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Managed complex accounting
fictions and reconciled accounts involving multiple budgets and fimding sources.

SHOE oa cos mourdrecieulimiec@atlnulesennncee kb eeeiclims Keo ae on em

Supervisor's Endorsement: 4€oeVirginia is a talented individual who possesses a strong work ethic and produces an inordinate amount of quality
work. Her ability to work independently, with minimal supervision, is one of her strongest attributes. She is a strong team phyer.4€ Craig C.,
PS eB en ol MMAtt

be Fra Nia}

¢ Advanced computer proficiency
Ce oneal) shag

Pe Gorerlbadvamenene tig

© Strong organizational skills

© Expert in customer relations

Cir cooliismunreliaiteotonai
CPOE ect
CRB WOU R arto uucilie
COs ante

¢ Effective time management

Experience
Staff Accountant
September 2010 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Cypress Healthcare Partners is a management company for doctor offices. I currently compkte the monthly financials for seven different medical
groups. These medical groups range from two to fifteen doctors. One of the medical offices has eleven clinics and consists of two corporations that
are consolidated into one financial package. I reconcile all the bank statements for these groups which include ZBA accounts. I'm very detailed in
processing the financials for these groups. I record all the general entries, payroll entries, transaction entries, month end and year end entries,
reconcile the balance sheet and income statement accounts, and record the fixed assets and depreciation. I review the financials for compkteness,
trends, and discrepancies. Some of the companies are accrual bases and some are cash. I maintain the daily cash reports and cash flow
spreadsheets. I review accounts payable and when needed process. I process accounts receivabks. I tabulate and send invoices to the hospital
and college for services. I review contracts and make sure the accounting portion is kept in compliance. Coordinated fixed asset additions and
retirements. Prepare personal property and use tax filings. Work with the Accounting Manager to collect and tabulate data for the annual audit. 1
reconcile medical, dental, & COBRA with the monthly statements and the general kedger. I review documentation for correctness and
compkteness. I run monthly reports and verify discrepancies. I complete various other reports for the groups such as a monthly report which gives
an overview of the monthly financials, special allocations, payroll reconciliations, management fee calculations, and changes in owners! equity. I
coordinate with payroll the medical and dental deductions for employees. When needed I help process payroll and add and delete employees into
the medical and dental plans,

Pirie rec
July 2008 to October 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

Directed staff of three and managed accounting, budgeting, HR, and administrative responsibilities at state-operated military academy providng
education and life skills for at-risk youth. Assisted with staff hiring decisions and HR policies and procedures, including interview criteria, benefit
administration, personnel dispute resolution, and leave policies. Reviewed HR documents, dekgations ofauthority, and acting status papers.
Administered multi-million dollar federal and state budgeté€ reviewed multipke appropriations and finding sources and current/previous
expenditures and revenue. Compkted quarterly reports on the federal budget. Audited accounts ensuring expenditures were allocated and coded
correctly. Approved invoices for payment and requested journal adjustments when necessary. Maintained petty cash.

Monitored contractual agreements instituted by procurement officer and maintained procurement authority up to $25,000. Created Reimbursable
Service Agreements between Academy and State agencies and monitored account activity. Monitored and reported Workforce Investment Act
(WIA) budget expenditures,

P Xero len ease saan Ow |
July 2007 to July 2008 Company Nanx 1% City , State

Supervised five accounting staff preparing accounts payable and processing travel transactions for nine divisions within Department of Miltary and
Veterans’ Affairs. Reviewed and certified all AP and travel expenses in Alaska Statewide Accounting System (AKSAS).

PCO Tee RRC e Ne cds ce Ps hg uelrceneperencd emnel hence aay gus oe Mi rerailentinicisl tei cone inate (Seti b rece icant
and kave policies. Reviewed HR documents, delegations of authority, and acting status papers
