ACCOUNTANT
Stn enstard
Ifyou need someone who delivers sharp results, I can help. Well qualified and results oriented Accounting Professional with over fourteen years of
successful experience in positions of increasing responsibility in dynamic entertainment companies. Skilkd at training staffin Accounts Payable and
Receivable and Payroll fictions and creating effective teams.
Sree nny

© Windows XP, Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word), QuickBooks Enterprise 17.0, Timberline, File Maker, POS.

Accomplishnents
COB Rocco m eee Ay

¢ Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payabk, accrued expenses and Ine of credit
fiticsa Leos

Experience
TAU kets canie
Accountant Company Nanx i City , State

Responsibke for all aspects of accounts payabk, receivable and payroll

Banking liaison: reconciled statements, credit card and additional reconciliations.

Month end analysis, closing and production of month and year end financial reporting,
Preparation of monthly commission reports.

Control and monitoring of complex, high volume Production Petty Cash and daily Cash Report.
Hargis eee Cbs

01/2006 to 01/2009
Accountant Company Nan i City , State

Nea ccMinincem emis RIe coe Cnmrarceaneeln sey cccm Team
Oversaw the general accounting department areas: accounts payable, receivable and payroll.
Banking liaison: reconciled statements, credit card, lockbox and additional reconciliations.
Month end analysis, closing and production of month and year end financial reporting,
Preparation of monthly commission reports.

Control and monitoring of complex, high volume Production Petty Cash process.

01/2004 to 01/2006
Junior Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Responsible for all aspects of accounts payable and accounts receivable functions.
Reorganizing and reconciling online based business transactions.

Bank, credit card and other reconciliations.

Wane sl sore Reesid

Managed and trained college interns.

Sra kere Nacd ecm

Sarai eke @ Cbs s

Education

Accounting Phoenix University/US-Florida-Miami Accounting - Present

2003

Sheridan Technical Center/US-Florida-Miami Certificate - Bookkeeping Fundamentals
CUC University /Colombia

eh)

Bachelor Arts Degree : Business Administration Business Administration

bo faranae

Laurel Harris President at Stellarhead (646) 382-8408

David Walton Vice president of Operation at Dogmatic (917) 671-6798

eat

bahanenbsecnn

Nas

General Accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, Microsoft office, Outlook, Windows XP, Word, Excel, Quickbooks Enterprise 17.0,
