ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Inpatient and outpatient records coding specialist with ICD-9, ICD-10 and ASC coding expertise. Familiar with commercial and private insurance
carriers. Secks a position of increased responsibility and authority. Administrative Assistant experienced at registering patients, scheduling
appointments and recording and filing patient medical records. Enters orders and information quickly and accurately. Administrative Assistant
experienced at registering patients, scheduling appointments and recording and filing patient medical records. Enters orders and information quickly
and accurately. Enthusiastic Administrative Assistant with excellent people skills and dedicated work ethic. Strong attention to detail and extensive
knowledge of medical terminology. Medical Coder with [number] years experience in hospital inpatient/outpatient surgery coding. Certified in
ICD-9 and ICD-10. Familiar with commercial and private insurance carriers. Desire a position in inpatient records coding,

Skill Highlights

Knowledge of HMOs, Medicare and Medi-Cal

Online Chim Submission & Electronic Medical Record (EMR) software
POSNUN Reo slttr od

eee ga eit a eS L

ODOM sis OLONy Nene areekei oriole

Hck

Professional Experience

Company Name August 2012 to December 2014 Accountant

lena El CG

ON hi Roca nah anc urecoreielbaniterbelscsimnes ee vonaicererirtccnans corey Meco Er
analyzed information received from inter-departmental systerrs to the G/L to test for inconsistencies/errors and reasonableness.A Researched
accounting transactions to identify and resolve discrepancies.) Reconciled bank and various G/L accounts; created invoices and collected on
overdue accounts.

© Prepared P & L's in addition to various financial and statistical reports for managerrent.

© Performed accounts receivable and accounts payable fimctions, balanced cash, and accurately posted transactions.

* Identified various errors and inconsistences between reports being used to book figures in the G/L; worked with IT to resolve the
discrepancy and new reports were created.

© Improved reconciling variances significantly by closely monitoring cash control of all office locations as well as worked with office practice
managers to make the reconciliation process more efficient and accurate.

Company Name January 2010 to January 2012 Medicare Compliane Coder

lena El CG

Successfully conducted a pilot project -"Medicare compliance coder" that increased the number of payments received while reducing denials and
Cri ie VY. Y

PMc CCRIO Cane iS Gac eC Ck ee RUCee rican eew nse uineilaessuciiksaue acute)

® Acted asa liaison between the business department, billers and third party payers in resolving billing and reimbursement accuracy.
© Rearched and solved claim and billing issues in prompt manner to reduce the number of claims being denied, rejected, or sent to
collections.

Re Denwnstrated knowlalge of PAA Privacy and Sccusity Regulations by appropriately handling patient inbanaion. Retrieved patient medical records from physicians, technicians, or
other medica! personnel to assess the probability of insurance coverage

Re Acquired specific CPT and ICD-9 codes to ensure proper treatment and billing of all detailed procedures

Re Reviewed and processed visits from system-generated work lists, reports, and remittances to insurance companies

SS Peelers Seer o mu mallee ecm geet e clr ey

Company Name January 2010 to January 2012 Hospital Access Representative

lena El CG

Completed registration quickly and cordially for all new patients

Confirmed patient information, collected copays and verified insurance.

ASIA Mo i etecCack a Lem iectvelecconetcieliies Neem naan wed asin ec la6h

Efficiently performed insurance verification and pre-certification and pre-authorization fictions

Demonstrated knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Regulations by appropriately handling patient information.

Received, organized and maintained all coding and reimbursement periodicals and updates. . Quickly responded to staffand client inquiries
regarding CPT codes.A . Quickly responded to staffand client inquiries regarding CPT codes

* Performed quality control of the data entry system to verify that chims and payments were posted correctly.

Company Name June 2006 to June 2016 Patient Financial Representative

City , State Recorded and filed patient data and medical records. Carefillly reviewed medical records for accuracy and completion as required by
insurance companies. Acquired insurance authorizations for procedures and tests ordered by the attending physician. Accurately entered
procedure codes, diagnosis codes and patient informtion into billing software. Consistently ensured proper coding, sequencing of diagnoses and
