ACCOUNTANT

alg

Tivberline, MRI, YARDI, Peachtree, Peoplesoft, OneSite, QuickBooks Microsoft Word and Excel
schivor anes

OCR or @tievang

FXG OOO NEVANU Mo octinan ci cey/LOuN Ese (e

T aman experienced and goa oriented Accountant with a demonstrated track record in preparation and analysis of financial reports to
summarize and forecast financial position.

Independent contributor committed to superior quality, teammvork and proficient internal and external customer service.

An Accountant experienced in driving efficiency, productivity, and implementation of process improvements to support achievement of
overall corporate goals and objectives.

Core competencies include:

Accounting Management.

Cash Management FDH Velocitel provides all the services needed to design, build, optimize, upgrade and maintain broadcast and wireless
sirsk taba ikem

FDH Velocitel develops innovative solutions for evaluating the condition of heavy civil structures, such as bridges, dams and levees.

ley ORLA C)
FXCat nea Elcom Aur NaN nL ALOIS MES HIe)

Responsible for financial management fimctions including preparation and delivery of monthly/quarterly financial statements, and variance
Bra cB Ora ne Ree eea aks

Responsible for processing of general accounting fimctions, balance sheet account reconciliation, time and material and AIA billng for
Cer reN a eLam Vann arteem eRe uney

Responsible for coordination of annual audit and government auditing.

si. orren tee nan nay aetn

Assisted in implementation of percentage of completion reporting for revenue.

Assisted in Accounting system upgrade Northwood Ravin is a kading muttifamily development, construction and property management firm
serving the Southeast.

COS PA0 UE ORS PA0U)
Senior Accountant Company Name 4 City , State

Responsible for property and development accounting for several entities which includes preparation financial statements.

Alea eco AV EBL eaeinsecomcimlitaaaneratcennd h

Responsible for the fill accounting cycle from entering budgets, editing accounts payable, managing entity cash, general ledger reconciliation
Pirebiece reli scnecclaer asin

Monthly duties include sending out financial packages to owners as required.

AY Glaceluom eh Trane

Retail/Parking Deck management accounting.

Prepare annual audit schedules and work with external auditors.

Margaret Brown Page 2.

DO imino os Pence ce

Payment of real estate and personal property taxes.

Prepare personal property tax schedules.

sorely ele ne erst ek Rebate

Prepare draws for bank finding.

Mae er EnLeR Wend iiccsnOciscenp om iaa need

BORE newest cm

Diebold Fire Services provides comprehensive products and services in Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina to meet company’s
fire, security and life safety needs.

SO TeV SCT e20 lt)
Finance Manager/Accountant Company Name 1 City , State

Responsible for financial management fimetions including preparation and delivery of month{y/quarterly financial statements, variance

Ba SCR tLe s18 0 Caesice

Oversight and processing of general accounting fimetions, including AR/AP, balance sheet account reconciliation, billing, payroll, inventory,
job costing, inter-company reconciliation, monthly and quarterly sales and payroll tax preparation and cash management.

Served as a key leader in managing an accounting system conversion from three different ERPs to Solomnn in local offices.

Coordinated efforts mcorporating two local level acquisitions into current business with corporate office.

Developed a phan for segregation of duties among five different locations.

Mid-City Urban, LLC is in the Security Brokers, Dealers and Flotation Companies industry with annual sales of $1M- $5M.

OUR a ree
