SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of
accounting software and processes. Insightful and self-directed with seven years of experience delivering quality. Employed critical thinking skills to
examine issues and develop best practice solutions. Currently working towards becoming a CPA.

Experience

Nyon ew taunt

Septenber 2014 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Founded in 2010, Panda Power Funds is a private equity firm headquartered in Dallas, Texas, which has the ability to develop, Clee TA
Ce Ee Ie ee RLM AcE a ORCL natural gas-fueled power generation facilities. PPF raised a S6 billion PMR CTR)
Fem AR UROL OTT OCR CH Or]

ak
© Prepared financial statements for different projects on monthly, quarterly basis

Prepared journal entries, account analyses, reconciliations and intemal reporting in a four day financial close

ose cesta accom Rzorardi menace der) aye

Assisting with budget preparation and preparing the monthly budget/forecast variance analysis to the P&L

Maintained and reconciled fixed assets schedules

Assisted in writing accounting policies for the key accounting processes

Assisted in implementing EPICOR fixed assets module to replace Excel depreciation scheduks

PAu ea umonon litre sna runcg aul some temslt cnr) aneecten bi-weekly basis including resolving problems and
OPM eRe NzLe ereitestec UB

eeeveveee

Project Accountant
April 2013 to Septerrber 2014 Company Name i City , State

Prepare monthly draw report for various projects - Brandywine, Liberty and Patriot.

Monthly preparation of budget forecasting

Provide support to project management monthly variance analysis for budget forecast.

eA tanecd a sCekod ose Ronan eon ences lait Palate aig stSat tse
Responsibkc for booking and reconciling the inventory, supplies, payroll and cash reconciliation.

Align with corporate and operational initiatives with supporting financial and accounting documentation
Eb lal sonia iitraRnlorenkkenttirc a yom

Responsibk for all projects Accounts Payable process.

eso elem cel OREM A Cara sna CRe

POS IP renlinorika esimens Reema eel ce

Process ADP Payroll for Temple and Sherman O&M & backup payroll specialist for PGS.

GHP Xcwonnntig
September 2010 to March 2013 Company Name i City , State

Maintained full accounting records for a multiple range of clients in the service, wholesale and retail industries.
pe eR CPL Epona aces neRoronsmecoer nian cok tr er nnen a HOMO ReLrom Aye lee rence
eS BOs anne ea ner TRA Crone omt eR ORL Ree steel seen

oe Ee McLo eI clsenitereBiesnaalbondieet bce htccatneccrein tare
er Ne raisnb ere ctnny €eurec lp Ratnad

Assisted in preparing IRS Forms 1120 and 1120S.

Entered invoices and managed accounts payable ensuring the accuracy of financial statements.

es RDaC Logi ncarca min cne Scrat) Rajscwecr ae posting Journal entries.
Weciiske daemon Canine wet e

Ensured filing and compliance with Sales and Franchise Tax deadlines for over 50 clients.

Analyzed, prepared and input Payroll data.

Ensured compliance with all applicable state and federal wage and hour laws.

Mie R Se Senna Ret onme No Romeccero nea omy TWC, W-2/W-3 &1099.
Resolved issues for clients on daily basis.

Ce

Established relationships with client personnel at different levels
PXerlsaree Renna un ence inate tce
© Trained new staff on various different fimetions.

Education and Training

Master of Science : Accounting and Information Management , 2012 University of Texas at Dallas- Naveen Jindal School of ‘Management
CUE MEV cena Ce CRM /CRIBY cer On np eAre Ck rt tls

eee tui cre se Koneninnere Bil onilce i yenatcorne amyAIy UN
