ACCOUNTANT
Summary

Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive track record in demanding sakes and account management environments.
Personabke and responsible Cashier with 2 years in retail and customer service. Solid team player with upbeat, positive attitude.
Results-driven with proven ability to establish rapport with clients.

Pan enS

¢ Strong organizational skills ¢ Account management

Pip calves sane all ¢ Results-oriented

¢ Sharp probemsolver PAEsialailiccatae

CRB Secynatea onesie ¢ Time mragerent

¢ Resourcefil ¢ Strong probkmsolver

¢ Dedicated team pkayer © Strong interpersonal skills
Accomplishments

Customer Assistance

Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently compkted all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Quality Communication

Interacted with 50+ affiliate stations in US and Puerto Rico, ensuring reliabke and high-speed delivery to residential and small-business
Case nas

OT CB BLOB GLORY

Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
Customer Service

Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

Sales

Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

Dera mN Ye Ay

lO cace cay com reo Ce Ke mrounteiear oir eed Mell locales siceeeg cre bam ot oom
FEM Ane

Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.

Customer Interface

Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders,
eae

Cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow.

Pema ee

Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members' information.

Experience

01/2014 to 06/2015

accountant Company Name - City , State

Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines.
(Oo) selec Coro MONAURAL enki (nied ua ninisTa Mate Reon e ETP elig sce lucsc
Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.

Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.

Thoroughly reviewed financial staternents and tax audits to correct any discrepancies.
Managed cash stock and inventory balances accurately.

Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.

I Ureccrec Be BcOr cbr ena me Kans Omer Cte

04/2013 to 11/2013
marketing and sales Company Name - City , State

Contributed to relevant conferences and events both offline and online to increase brand awareness.

Amalyzed ratings and programming features of competitors to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing strategies.
