RPVND ACCOUNTS
Summary
EXPERIENCED ACCOUNTANT with more than 15 years ofaccounting and financial analysis experience. Expertise in budgeting and economic
analysis, financial reporting, and resource analysis/optimization. Solid record of performance managing analytical studies, key initiatives, and high-
profile performance improvement projects. Technical expert and analyst on compkx program issues. Solid critical thinking, problemrsolving,
research and liaison skills. Recognized for outstanding communication skilk, flexibility, keen political savvy, sense of humor, and kadership abilities.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE: Accounting; financial analysis; program evaluation and managerent; strategic and operations planning and streamlining,
operations management; workforce analysis and manpower planning; operational, financial, and compliance auditing; profit/revenue analysis;
internal control reviews; process improvement and simplification; team and project keadership; quantitative/qualitative analysis; risk and feasibility
assessment and management; database management; statistical analysis; technical, regulatory and best practices research;

Skills

Lawson, Invision, QuickBooks, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lotus Notes, and Meditech

schivor anes

01/2001 to 02/2011

STAFF ACCOUNTANT Company Name i City

40 hours/week, ANALYZED FINANCIAL REPORTS AND PROGRAMS TO RESOLVE PROBLEMS.

Formatted and prepare intemal financial reports for various entities.

Monitored and researched significant revenue and budget variances, including actual costs versus budgeted costs, recommending alternative

courses of action.

Resolved complex issues involving multiple aspects of financial management.

Reviewed policies and principles to plan and develop financial controls and made changes and additions to cost allocation codes.

ANALYZED AND RECONCILED A VARIETY OF ACCOUNTS AND TRANSACTIONS: Monitored, reconciled, researched,

analyzed and quickly responded to inquiries on balance sheet accounts.

Updated monthly schedules for fixed assets and presented findings to senior management.

Reconciled payroll tax withholdings and processing.

Prepared monthly journal entries to record fixed asset activity and maintained construction in progress accounts.

Assisted in researching and resolving variances on reports.

Provided financial statements and prepared reports of statements.

ADVISED SENIOR MANAGEMENT on financia-rehted issues based on technical expertise.

Identified challenges and determine appropriate corrective action.

RECOMMENDED PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS by continually researching, analyzing and monitoring internal controls, financial

ESO a ncMHIne Bsieas eee ela Laem

Recommended new processes to improve the efficiency and accuracy of fimd execution, monitoring, control, and account maintenance.

ATTENTION TO DETAIL: PREPARED, RECONCILED AND SUBMITTED TRANSACTIONS: Tracked, updated, reconciled, and

managed Lawson fixed asset accounting system.

Reconciled physical inventories to Lawson fixed asset system.

Performed monthly reconciliation of fixed assets to the general ledger.

Various monthly account reconciliations.

Completed regular audits of financial controls.

Dictioe Be uiecebrcce cece re mane Cty Real icate ne aee cil cem

Prepared audit schedule for independent external auditors including support documentation.

PREPARED CLEAR, CONCISE PRESENTATIONS AND REPORTS based on financial analyses and audits.

Effectively expressed complex, highly technical information into understandable concepts and ideas for management.

Generated monthly reports departmental financial reports.

Developed talking points, summaries, briefings, reports, data analyses, budget projections, and correspondence.

Drafied and edited documents and reviewed content for accuracy.

DEVELOPED AND MAINTAINED COLLABORATIVE RELATIONSHIPS with internal and external customers and negotiated

solutions to meet organizational goals and objectives.

Whe eR cone cane ekecnloiiieiieste lee Baas) elee@ ici ccoRi inlay em

Served as point of contact for central business office in White Marsh, Maryland to resolving issues and providing guidance relative to

financial probes.

Worked with departments to ensure their expenses are accurately recorded through accruals and purchase order analysis.

KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS: + Implemented a computerized capital budget review system in Lotus Notes ermil system

Ah ertdecovaU AHO murs ec McGaoesiiiinaaasncBiaaslmeaeiulnty ic eckegsctiliee ne

Asa result, the computerized version was more efficient and effective for Washington Hospital Center's capital budget review and

Citrate Olenebr ros auetk onload

* Worked ona continuous Xerox copier project on a monthly basis for two years which successfillly identified over 200 cost centers at

AAC eeene sen near

The project identified zero usage copiers.

Prepared an Excel spreadsheet and tracking system for cost centers with meter usage, previous monthly billing, the name of cost center

name, number, and contact personnel, Xerox copier model and serial numbers which were all provided to WHC's and Xerox management.

© This project and resulting information prevented Xerox Corporation from double billing Washington Hospital Center for non-operational
machines and prepared journal entries to reflect changes.

¢ Worked closely with various departments such as design and construction, Biomed, and finance to close out work in progress accounts.
