STAFF ACCOUNTANT
schivor anes
PAUP RE ORG Hana ur ec NeNCI eeOS EC HIc)

Accounting Manger Report to CFO Manages 4 colleagues.

The accounting department consists of 2 Accounting Clerks, 1 Financial Analyst, and 1 Volunteer.

Lead person for all aspects of close, including preparing and entering 30 journal entries and preparation of 35 balance sheet reconciliations.
Developed new and easier ways of doing journal entries for month end process, using Microsoft Excel.

Have reduced journal entry keying by a day and half allowing more time for analysis.

Revamped old cost reporting and 990 templates, using Excel, to make the process easier for colleagues that would enter informtion into
the system.

Have cut down kad and processing time for each, making the entire submission time faster for system senior kadership.

Selected as point person to help our system office install and run PeopkSoft Finance at St.

Mary's Hospital

Directly responsible for training staffat hospital, and have assisted system in developing the financial statements that are used today.
Assisted all hospital directors in the planning and execution of their departments AOP for the next fiscal year.

Assisted in making a $5 million dollar turn around in total hospital EBIDA for fiscal year 2015.

ese esle) mom isue nun Rtel Grey ABE cen b ry hes eicl Bin edge om

Developed new FTE position contro! productivity report using complex queries and reports in Microsoft Access.

June 2006 to August 2013 Company Name - City, State

© Staff Accountant/ IT Report to Finance Supervisor Assisted in financial month end close, by preparing over 20 journal entries and 25
Balance Sheet reconciliations.

Developed various sales, TGP, and other contribution margin reports, using Microsoft Access and Excel.

Led the division in creating projects that would strip out relevant information froma report and put into Excel, using Monarch data mining
Sethe

Developed over 30 models for the division to use.

Developed Excel macros to help nuke entering journal entries easier at month end.

Corporate office started using them for their month end close.

Assisted in developing an automated reporting system that would distribute reports to sales force, and senior management every moming,
LOMO rionetdes et suetecih ys oeP eM niciue a tbocm

Developed reports that track all IT assets and give a check list of what to do in case ofa hard drive crash or any other maintenance activity.
This report is still used to this day at the division.

Created a sales report in Excel that used Inks, macros, and formuls, to show cach sales persons sales, TGP, and cases, by using a drop
down box and selecting their name.

December 2003 to June 2006 Company Name - City , State

Accounts Payabke/ IT Report to Controller Accountable for the coding and paying of all Accounts Payable invoices.

Including getting management signature, along with following up on and invoice discrepancies.

Assisted in getting purchase orders from warehouse and entering in our purchase order system

Dalle rcBEr acc Leda OB Lani Sito toecoieskinie ane e me net ence

Assisted in month end close process, and was asked to then take over the sales tax and beverage tax journal entries for the division.
Accountable for 5 Balance Sheet reconciliations for the division.

Developed spreadsheet to keep track of customer credits, and salesman reimbursements.

Developed report to show how many purchase order shorts there were, by vendor and warehouse id.

Staff Accountant
March 2001 to December 2001 Company Name - City , State

® Reported to Assistant Controller.

CEP Ae iol) Som cose Or REN era ce Reve licsy

© Led month end inventory counts, where each store would send me their results and I would match up to purchase order and saks to make
Rlickatosnlnnalcemeta

« Accountable for process of stolen, warranty and damaged phones, by making sure we received correct credit back from Sprint.

brairestbeny

IRS 990 Tax Reporting & Submission *CMS Cost Reporting Submission *Property Tax Exemption Submission *AOP Budget Planning
Bachelor of Arts : Accounting , May 2000 Wester Illinois University - City , State Accounting

Associates Degree : Accounting , May 1997 Black Hawk Colkge - City , State Accounting

St. Mary's Hospital Leadership Team

als

Accounting, Accountant, Accounts Payable, balance sheet, Budget Planning, CMS, Controller, credit, data mining, senior management, Finance,
financial, Financial Analyst, financial statements, fixed assets, hard drive, inventory, leadership, macros, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Excel,
office, Monarch, month end close process, month end close, next, PeopleSoft, coding, reporting, sales, spreadsheet, Supervisor, Tax, phones
