CORPORATE ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Strategic and analytical finance professional with 23 + years of success in financial reporting, analysis and project management. Highly motivated
professional who thrives in high-pressure environments. Excellent financial reporting, budget forecasting, management and teanr building skills.
Accomplished and results-orientedA in each business endeavor with consistently meeting deadlines and increased company revenue. Highly
skilled at increasing productivity through detailed cost analysis.
Highlights

© Superior time management

© Financial modeling

Pie cistesleoueiinitowaed

CMa ileceemte slic)

Accomplishments

Increased cost-effectiveness by 28 % through compliance enforcement and implementation of'a new quality contro! system. Led the development
of muttipkA financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency. Increased efficiency of discrepancy investigations by designing a
more accurate cash- forecasting system

schivor anes

(Oo) weeiiewaruecercln

May 2015 to March 2016 Company Nanw - City , State

Relocated to corporate offices and continued to handle all financial aspects of Biologics Developrrent Services, along with 7 additional entities that
were start up companies.

AU iu domtnes Oh ecitetc
September 2013 to Current Company Name - City , State

¢ Responsible for the site management of the BDS facility (aboratory, storage, archive, server room, office areas etc.), equiprrent, utilities,
supplies, security, general maintenance, and human resources.

* Controller of financial operations (accounting, payroll, purchasing, financial forecasts, etc.).

¢ Also Watson LIMS Administrator and back-up Archivist and back-up Document Coordinator.

Ovi O ew VeElaLos
September 2012 to Current Company Name - City , State

© Responsible for all financial aspects, which includes reporting directly to the CEO.

* Assisting in the implementation of entire office: including working with general contractors on modifications/compketion of buid-out,
Fbcomcieefecniccen ee eeciusnrasmom sismee Rey iieem erties

© Setup and impkmentation of procedures for all processes in the facility.

* Initiated finding qualified vendors for all services, including installation of physical onsite server and backup system

© Responsible for: Cash flow, accounting, payroll, human resources, purchasing, inventory, cost analysis, administrator/IT services, and
facilitating new software programs and all general office services.

UW Nclennticl og
September 2012 to May 2015 Company Nan - City , State

* Responsible for the oversight, management, security, availability and operations of the IT infrastructure, network applications and software
systems at BDS.

PGS Ha Qe ag
February 2009 to January 2013 Company Nanw - City , State

© Assistant Controller in completion & review of over 30 entities.

© Managed a staffof9 accounting employees and over 200 offsite employees in HR, Payroll, Skyline system training, integrated a system
wide remote banking process, set up procedures to minimize labor costs.

Managed office services, IT Services to include backup systems and troubleshooting errors.

Assisted in providing documentation and schedules for extemal auditors for year-end review, refinancing of multiple entities, consolidated
financial reporting for cash flow purposes, completed programing for autormtion of escalations for 5 mobile home parks, procedural setup
of flow processes to maximize productivity of employees, consolidated financial statements for corporate entities, prepared monthly financial
forecasts; annual budgeting; Integrated with tenants on billing issues, which included: reconciliations, collections, deposits and monitored A/R
receivabks system wide.

© Reported financial information to partners the end of the month.

Property Accountant
August 2001 to August 2008 Company Name - City, State

¢ Assisted GM in monthly financial forecasts; annual budgeting; Integrated with tenants on billing issues, which included: reconciliations,
(ool cut eide dered CM oesicnni bi heanuncel Mercer uns ice areal mleeranekaipes trent ia
