STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Summry

Professional Accountant and Bookkeeper with 12 years of experience with accounts receivabke and payabk. Detail-oriented bookkeeping
OCA REL oMonancen eee nate einem nai yuara Eceue lice rat cam

Sail

SAP, Great Plains Dynamics, Sage50, QuickBooks Pro, ACT, Microsoft Word, Excel (Pivot tables and VLook Up) Access, PowerPoint
Experience
Staff Accountant 09/2015 to 09/2017 Company Name City , State

Supported Regional Finance Manager with special projects and other responsibilities as assigned.

Handied monthly accrual process for 22 expense accounts.

Full responsibility for all fixed assets; maintained detailed depreciation scheduks.

Conducted monthly reconciliations ofall balance sheet accounts to ensure their accuracy.

Reconciled 4 bank accounts (250+ transactions per month), researched and resolved all issues.

AP: Reviewed, processed and reconciled invoices ensuring timely payment (500+K monthly).

Monthly analysis of AP process Ied to an improved aging schedule and 20% increased cash flow.

AR: Receipt and posting ofall payments to ledger (SAP); Weekly analysis of AR process which Ied to an increased cash flow by 90% by
Clock i zona se

Assisted with internal audit by providing all necessary data to minimize billabk hours.

© Streamlined accounting processes and mintained appropriate docurrentation to improve procedures in accordance with company policies
EI ESO). Gaon s)iinaem

Researched and resolved discrepancies as well as financial related inquiries.

ees recEelinanpeima ce em aba Rehan ergiosiniben edhe coe clei eee MOST Lo ena Obey MRC Taco

Staff Accountant 09/2012 to 12/2014 Company Name City , State

ACh cockdeccarn ominous uel c aor) ues Bienen etocn nated

Experience in GAAP accounting and monthly closing processes.

Researched and resolved financial inquiries from management at 48 campus locations.

Reconciliation of 40 bank accounts on a monthly basis.

Posted necessary monthly journal entries to the general kedger (Great Plains Dynamics).

Omni atmmhcuteics ruined ak Omen EDP CCU CMa N Rca ane

OORT Roter ial Ramen Hones Tn eMENcelh ec

Processed accounts payabk; including purchase order entry, mvoice approval and entry, follow up with vendors, aging reporting.
Paid approximately 100,000K in finds via wire transfers to suppliers on a weekly basis.

Treasurer 01/2011 to Current Company Name City , State

Cee oranucml dlocelnitied srenccm nel le creo eccstucmibtmecespeck lM BCR O7.V.N UN
¢ Bank account maintenance and financial transactions oversight.

¢ Developed the annual budget and analyzed actual revenue and expenses against the budget.

Ce Cord dertsnonccod an cMuspeonmcconal ee desaizalbenpiesnes phos”

© Conpktion ofall financial reports ina timely manner and made availabk to the board.

Accounts Receivable/Audit Clerk 02/2009 to 08/2011 Company Name City ,, State

Researched and impkmented a new remote deposit banking system.

irc creinn aka Ral ce cK meci chs M teeny Sie

Created and balanced several accounting spreadsheets.

Prepared and managed reports for executive management.

eccbrenienemicman menial Kote

ene Loman cern eReeniad ccna lenge eracenume lcci aw

Worked with various departments and built stronger working relationships organization wide.

Data Analyst Assistant 12/2006 to 10/2007 Company Name City , State

© Project VPO: Assessed 2500 foreign accounts within a 6 month period.

Cir aotatumtnebslininc eR tensor remnisnMb er nl

CRA crlccmtne Breve ceRtni nS OmIL MEST Wee Sere ct lace Re lig yom

© Tracked and updated non-nationals accounts preventing over one million dollars in fines.
¢ Indexed, verified and scanned 1200 IRA accounts ona monthly basis.

OE Cnet Biloie achat Om LamRIIE Mnennce he) Caneert a

Education and Training

Masters of Accounting May 2016 Nova Southeastem University City , State

Erte Pees POP LIS CL be cee CeN UPA PAD eA ROC SAO NAEP eee bi tne
Associates of Arts : Accounting May 2007 Westem Intemational University Online Accounting
