ACCOUNTANT
Tapert

Creative, active with a prove ability to manage multiple tasks seeking a position whereby my personal & technical skills can be applied &
developed. The ability to screen candidates to ensure of the qualifications. The ability of negotiating salaries and preparing APRS MA nent
appropriate investigation such as calling references and performing a background check. Conducting orientation sessions with new employees. Set
bata Ere) Se for each position. Ability to manage employers’ benefits programs. Manage all types of eaves like annual, sick, maternity
or casual keaves using very advanced systematic methods with full analysis. Preparing and performing the induction training to new employers. The
ability of preparing periodic quizzes which used to evaluate product knowledge. Communicating job vacancies and preparing required assessment.
Set performances drivers to be allied with organization goals. Excellent understanding & applying for Company Objectives, Strategy &
Organization Culture. Excellent Skills in conflict resolving, Excellent Ability to Identify Personal Differences & Build tailored development Phan.
Excellent Ability to train and guide groups of different backgrounds & Adapt different Cultures. Excellent Ability to identify relationship between
different & unrelated aspects. Excellent Ability to Identify Potentials, Design & Conduct Development plan. Excellent Ability to kad low
performers into the track. Excellent Ability to rewrite the rules & reach Exceptional Decisions. Ability to Set & Develop Business Quality Bench
marks. Excellent Awareness & applying for Customers Handling Techniques. Ability to Assess Trade Zone Potentiality & Set Proper Sales
Tactics. Excellent Ability to Identify Products & Services Advantages & tram the team by the best-selling techniques. Excellent Ability to Identify
Risk & eliminate Process gaps that my cause fraud cases. Auditory Understanding for Vodafone Application. Excellent Listening Skills. Excellent
oe hies ice once ave wan n Catt) dm Oo kOe cn toep coun e@orter eat enR Mores koa Y tlitem

Perens
Master of International Business Administration [MIBA] (Ongoing [ESLSCA])

Microsoft Office [Word, Excel, Access, Power point, Outlook].

Were Corse s Lod Asces8s2by oA ROMA ST aD Sat oN)

Build & design web pages and desktop applications. Department: HR.
Experience

PXweU Tg

November 2001 to June 2004 Company Name

Se eS eb Lae A EEC ceo cabo ob a inca ebenmso culeMsn os ane epetinomenutalvermastrn tent ate
With target audiences and managing customer relationships; sourcing advertising opportunities and placing adverts in the press - Jocal,
regional, national and specialist publications - or on the radio, depending on the organization and the campaign; managing the production of
marketing materials, including leaflets, posters, flyers, newsletters, e-newsletters and DVDs; Ability to classify customers based on
geographic and cluster basis.

¢ Writing and proofreading copy.

Ca tree ing Ob ns anumicep einen neck Ls onal aren

TS Meats ecb arene Brune eu photo shoots; arranging for the effective distribution of marketing materials; BCL eee

De COO exe Cn Eom anuinee manganese Eke ccce cca UNM USoUL ens R otal ercmcalnige see Te

securing sponsorship; conducting market research Beh as customer questionnaires and focus groups; contributing to, and developing,

Picts CES oc em VU AToI RT eae

Evaluating marketing campaigns.

Monitoring competitor activity.

Supporting the marketing manager and other colleagues.

Customer service representative

June 2004 to November 2006 Company Name
CRT ca ceg

December 2006 to September 2008

ee Pelee bles emi nnceecllontl PAR norlcerni neta Ob) isc ca ATR ete

Set action plans for improvement.

Wi rta culation eich 00a

Training & development dep.

Set evaluation system.

train new hiring staffon company policy, persuaders, product knowledge, applications, and Handling customers.

Join Vodafone retail academy teamas certified trainer.

Cascade retail academy training material ( How to achieve saks target, How to Handle angry Customers, How to inspire your team, How
to motivate low performance people, How to prepare sufficient forecasting, How to use mindsct positively.

Assistant store manager Prepare monthly and annually reports, finding new and professional ideas to achieve sales target.
