VOLUNTEER ACCOUNTANT
Summary
CPA candidate with 15+ years of strong financial accounting and audit experience and knowledge of Internal Control, Enterprise Risk
Managenrent and GL, PL, BS reconciliations, work papers, cost, cash control, AP and AR on different accounting software's. Participated in the
coordination of financial planning and budget management fimetions Monitored and analyzed monthly operating results against budget Managed
preparation of the official annual report of actual revenues, transfers, and expenses, financial outlooks and forecasts. Collaborated with department
mmmagers and corporate staff to develop business plans Created a guide of financial contro! and planning procedures Exceptional communication
and interpersonal skills; adept in forming strong working relationships with diverse intemal and external business partners Accounts
receivable/payabke, payroll, corporate expenses analysis, and taxes Proficiency in bookkeeping, reporting, journal entries, and account
reconciliation Entrusted to process high responsibility tasks and to work independently Demonstrated professionalism when communicating with
department managers, clients, and suppliers Interacted with a wide variety of personalities while developing business plans and preparing reports
Supervised role mapping, workflows, and delegated tasks; oversaw work of coworkers which enhanced kadership, teamwork and team
coordination abilities Strong quantitative technical and accounting skills Independently driven to accomplish immediate assigned goals and Jong term
company objectives.

Highlights

Amilytical reasoning

Financial staternent analysis Excellent managerial techniques

Strength in regulatory reporting Strong organizational skills

Compliance testing knowledge SEC and call reporting proficiency
Understands foreign tax reporting General ledger accounting

Budget forecasting expertise Expert in customer relations

Foust ecco aceite a NIG Lem este tiie ES <1iC)

PeopleSoft knowledge I olen tectube aha

Gola ystece ater alaing Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)

Complex problem solving Effective time management

Accomplishments
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting.
schivor anes

11/2012 to 09/2013
Volunteer Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Federal compliance, review, and preparation of corporation, insurance, partnership and private foundation tax returns.

© Coordinate with fixed asset accountant the necessary information for correct tax depreciation calculations, review tax depreciation
calculations and schedules for accuracy.

Analyze accrual accounts for deductibility pertaining to the provision and tax retum.

Assist in the completion of the tax footnotes for the annual statements.

© Identify reportable transaction disclosures for consolidated tax retum and prepare tax filings for new entities, dissolutions and liquidations
and assist with audit requests, research and implementation of tax consequences.

Participate in the implementation of new provision, fixed assets, and ERP systerrs.

05/2009 to 10/2012
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

© Responsible for various general accounting duties including accounts payable, banking, check requests and special projects as needed.
Processed accounts payable; including purchase order entry, invoice approval and entry, follow up with vendors, aging reporting, processed
daily checks and various credits.

Assisted with month-end close and financial reporting.

© Performed monthly reconciliation ofall bank accounts, including reconciliation of deposits with accounts receivable.

Maintaining accounting records and preparing accounts and management information for small businesses (accountancy); advising clients on
business transactions, such as mergers and acquisitions (corporate finance); Advising clients on areas of business improvement, or dealing
with insolvency; detecting and preventing fraud (forensic accounting); managing junior colleagues.

11/1997 to 05/2005
