ACCOUNTANT II

Si

Tend
A Professional Accountant with more than 10 years of fill-range, progressive accounting experience in general accounting and financial reporting, I

have a solid understanding of GAAP and experience in Regultory (Statutory) STAT Accounting Principles. Also with proven ability to manage
multiple assignments while meeting tight deadline schedules. Possess reputation as a self-directed professional with excellent problem solving and
analytical and communication skill. 1 also have a proven track record of performing work in an ethical manner while consistently nnintaining the
integrity of all financial data. Specialized expertise in data review and analysis, finding resolutions to identified issues and creating accounting reports

and recommendations to my findings.
als
* Month end close activities - Reconciliations/Analysis
SoC REN eave nce oval  Busiess Property, Income, Sales & Use Tax Retum Preparation
Conc eaucm onc Roman slicy 7
* Research, Investigation & Resolution « AConplex Expense Reporting & Reconciliation
Cie Sisters soe eo nen une CR Sissel onanctoa want Len
© Business Accounting Process Improverrents CG cr aGuniclacyacasnilined
© Microsoft Office Proficient © Hospitality/Golf Course Accounting
© Fixed Asset Accounting © Reguhtory/Statutory Accounting Principles
e Cash and Bank Reconciliations © Property Management & Lease Accounting
© Intercompany Accounting
schivor anes

Accountant IT 10/2016 to Current Company Name City , State

Responsible for CL500 - Events Clearing.

Revenue 506000, 570496/670496.

LB49R no Other Revenues.

Wp Suse Param ane ccerrematceetn watts ice
Runallocation and reconciliation Admi,

Fees on Revenues (FDN 6%, 49R 5%).

Journal generate CRG, CPG, CTL, CFM, CPP and CPS.
Responsible to review 90-days & over (Grants) and 30 days (Others) Accounts Receivabk.
Account reconciliations.

Clean the M0380 Fund Balance.

Davee ws \yircr ways Lele

Responsible FDN-GL Inbox.

Grant Accountant 09/2014 to 11/2016 Company Narr City , State

Responsible for independently performing a full range of work in general accounting and financial reporting using knowledge of generally
accepted accounting principles and practices and a working knowledge of govemmental accounting methods.
Monthly account reconciliations (AR & Revenue Collected in Advance for Grants).

WW Grilinaraeee memes hieenueers tice

All federal drawdowns.

Journal entry preparation & review JEs from GCAs.

Invoice/billing for Grants.

Send out billing status to GCAs.

ecg RRO eRe tice ilar Boom

Prepare F&A journal entry (bi: monthly).

Prepare Prepaid (On-Account) billing.

Prepare monthly "Unbilled for Grants”.

Prepare Over expenditure schedule.

Prepare list of invoices billed.

aU eS ED

Others requests from ORSP.

SOO KRerr tea

[Gatch sletkncusl pc cuce

Accountant 07/2011 to 09/2014 Company Name City , State

Independently prepare and timely filing of multiple, complex quarterly and annual statutory filings, supplemental filings related to Health Care
Insurance industry to 49 other states and assisted in annual audit of financial staterrents.

Performand resolve moderately complex problems and/or conduct moderately complex analyses, including non-standard requests;.
Prepare and record journal entries in accordance with SAP and Medical Loss Ratio (MLR) requirements}.

Communicates regularly with other departments in the enterprise including inquiries on particular results of findings and analyses;.

Participate on working groups to develop and communicate innovative approaches for continued improverrent in efficiency and
effectiveness;.
