ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Accomplished and results-oriented finance professionalA who consistently meets deadlines and increases department revenue. Highly skilled at
ea nksneg eee aiism linea Reece Rmeceslesl cic

Highlights

Microsoft Office : Intermediate in all the Microsoft Office components( Excel, Word, SAP PeopkSoft: Navigate within Resource one to
PowerPoint, Outlook and Access); Very familiar with ( Macros, V-look ups, calculating retrieve financial reports and run queries;Financial
formuls and manipulating reports as well as smart view) Running query reports and modelingA Superior time managenent;Complex
ren ina ianorew Poca oneal ier

Accomplishments

Led the developrrent of a reconciliation systemA to increase productivity and efficiency. Increased effectiveness by 25 % through compliance
enforcement and implementation ofa new quality control system

schivor anes

Accountant Aug 2014 to Current

Company Name i City , State

Analyze federal, state and private A docurrents, including restricted and non-restricted grant contracts.

erence ineer eons oor P Cicctrcanniiet moet a

UrcoNsreniiipiisinesl pee m ene ele nieces OHO ecmeToginar iis meal vcia tn end

Increase productivity A by fifteen percent within the department by analyzing all open PO's,

Analyze and evaluate operation of financial systems, prepare recommendations and documents to update fiscal services and other related
oe keectuspe cues eR Wn esmoa a Onnee ancass (atte

Streamlined reconciliation process to a more accurate, efficient and autormted process.

¢ Completes special projects as assigned by the departrent Administrator.

Staff Accountant Dee 2012 to Aug 2014
Company Name i City , State

© Fullcycle accountant for several operating companies within Sysco Foods Company; completed and issued weekly, monthly, and quarterly
financial statements to the operating companies for review and submit to the corporate office.

¢ Upkod and run reports in business objects for CFO ofoperating company to review.

© Verified journal ledger entries of cash and check payments, purchases, expenses and trial balances by examining and authenticating

sae a mat iom

Prepared monthly P&L for several operating companies within the Sysco Corporation and research variances, reviewed transactions in the

GL for accuracy, and researched transactions that deviate from the purpose of the account.

Reconciled aging AR transactions and performed financial analysis, identified and explained deviations from planned or historical data.

Assisted in evaluating control systems in the accounting process to ensure operating companies comply with GAAP as well as provided the

necessary information to both internal and external auditors on an as needed basis.

Reviewed account reconciliation from other accountants ina timely manner.

Accountant /Auditor Jan 2010 to Feb 2012
Company Name i City , State

© Served as both an accountant and auditor within the department of financial services.

The role consisted of utilizing software applications to compik, retrieve, and summnrize accounting information for analysis and reporting
puts aces

© Examined accounting source documents for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with departmental and state rules, regulations, and
Byuiee inane

Provided financial trainings for over 240 faculty and staff employees to enforce the rules and regulations of the procurement card set by set
the State of Texas procurement regulation.

Maintained controlling records required to ensure accuracy ofall data entered into the accounting system

© Identified and reported situations not in compliance with PVAMU intemal controk, policies, and procedures, recommending improverrents
to the accounting process to optimize internal control.

Performed duties in compliance with GAAP, company and department policies and procedures, internal controls and Sarbanes-Oxky
fpeeniLc tO Ce

Reviewed expense report for irregularities and recommended corrective measures to improve internal controls.

© Prepared adjusting and closing entries, statements, and analyze financial operations.

brairestbeny

Masters of Science , Accounting May 2011 Prairie View A&M University 14 City , State Accounting

BBA, Accounting Dec 2009 Prairie View A&M University i City , State Accounting

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

CPA Candidate Participated in various commumity activities, including the Phi Beta Larrbda and National Association of Black Accountants Texas
Society of CPA's Beta Gamma Sigma Greater Women's Chamber of Society Completed all the Research Operations Curriculum in 2015

als

account reconciliation, accounting system, AR, budget, business objects, closing, Contracts, A financial analysis, financial controls, financial
