ACCOUNTANT II
Professional Summary

Multi-faceted Financial Professional with solid and progressive experience in all facets of accounting and financial management.

als
© Accounting and Financial Reporting © Powerfil negotiator
* Experience in Cash Flow Managerrent and Financial = «Ability to muttitask and meet aggressive deadlines
Nin crranwatel cts) « Budgeting and finance
© Experience in Account Reconciliations, Accruals, © Extremely organized
GL Activity, Month End Close, AR, AP, and Billmg © Selfotivated
© Progressive experience in Budget Management, * Conflict resolution
SEC & GAAP Conpliances * Strong verbal communication
© Excellent communication skills © Strong knowledge and familiarity with Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint,
© Superb analytical and problem solving skills Outlook
© Ability to work independently as well as withinTeam = _ Perfect knowledge of Accounting software like Lawson, Mas 90,
Settings QuickBooks Pro, PeopkSoft, Axiom, Bloomberg Terminal, Nvision, and
© Physically fit to work extra hours with superb Bevetanig
schedule flexibility ¢ Ability to kam new software programs
Work History
11/2014 to 10/2016

Accountant II Company Name a€“ City , State

Performed month-end General Ledger close and prepared manual journal entries.

Prepared balance sheet accounts reconciliation and roll forward schedules.

Researched and resolved reconciling items ina timely manner and informed mamgement of any issues.

Prepared weekly reconciliation with supporting scheduks of the fixed asset registers to the relevant accounting records, and resolved
unckar items.

Oleaiaebiremisninieces pc etccamouclon

Prepared monthly provider tax payments Reviewed, analyzed, and approved invoices to determine capital fixed asset versus expense and
process CPAR invoices ona timely basis.

© Performed monthly accruals schedules Prepared depreciation calculation for all fixed assets Reviewed for adherence to capitalization policy
and, researched and resolved any related issues.

Ensured, calculated, and updated usefil lives ofall fixed assets are in accordance with company policy.

Performed monthly fixed assets retirement/disposal obligations Generated monthly depreciation of capital expenditures.

Supported other departments (Account Payable & Purchasing) to research and resolve accounting issues Assisted with internal and external
Bibenescati bem

Worked directly with (departments, clients, management] to achieve [ result ].

Assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during acquisitions.

Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improverrents.

Supported Chief Operating Officer with daily operational finctions.

11/2013 to 12/2013
Senior Accountant (TEMP) Company Name 4€“ City , State

CPCS ION Soret eee Mor ana aataconmece nice Lem geet ece iat etce

* Prepared consolidated monthly financial statements of various entities.

© Led efforts in company's monthly depreciable items reports.

© Played a nyjor rok in catching-up with preparation of Vice President's expense report.
PAEGu ri slccbineiaceunenancine ss

© Monitored and documented daily bank transactions.

© Supported to develop capital estimation report on company’s current buikling project.

PVA B OTe)
Accountant (TEMP) Company Name a€“ City , State

© Maintained responsibility for accounting and financial management associated with general ledger activity, cash flow management, and
financial reporting.

Developed accurate and reliable financial statements that aided in business decision-making,

Charged with account analysis reports involving bank accounts reconciliation, journal entry preparation, month end close, and preparation of
monthly accruals.

Played a key role in preparing monthly, quarterly, and annual reporting packages / closing procedures for multiple entries.

Prepared inter-company accounts reconciliations.

Researched and eliminated financial discrepancies in a timely manner.

Comtesse niiexcbeieeuoalieenrivety
