ACCOUNTANT
Professional Profile

© Certified Accountant with more than 10 years experience working with company financial staterents.

CEC tosnevcres iby aac nncach acai cy
* Ability to critically review financial statements
© Highly motivated manager with excellent administrative, organizational and communication skills.
© Reliable person with more than 20 years work experience.
Highlights
* Professional Accountant © Management expert
© Tax Auditing * General and tax accounting
Cee er cae Cecece eel oe MeCN eS CMECS CLL ee
Skills
* Good Commumication
CEE OUsCeeumerca ac
¢ Probkem Soler
* Teamwork
¢ ITSkil
© Proficient in Quickbooks
Accomplishments

¢ Setup a large taxpayer unit which collected over 70% of domestic taxes revenue,
Pee GrapctuceR aver heneolodce eal Seog cr ee Kaen lid

¢ Lead team that introduced the Tax Identification Number (TIN).

© Developed a new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improverrent.
* Developed an enforcement process that improved revenue collection.

¢ Improved customer relations.

schivor anes
Accountant Jun 2013 to Nov 2013
Company Name i City , State

Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer using specialized accounting software.

Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.

Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.
Assisted the Managing Director with the production of the monthly financial and management reports.

© Prepared financial and regulatory reports required by boards of directors.

Commissioner of Taxes Apr 2011 to Apr 2012
Company Name i City , State

© Managed over 80 staffresponsible for the collection of domestic revenue

* Managed the formulation and implementation of the annual operational plan and budget of the domestic taxes department
Oe gisetmebisiccmliminberccoalpniancieang

CM gorse ne nmeeuiecmineninlaumneincicentiieets

PONG u EC uLomH ME Ncw\ Aner wale
Company Name i City , State

Ensured that the Large Taxpayer Unit (LTU) maximises revenue collections

Managed and oversee the work of the LTU

Made monthly reports summerising progress against plans and account for variations

Established and reported trends in compliance and liaised with technical services unit to develop procedures or legal changes to counter

threats to revenue

© Liaised with other goverment departments and private institutions to establish arrangements for collection, collation and exchange of
ha vclnaece)

© Conducted performance appraisals on LTU staff

Inspector of Taxes Jan 2003 to Apr 2007
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Conducted tax audits on taxpayers.
© Produced tax audit reports.
