ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of

accounting software and processes. I have 35 years of experience as an Accountant in industries including Public Accounting,
Petrochemical/Research and Technology, Oil and Gas Services, Equestrian Farms,A Manufacturing and Health Care.

BS ania}

Cargo a la or ae

. ‘ SAP Power User

, reineaenit sare Meee reer

a epee * Core Process Review Team

* Fk nee Pe Pew crn ny nC c gece

A © Loss Prevention TeanyYAuditor/Fire Warden

¢ Cost Reductions , eran v ree

® Outside Auditors a ial
Accomplishments
Cae Naren s ence

© Protested property taxes and reduced property value by over $2M saving the company more than $200K in annual property taxes and
saving the company more than $21K in property tax consulting fees.

© Worked on Budget Committee for 2005 Budget.

* Spearheaded implementation of PB Views in the Accounting Departrrent for all cost centers at SAI.

¢ Served as a SAP Power User in the Accounting Department.

© Served on the Core Process Review Team.

schivor anes
Company Name November 2014 to March 2015 Accountant
lena El CG

¢ Republic Services ~ due diligence work on a couple acquisitions.
© Balance sheet reconciliations for five divisions, various other miscellaneous reconciliations in various systems.

Company Name January 2011 to May 2014 Cost/Inventory Accountant
lena El CG

* Performed various fictions in the Cost/Inventory Accounting departrent such as month-end close, setting up new and updating current
SUC's, warehouse mapping, MAC mapping, CASS weekly import, Open Payables Account and Inventory reconciliations affer month-end
[ooo

* Process changes in January 2013 changing fiom SUC to AUC, analyzing costs weekly to verify reasonableness.

© Consolidation of Open Payables (Open P O Receipts) for Cost/Inventory Accounting Group.

© Occasionally help with fixed asset and inventory audits at various locations around the United States.

* Additional activities: CI White Belt, Loss Prevention Team, Fire Warden, Auditor and Employee's Club Member.

Company Name October 2008 to January 2011 Accountant II - Environmental Solutions Spare Parts HUB-Closed

lena El CG

evo rnecelbacetionmaiiedt ere omnes allen

Analyze financial reports and records, ensure accuracy and report any anomalies.

Review and verify the accuracy of journal entries.

Reconciliation of cycle/physical counts and management reports of the same.

acon Ue a ueacw OME Tole

Serve as a resource for US Districts regarding cycle counts, in-transit reconciliation and any/all inventory issues.
Processed all payables for purchase orders.

This was a new facility so I also set-up all procedures for the accounting fimetions.

Additional activities: Loss Prevention Team

Company Name March 2008 to October 2008 Fixed Asset Accountant
lena El CG
© Dagen Personnel~ M-I SWACO ~ Appropriation Request reconciliations using Oracle, CETA and SAM software packages to reconcile
CIP accounts in the Corporate Accounting Fixed Asset Group. Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests. Coordinated
boas Bsa meleUb etm

Company Name August 2007 to March 2008 Accountant
