ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Several years experience in providing information and creating software solutions for business needs and efficiencies. Three plus years experience
in varying accounting positions. Work well independently and as part ofa team Knowledgeable in use of MS Office products.

Skills

© Excel spreadsheets © Professional and mature
* Meticulous attention to detail ¢ Strong problemsolver
© SelFdirected © Dedicated team phyer
© Results-oriented © Understands grammr
schivor anes
01/2009 to 02/2010

Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

© Prepared, amended and reviewed individual income tax retums.
Assisted in individual tax planning and preparation of corporate income tax retums.

Eee keira
Data Processing Manager/Progranmer Company Nam i City , State

© The nation's largest independent com and soybean seed company, focused on developing the world's best- performing com & soybean
aoc

© Responsible for enhancements to software written in COBOL and CL on an IBM System i (AS/400, iSeries, Power System).

¢ Assist management and other staff with information needs and questions.

* Design, develop, test and document modifications to Accounts Receivable, Orders, Inventory, Growers, Billing, Miscellaneous Invoicing,

General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Payroll, Bank Reconciliation and Budgeting.

Provide information to management through reports, queries, spreadsheets, maps, written documents and verbally.

Support and train employees in software changes.

Schedule and monitor system backup; restore information when needed.

Design and maintain resource and password security.

Select Accomplishnents: Automate emuiling of statements to account managers Create maps for management Automate creation of cash

management spreadsheet Automte end of year sales reporting Transfer grower pricing information to Accounts Payable File W-2s, state

W-2 and SUTA reports electronically Payroll direct deposit and 401k benefit Add/increase/remove fields in the database (account number,

product code) Developed and modified software for various marketing/pricing programs Converted software from S36 environment to

native (OCL to CL, 1985 COBOL standards) Design, develop and test underlying database used in web portal created by consultants

Direct deposit of checks to a select group of vendors Developed Bank Reconciliation and Financial Statement consolidation applications

Program interfaces between AS/400 & KRONOS (employee and hour information) Enhancerrent to allow access to select information by

outside account managers via dia-up Reviewed/changed programs where necessary for the year 2000 (increase year from 2 to 4 digits)

Pato es rceMmlc eect helen aeeR ule iietonenepaeae ice Cnet) om

01/1991 to 01/1992
Supervisor of Accounting Company Name 1 City , State

« Arenber-owned, not-for-profit electric cooperative serving farms, homes & businesses in northwest IA.

© Supervised the General Accounting system, including the preparation of timely and accurate financial reports and the maintenance of the
general ledger, subsidiary ledgers and related records in accordance with GAAP and the REA system of accounting.

* Supervised the non-energy related Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Payroll, Cash Management and Work Order accounting
systems work performed by three people.

© Responsible for employee training and performance evaluations within the department.

01/1991
HYrvurt rumen cn aN Gl aT OIN mee a

© Modified existing software written in COBOL on the IBM Systen36 to price products according to the client's specifications.
© Designed and programmed an Inventory system that interfaced with the existing invoicing system

01/1981 to 01/1990
HYrvurt rumen cn aN Gl aT OIN mee a

A software development company specializing in Phanmacy, Seed and Banking applications.

Responsible for program development and modifications in COBOL (5 years) and BASIC (5 years).
Hardware included Systenv36, AS/400 (36 enviroment), PC's, 5120, Systen/23 and Systenv34.
Software experience included General Accounting, Seed Industry, Phanmacy, Banking and Trucking.
Consulted with customers to determine special needsand modified software accordingly.

cole CoP OR LeU NRCC USNS NOM Mice RHlLeMmnunernel Gl cope Le CCOHiE sel Orel eke
Assisted the sakes department with demonstrations and technical questions.
