FAC O SS Erie

ATi cnstay
Flexibk A ccountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies.
Highlights
© Strong communication skills © Account reconciliations
¢ Effective time management = *- Customer-oriented
¢ Analytical reasoning © Flexible teamphyer
CeeBontaerancl © Superior research skills
Experience

Accountant I 08/2014 to Current Company Name City , State

Set up new jobs and new hires in the Profitool accounting software. Prepare weekly invoices and perform research to resolve billing/payroll issues.
Colkct on aged receivables and report to management on a monthly basis. Perform reconciliation of accounts and make necessary entries and
BS om waroemnln nee ke edasnedalececarnined ope (cectianiinuan aniseed him celine coset tie
documents to verify completeness and conformance with specific accounting requirements. Trace and reconcile records of financial transactions.
Sree elec inate cM Le Okada ecm eMiaeatincnalteny

Staff Accountant/General Accounting Supervisor 03/2011 to 08/2014 Company Name City , State

Assisted billing department staff with error resolution and direction on new issues. Resolved pricing, quantity, and sales or fuels tax errors on
invoices for customers. Responsibk for all accounting aspects of the Arguindegui Oil Company II (AOC). Reconciled purchases clearing and
outstanding bill of lading report with accounts payable and tied to the general ledger monthly. Assisted with and helped coordinate month-end
ledger process. Performed monthly closing of purchase order, bill of lading, and saks order moduks. Responsible for journalization of recurring
entries, investigated and resolved miss-posted transactions, monitored and managed month-end accruak, and performed bank reconciliations.
Reconciled fil and product inventory. Prepared and submitted reviewed trial balance to Controle. Kept current buyer listing of Texas End-User
Ele Paueaninel Poon duet bs ence elban ain cdne ine RCanluecE isgoccn sas bvarcoe tin onal cRakeieileened farce ater el gent isch
Identified and segregated total of exempt gallons sold to govemmental agencies. Reconciled listings of exempt buyer gallons purchased with report
sta EPUB Ng una les clan PUA Ch TO SEM EMER ni enc toe yoo s iro tls g
Report form Prepared and filed Texas Sales and Use Tax Retum. Provided satisfactory responses to external requests for data. Ensured AOC
complied with tax and regulatory authorities. Produced monthly trend reports and ad hoc investigative analyses.

Accounts Payable Clerk 12/2010 to 03/2011 Company Name City , State

Oe eae or ecrndueamteriil Capos ep oel Clcceremisiccareiom casera Relomenicnorareneiiince neki icaited
supporting documentation for check runs.

Tax Associate 12/2008 to 04/2011 Company Nane City, State
Prepared tax returns, processed Refimnd Anticipation Loans and Refimd Anticipation Checks, and served customers.
Pee emesis PCS Mey PALA OM UPN UG en cian cle OS meSCT CY

Provided significant evel of administrative support to the Mid Rio Grande Border Area Health Education Center (MRGB AHEC) Executive
Director. Managed daily operations of the programs under the MRGB AHEC. Performed all finctions ofaccounting which included payroll,
payroll reports, accounts payable, accounts receivable, reconciling cash accounts, and preparing monthly financial statements by department, ona
consolidated basis and ona budget basis. Performed grant accounting and prepared all grant reports in order for the organization to receive its
grant finds. Assisted in monitoring budget. Compiled statistical and financial data for reports. Assisted in maintaining equipment inventory.
Coordinated travel arrangements for staff. Maintained employee records.

Adrinistrative Assistant/Bookkeeper 08/2008 to 01/2009 Company Name City , State

Responsible for input, mintenance, and reconciliation ofall accounting systems and recordkeeping including budget, purchasing, personnel
Peeeet Nesp Mes sae CMe Ld MUCOSA CM ne Basecm yale Calnee et iN

Work-Study Student Employee 09/2007 to 04/2008 Company Nanx City, State

Fulfilled general office duties, worked with The Raiser’s Edge 7 fimd-raising software, assisted with preparations for events, and performed basic
Prue Veco nds Pcoonunea Vernon erm inenuaternscry

Work-Study Student Employee 02/2004 to 05/2005 Company Name City , State

eevee cancrReliet MLR Mean ceB Ub entee APOC Torn ih mae MTR ee terete
paychecks, etc.

Education
