ACCOUNTANT III
Senior Accountant

Results oriented accounting professional with 17+ years of progressive experience in a board range of accounting fimctions. Successfil at
Das TaN eB re ace Rtn aoe be ote hi a CRS U ELLE LL LES) ES OR eID LLL aise
Proactive strategic thinker with strong analytical, organizational andA commumicationA skills.A

Areas of Expertise
Cer cece ehcls) © Budgeting
© Fixed Asset and Property © Contract Management
* Accounts Receivable ¢ Board Of Directors Reporting
Cae eh ic0)l) © Staff Mamgement
Cee Cio reR el aiid © &€cExpense Reporting
© Reconciliationand Analysis «Settlement Payments
© General Ledger Entries Ca (on cloak slb oe
Accomplishments
© Project lead for the automntion and implementation of employee expense and vendor selfservice modules.
© Authored and established departmental check printing and ACH standard operating procedures.
¢ Streamiined operations and eliminated one full day from month-endA closing by condensing and automating vendor project retention fimds.
© Autormted Positive Pay and ACH notifications for faster and more reliable response time.
CP Muricut en cUn aero Benne crrcncl corm
© Created and Implemented an employee morale initiative "Where Everybody Counts" for the Office of Accounting,
© Managed employee benevolent find for 13 years as Secretary for the MARTA Employees Club. Streamlined the process in which

employees seek assistance and fimds distributed.

Professional Experience
PAU Oasis
Accountant III Company Name i City , State

Blot BetG al roe oeotnte asses ie WO hescctlacelicsencl) erat erismnnlenrnistaetectmNvre a eCRt now

Executes check printing and ACH direct deposits for AP, payroll third party and risk management vendors and employees.

&€cInitiates positive pay file, stop payments and void fie transfers to financial institution.

Capitalizes operating and project expenses according to policy.

Monitors fixed asset subledger for accuracy.

Reconciles fixed asset subledger to the general ledger control account for each chss of fixed assets and resolves any reconciling ites
monthly.

Codes/reclass invoices for fixed asset purchases with the appropriate general ledger account murber, business unit or cost center.

Audits invoices prior to payment for accuracy and compliance in accordance with accounting and Authority guidelines and statue.
Responsible for over fifty high volume contracts, ensuring accuracy and compliance with contracts terms, GAAP and authority procedures.
Manages $1M contract retainage and reconcile variances on a monthly basis.

Manages $5M operating accruals account.

Post monthly to the general ledger.

Reconciles financial data for the purpose of maintaining accurate account balances and ensuring compliance with established accounting
procedure.

Monitors account balances and related financial activity to ensure that allocations are accurate and comply with established financial
Fret ee

Verify appropriate approvals of invoices, investigate and resolve issues.

Trains staffand/or outside vendors regarding procedural requirements for transaction processing,

(Ole rl E se) Custis ne MDM Cue Len MMe aE COCR Euas ene Naess gesennogeieesd el Bice Hivarrancy
for the purpose of processing transactions.

Researches discrepancies of financial information and/or documentation to for the purpose of ensuring the accuracy and adhering to
established procedures prior to processing.

eR RNP
Credit / Collections Analyst Company Name 14 City , State

Co-mnnaged the Authority's short-term operational investrrent portfolios and intermediate-term reserve investment portfolios, totaling $300
million.

Completed daily cash management activities such as setting the daily cash position, fimds movement and the investment of excess fimds.
Prepared a rolling forecast of cash receipts and expenditures, encompassing in excess of $700 million annually.

Initiated all wire fimd transfers and manages transfer database.

Reviewed, analyzed and managed MARTA's credit policy to ensure the effectiveness of credit terms and credit granting practices.
Monitored, controlled and measured performance of the accounts receivable and its aging schedule for compliance with payment standards
(opr rulien ced eoki atin oben een ie
