ACCOUNTANT II

Ysotecc eral Rinineraing

A Highly analytical, results-driven tax accounting specialist who works quickly and accurately under tight deadlines. Extensive knowledge of
[Software program] .

als

© Account reconciliation specialist
Ce hciemes Bree eau snubs alc
© Self motivated professional

Cee ciheewalesl vcd

* Strong communication skills
Pacvonemitenven recs
PRBS )ireobeyhice

Work History
Accountant IT , 09/2013 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Individually responsible for creating Standard Operating Procedure manual for Accounting department which is currently being used by the
employees, new hires, executives and internal as well as extemal auditors.

© Solely responsible for creating and maintaining a monthly Statistical report that is generated through various banking transaction types, such
as deposits, withdrawals, payments, different types of loans booked, transfers and the factors affecting membership at the Credit Union.

® Talso analyze the report, looking for possible errors, researching the solution to the errors, correcting the errors and preparing the final
report which is reviewed and utilized by the Board Members, the CEO and other senior staff members to make executive decisions.

© Responsible for reconciling and monitoring complex General Ledger transactions affecting assigned accounts, researching the differences
PieRao ir ertineclinegehcintuelece carom ees neces ralCR uc ett em

© Responsible for ensuring expenses are coded to appropriate General Ledger accounts and that payments are submitted to vendors ina

firroariaiiiLo

Responsible for developing and establishing procedures to ensure adequate controls for accounting fictions are met.

Responsible for maintaining Troubled Debt Restructured (TDRs) files for auto loan, credit card loan and mortgage loan accounts and for

making necessary journal entries to record the recoveries in the books.

* Responsible for recurring journal entries.

¢ Responsible for maintaining accounting records and reports to ensure compliance using current GAAP principals and company policies.

Hummn Resources and Compliance Assistant , 09/2011 to 08/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Assisted HR Generalist in structuring and implementing new procedures and policies for benefits, incentives and new hires.

Maintained HR files and personnel files for 110 employees.

Assisted HR Generalist in new hire orientation.

Processed payroll for 110 employees in bi-weekly basis and prepared monthly, quarterly and yearly payroll report.

Updated Compliance programs on regular basis.

Maintained, assigned and tracked progress of completed course work for approximately 110 employees and 6 executives using the Better

Value and Service (BVS) Learning Managerrent System

* Worked with Human Resource Specialist, Training Manager and department managers to ensure staffneeds are met in Ine with compliance
department's strategic goals and federal regulatory requirements.

© General administrative support to the Compliance/Training Manager to include gathering statistical data and the filing of various required
regulatory reports.

© Track, record, and audit member accounts for money laundering or other suspicious account activities through use of Verafin autonmted

anti-money laundering software.

Accounting Assistant , 10/2010 to 08/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for entering approved bills into accounting system and processing checks, Automated Clearing House (ACH) and Electronic
Funds Transfer (EFT) to make payments.

© Responsible for maintaining vendors’ and accounts payable records including 1099's and W-9's.

© Responsible for preparing weekly reimbursement vouchers for business expenses and in charge of Corporate Visa Accounts for managers,
executives and board members.

© Responsible for processing Share Drafis and Daily Balancing of ending cash totals for all the branches.

© Provided back up support to all the accountant positions and assisted with accounting department projects as needed.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Accounting Business Administration , 5 2011
University of Maryland University College, Shady Grove Center -
Accounting Business Administration

Associate of Arts : Business Management , 5 2009

Montgonrry College -

Business Management

Affiliations
