ACCOUNTANT
Summary

Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.Capable Accountant successful at
mmnaging multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.

Dense rae ccq linc RR BR CHRO uaE secre) iis hile neBiarzans Eeaslihnes nue

BS ania}
Cie girstres| Fisica esti ns
© Advanced Microsoft Office - Excel, Word, Power Point, : yee eieiaiiss ta puial "
¢ Accounting software - SAP Fico, SAP BPC, Hyperion, AS 400, Acc Pac, iScala ere Ry a A
* AR/Credit System- CTOS, Polymath, SAP Copa cary Auer emai inh ie
as ae aa ee CMe GcrerlPasnamacenitnsd
¢ Filexibk team payer
« Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)

Accomplishments
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting. General Ledger Accounts A

© Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payabk, accrued expenses and line of credit
fst Leis

schivor anes
Accountant 07/2012 to 08/2015 Company Name

© Industry : Financial Services

© Monthly Sabry: MYR 7,300

¢ Daily operations, development and improverment of accounting processes - budget preparation, balance sheet, accounts receivables and
payable transactions, payments and credit control

* Preparation ofall financial and management reporting and budgeting.

Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close.

Monitoring of financial and treasury fictions including finds management, cash flow planning and projection, Draft full set audited financial

statements and attend to all audit queries/issues.

Responsible for company tax computation, tax compliance and tax planning,

Responsible for GST implementation and quarterly submission.

Liaise with auditors, tax agents, company secretary, bankers, external IT programmer and other local government authorities.

Responsible for implementation of new accounting system, HSBC online banking, CTOS and Polymath contract system (credit application,

reports, statement and etc) Responsible for withholding tax, calculation and allocation of cost sharing and intercompany billg.

Review, follow up and closely monitor bad debts report.

© Provide training to new and existing staff'as needed.

Assistant Finance Manager 05/2005 to 07/2012 Company Name

© Industry : Manufacturing & General Trading

PGs aye deem)

Managing subsidiaries month end closing process and consolidation as well reviewing to ensure accuracy, completeness and meeting
deadline given by Group Head Office (Sime Darby Berhad).

© Preparation, reviewing and timely submission of monthly, quarterly and annual Financial Reporting for subsidiary company.
Responsible for the preparation of yearly budget for subsidiary as well consolidation of the Budget Report for the Division.
Impkmentation of new financial consolidation system (BPC-SAP) for the Division, provide training, support and maintenance for local and
overseas subsidiary companies.

Responsible for data nupping and testing.

User ecHiioameeennicrrem (eek ORAM me ae cch com

Credit control and follow up on outstanding collection.

Treasury - trade finance, banking facilities, monitoring Bankers Acceptance, bank guarantees and cash flow monitoring,

Liaise with external auditor, company secretary, bankers, tax agents, lawyers and government authorities.

Ensure company's tax computation and submission is in order and made ina timely manner.

Lead the team, supervise and monitor accounts staff on closing of monthly management accounts.

Oversees, review and resolve all matters/problems in relation to accounts and taxation.

Accounts Executive Junior Executive 01/2000 to 05/2005 Company Name

Pe Cu Dee rte ikea
