STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Professional Profile

MW eresrip eyes ally
Qualifications
© Deltek Time and Expense 8.1; Costpoint 6.1; ADP
¢ Enterprise HR 5.0; ADP 5.30; eTime 3A; Ceridian; SAP
© Equity Edge, Acuity 4.10; Kronos; Nextgen;
© Office Suite, accounts payabk, benefits, budget, Contracts, documentation,
CEB scrorlboccommectin ccd
CE ecm Carexe Oli eS DI Ko ISOM Nyt) peg ne nT me Lead
CREO vatchaies rie aes oe e meter

Relevant Experience

Successfillly transitioned company from use of paper timesheets to an autormted payroll system within six months. Worked with human resources
ode ernclnc muchacha eesLeRurrereimctin direeg hwo Gemectned renee hed OBinaceReoetlnanasiecraliad Pay Le

Experience
Staff Accountant 08/2014 to Current
Leon etna Nek OSES

OD ORC ee Bele mecenid Hace b esse Oma sme acci Coen e RSM SU ICR eT atSe

Process times sheets with the use of the Kronos timekeeping system for all employees of the schools assigned.

Responsible for an annual payroll of over 18 million dollars.

Ue cce nom Tes cdc eMy rnin cone lente as

Responsible for entry of all direct deposit, W-4, and A-4 forms for all employees working for the Board using Nextgen accounting

Roi ie

Update supervisor as required for changes or corrections needed to compkte the monthly payroll processing.

¢ Analyze and access reports and data before finalizing the monthly payroll to identify variances or other anomalies that need to be corrected
nem em ies ben iererecy nem

© Ensure employees board approved payroll changes are calculated and prorated based on the required salary scheduk.

Work closely with the supervisor and team members to ensure implementation of processes are standardized and executed in accordance

with school board policies.

Payroll Administrator 07/2009 to 01/2014
Company Name City , State

Responsible for all payroll finctions.

Updated payroll records; including changes in employee tax exemptions, direct deposit, benefit deductions, and applicable gamishments.
Provided timesheet training and granted access credentials for all new hires.

Maintained payroll guidelines by writing and updating policies and procedures.

Complied with federal, state, and local legal requirements by studying existing and new Iegishtion.

Maintained professional and technical knowkedge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing
personal networks, and participating in professional societies.

velo anconmnstantvcemtnepcnticckooigeilinearercclbcivemenrcde aan «eel erenlinans ke econ

rely lec R co ALCP eOaOR IML onenacelduenccuimdueerlneklonentnees

Prepared and provided all requested documents and materials for annual payroll audit.

Tested Accounts Payable expenditures for annual Sox Audit.

Maintained employee confidence and protects payroll operations by keeping information confidential.

Supported organization's mission; committed to exceeding customer expectations through efficiency and quality service.

Left this position to attend to a family medical situation that has since been resolved.

Payroll Specialist 03/2001 to 03/2005
LOO ria N nek OS MESSI

Developed and processed confidential payroll documentation for approximtely 300 employees located throughout the Southeast Region.
Executed payroll budget of over $45 million through the payroll processing vendor and ensured final disburserrent of finds to employees.
Acted as Point of Contact for ADP and eTin systems for the Blood Services Division of the Alabarm Gulf Coast Region.

Conducted a study which resulted in improved accuracy of timesheet input, enhanced actual payroll output, and streamlined the payroll
timesheet process which yiekled greater efficiency.

Managed the payroll training of department timckeepers and monitored their daily progress.

A celer Bran cacg shire

technical manual from vendor training material that was deemed more user friendly by the trainees.

Provided a bi-weekly briefing to the Payroll Manager on hbor issues, status of payroll, and current projects.

Prepared and issued W-2's for the region ensuring accurate employee wage records and timely submission of tax documents in preparation
