STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Executive Summary

Motivated, enthusiastic and cheerful seeking a position that involves community, assisting city residence and positively interacting with people.
Experienced keader and Supervisor. Analytical and detail-oriented financial manager with over 26 years of expertise in goverment accounting and
financial management. Hardworking, detail oriented, honest, effective and outgoing. Authorized to work in the US for any employer

Core Qualifications

Cte tad
© Supervision and training = *- Training and Development
© Sound judgment CP erie eRe) el cy
Ce siricae Vacate} OMe eah Ww rslsc
¢ Calm under pressure ¢ Budget Development
© Budget Forcasts
Professional Experience
01/2015 to 01/2016

Staff Accountant Company Name 14 City , State

© Maintain accurate timely accounting records for all entities and includes implementation of accounting policies and procedures.

© Plan, develop and implement procedures for more efficient, accurate, informative and timely financial reporting that can provide management
with the tools to effectively direct the organization.

Reconcik and review accounts, balance sheets and invoices.

Ensure that all mvoices are auditable and supported by request, approval, invoice and receipt of material request.

Determine estinmted costs by expense account code required for 6 month budget cycle.

Receive and review and make proper payments on incoming invoices.

01/2012 to 01/2015
Federal Accountant Company Name

* Responsible for recording and depositing federal payments.
¢ Responsible for certifying outgoing payments.

© Responsible for posting To By Other (TBO's) transactions to balance with US.

© Treasury.

© Tasked ensuring end-of month financial reports balance with government financial systems.
© Responsible for compiling daily balancing reports for daily reconciliation of fimds.

01/2003 to 01/2011
Resource Officer Company Name

Responsible for the recording, reporting and reconciling over $200,000,000.00 of expenditures within the U.S.

Marine Comps Accounting system

Retired ftom USMC after 24 years of'service.

Ensured compktion ofall levels of the accounting cycle to include commitrents, obligations, expenses and liquidations for both MFP-11

Be IS MAT ees Leice

© Ensured the validity and accuracy of financial records by maintaining continuous oversight of all accounting transactions and policy as
required by regulation.

© Supported the commands financial plan by ensuring the proper executing and recording of accounting transactions in ckarly defined
featanele em

* Formuhted and supervised the execution of policies and procedures pertaining to the accounting Marine Corps operating forces and

supporting establishments.

Identified and initiated corrective accounting action in SABRS, HQMC and USSOCOM when necessary.

Established an accounting training program ensuring proper accounting training to all find managers to properly utilize accounting and supply

systems in MARSOC to better support the operators requirements.

Coordinated and conducted all fiscal assist visits to MARSOC fund holders.

Provided accounting structure and authorizations in the Defense Travel System (DTS).

Liaison to both USMC and USSOCOM for all accounting systems issues.

Supervised staff of over 30 to include both civilian and military personnel.

Briefed Commanders, senior military officials and financial analysts about financial and regulatory matters.

Inspected accounting systems for efficiency, effectiveness, and use of accepted accounting procedures and policy to record transactions.

Formuhted and supervised the execution of policies and procedures pertaining to the accounting for appropriated finds supporting the U.S.

Marine Coms Forces, Special Operations Command (MARSOC), Marine Corps operating forces and supporting establishirents.

OTA T Art edeltk)
Financial Management Resource Amilyst Company Name

© Complied with federal, state, and Department of Defense (DOD) policies, procedures, and regulations.
* Cormpiled statistical, financial, accounting or auditing reports and tables pertaining to expenditures, accounts.
