CORPORATE ACCOUNTANT

Summary

I ama highly motivated, hardworking College Graduate with hands on experiences in daily accounting practices looking to obtain a position with a
company where I can utilize my analytical abilities and professional skills acquired through academic preparation and work experience. I am an
accounting professional recognized for my self-starting abilities and skilled in regulatory reporting,accounting operations and tax accounting, I am
mitriculate, results-oriented and solution-focused individual with great motivational and keadership qualities that work extremely well under
pressure in a team setting as well as on my own. Areas of personal strengths include but are not limited to:

Highlights
* Organizational Skills * Analytical reasoning
© Communication Skills © Financial statement analysis
© Time Ment. Skills © Strength in regulatory reporting
Gearlog © Compliance testing knowledge
¢ Analytical Abilities © Understands foreign tax reporting
Ce sxe) CEB cil ena@eneectinkon nati
Cae Bl ovt ety a Buh ey « Account reconciliation expert
CR Hirt enya bes © Complex problem solving
® Work Ethics Psion ekesustilral cena eclelcy
© Probkem Solver © SEC and call reporting proficiency
© Prioritizing Ability © General ledger accounting
© SelfStarter © Superior research skills
¢ Punctual ¢ Flexible team player
Cy. © Advanced computer proficiency
* Microsoft Great Phins © Indepth familiarity with Microsoft Excel
© QuickBooks CMe rece ens BuielLeaneng
© Microsoft Outlook Familiarity © Microsoft Power Point
* Microsoft Access Knowledge © Microsoft Publisher Knowledge
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Corporate Accountant 04/2013

Prepare accurate and timely financial statements and supporting financial information.

Prepare daily journal entries and general ledger account reconciliations.

Prepare and analyze monthly/quarterly/annual financial statements and management reports accurately and ina timely manner.

Record and maintain fixed asset purchases and applicable depreciation and amortization schedules.

Prepare variance analysis to budget and forecast. Support in compilation of annual and periodic budget informtion.

Prepare and maintain in good standings and according to GAAP standards various marketing schedules in various currencies.

Review, code and process employee expense report in multiple countries and currencies.

Assist in meeting Tax Compliance including, Annual Corporate Tax Filings and Regulatory Local and International Certifications.

Prepare and reconcile monthly Goods and Services entries.

Reconcile all corporate banking transactions.

Complete monthly cash flow analysis.

Zev riecl eu iLewteemerenlitares coasts

Respond to various queries and requests from externaVintemal auditors.

Ensure GAAP are being applied appropriately.

Prepare timely and accurate Net Assets Values, yields, distributions, and other fimd accounting outputs for subsequent review.

Prepare intercompany netting (off-set warrants) for the affiliate companies.

Record accurately, and in accordance of the department policies and procedures, such accounting records as securities positions, corporate
Bivceice rela cemMint onan) cette cs

Reconcile various accounts, or review reconciliations prepared by others, and promptly researching and correct any variances.

Identify exceptions and problems affecting accounting records and prices, efficiently communicating sare to management, and actively
BROSnngblbeim ce sam iece)NLeicy

Assist, as assigned, in preparing audit schedules, compliance reports, N-SARs, tax returns, financial statements, or other reports. Write
detailed reports periodically to management on company activities and other related issues.

Research, as assigned, certain assets in find portfolios for the purpose of ensuring proper accounting treatrrent (such as the nature of the
distributions, original issue discounts, and international valuations) and compliance with SEC, tax, and prospectus restrictions and limitations.
Institutional accountings processes also include preparing, reconciling, and distributing entity reports to/from marketing, separate custodians
Premiere @eralestiatrea

Company Name City , State Accountant 05/2011
