STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Tam currently a graduate student im Masters of Science in Finance Managerent and IT and a CPA candidate with expected compketion by the
end of 2017. I aman Accounting and Finance professional with 4+ years extensive experience in fill financial statement reporting, month end
closures, Review of G\L, Balance Sheet and Statement of Revenue and Expenses, and Financial Risk assessment as well as budget analysis and
various reconciliations.

Core Qualifications

orem ere nynmcornt

Financial Modeling End of the Month Closing

Ss eae Arlo We Wan a coer

Grant Accounting/ Grant Reporting and budget modeling
Account Payabkes/Receivabks aging reporting Analysis
Excel, Outlook

Knowledgeable in Microsoft Dynamics

erie anauearnel cA

Proficient in QuickBooks

Quick keamer

Results-oriented

Financial records and processing

schivor anes
PUES ORHAN
Staff Accountant Company Name

Full charge bookkeeper Report and provide assistance directly to the CFO/Controlkr on all finance and accounting matter such as: Board
Financial Meeting preparation Financial Statement reporting G/L reconciliation, Monthly Balance Sheet Reconciliation Statement or Position
and Cash Flows analysis Revenue Audition according to grants agreements Operation Budget and Expenses Analysis Maintaining all
aspects of Accounting such as AR, AP, Revenue and Deferred Revenue recognition, adjusting entries, depreciation scheduk, grants' budget
monitoring,

Rrra aCr hts ce MCR adsncceekecrarPectcar Mune chor Ruan ya ckrorrn aot etre |
account reconciliation processes and internal controls .

[Ooch o Real ced coc enemies Le MOR Hice hem Ma cloes bale Ke

Monthly calculation ofall grants variances, estimate at complete and budget forecasts and actualization.

Recommendation of salaries and fringes’ allocation benchmark.

Monitored multiple grants' agreemnnts to keep track of actual revenue, deferred revenve and restricted/umrestricted assets.

Audit schedules preparation and financial information forwarding to auditors Work with auditors for all year end adjusting entries

PROS cto cmt n or iiacare mbna coaselcrr let Rrctickenn irae COV Is2 Oe we VRE

Reviewed Grants’ award letters, budget narratives and related invoicing conditions for compliance with organization's F&A. Slaries and
Fringe allocation benchmarks.

Modeled grants’ budget spread sheets with actuals and calculated variances Grant's monthly budget monitoring financial analysis and
reporting to programs managers and CFO.

Cakulted FTE and fringe benefit allocation's benchmark according to intemally developed allocation benchmarks within the guidelines of
OMB Cire 21 and ensured accurate update of wages allocation in ADP A

* Managed and reviewed State and Foundations grants’ monthly expenditures according to signed agreements and OMB Cire 21 guidelines.
© Produced monthly update on grants' account receivable aging reports at grants’ ending period and reconciled the deferred revenue to the

Priests atecn

Prepared and submitted all State (DOHMH) request of payments (Form 437) and quarterly reports (Form 438) and performance measure
(Form 440A) in compliance with grants requirements.

Reconciled all grants monthly invoices to grant budget lines to effect finds drawdowns and ensure effective budget monitoring,

Conducted monthly budget, financial and fiscal review and reported updates to program managers.

Reconcile various payments drawdowns from State (DHMH, DLLR) to billings and grants budget line and recognize revenue accordingly.
Full Circle Accounting Support Reconciled various bank account balances to the G/L.

Recorded all cash receipts and remotely deposited check and prepared transmittals Analyzed and reconciled G/L accounts details and
corrected discrepancies Prepared month-end and year-end journal entries.

CEPR oioetnivenin sbi chinLaes cdr acd adnan muenaesucneclmece ae ihe em
© Generated various financial reports Balance Sheet account reconciliation with the GL Assisted controller in the development of ABC's

Operating budget and review Grants’ budgets proposal before submission.

* Reviewed account payables monthly transactions for compliance with GAAP and posted month end adjusting entries and accruals
© Supervised all journalized cash receipts and cash disburserrents for proper coding.
© Corrected discrepancies between Statement of Revenues and original budgets Created all Account Receivables and monitored aging report

Bluaeyceli aa

Monitored all operating cash accounts and performed remote checks deposit Maintained the Chart Account and all related cost centers’
codification.

Successfillly led key project towhich resulted in [positive outcome] .
