ACCOUNTANT
Summary

Currently looking for Long TernYPermanent/Contract Opportunity Financial Statement Management Reporting Cost Accounting Asset
Managerrent Budgeting & forecasting Cash Flow Management Payroll Functions Audit Preparation Inventory Control

CAREER SUMMURY A competent, efficient and highly motivated professional with hands on experienced in the fields of Fmance and
Connected department. Over 8 years experience (5 years in Qatar) ina multi-cultural environment. Successfull back ground in Trading,

lOO elieens Roe cuon ULeMlomenicet El aoe eed sO LULCe Om nese elaum sly neem Voie eis Les talnmine lead
finalization of accounts, and preparation of various reports for accounting purpose & managerial decisions. Dedicated and compkte multiple tasks
follow through to achieve project goals and excellent knowledge to accounting software/computer programs. Successfully completed diplom in
Manual and Computer Accounting Packages from Shreeshankaracharya, kerah, India. Excellent knowledge in Tally ERP Peachtree & Daceasy.
Working knowkdge in Delta Software Doha Qatar Proficiency in Microsoft A Office

Experience
Accountant , 01/2009 to 05/2012 Company Nane

Positive Trading and Contracting is MEP contractors generally undertake design, supply, installation and maintenance of all
ekctromechanical works and Trading,

CE UVceonionmeecnonl miner OO Law auenicnge dine Qe si

Primarily responsibk for balance sheet account reconciliations including Accounts Payable and Accounts Reccivabk, and compkte
Blleketue kere ren tla khcm

Ako handked daily transactions and journal entries, Job Costing and Reporting.

Ensuring that set Accounting Processes, policies, systems and programs are followed.

Relee eres] ives

Responsibke for the maintenance of the accounts and accounting system of the company for the purpose of generating the company’s
irene ese en a

Handling of update tasks to ledgers and carried out journal entries transaction, customer ledger, cash receipts, Payment voucher.
Reconciling of Accounts Payable and Receivable.

Urea enyuA NU Sob Oe PANcee nce Male Leniee mean lh) om

Cross checking all Bills, Voucher Verification and Other documents.

Banking - Cakulating Project cash requirement, Preparation of Bank reconciliation statements.

Responsible for office Petty Cash and verification vouching of accounts by verifying the nature and authenticity of expenses.

Issuing the LPO and Monitor purchase price variance of raw materiab.

Costing and cakulation of material consumption.

Reconcile balance sheet accounts to appropriate subsidiary ledgers and performs account analysis to ensure appropriate adjustments are
recorded timely.

Payroll - Coordinated monthly payroll fimctions for 200+ employees and Calculte over time Manage timely payment of worker's
compensation Interface with External Auditors.

Accountant cum Admin / Finance &HR Company Name
NO cr rome ICAU ben OOD EAAU

Tees ialea bea en Cnlceon sine inecnibisies sid bloc) Ruben el konto

As An Administrator responsible for providing Accounting ckrical support of the team and coordinating the Administration department.
Job Responsibilities.

Handling of update tasks to ledgers and carried out journal entries transaction, customer ledger, cash receipts.

Providing financial, administrative and clerical services in order to ensure effective, efficient and accurate financial and administrative
year t ete

yen mm Onn toiLa ed tacekodineitocominio ce aiime conte rime newt) acta

POPS Ce minceneiiaunea weevereuiibomwlnbotines ids

OE Kin aca AB Penna Nomeremiyoleateen ane

Prepares statement of accounts and follow up colkctions.

Prepares cheques and official receipts Coordinated monthly timesheet for payroll fiinctions Maintaining employee files and the HR filng
system Reconcik merchant statement of account with company records.

Responsibke in documentation and other general office duties.

Page 2 of 3 Shameeh CV TAX MATTERS- Auditing& Tax Consulting Firm INDIA Job Rok/Department : Accountant Trainee /Finance
Duration :2005 May to 2006 April Tax mutters Provides full range of audit and accounting services in accordance with international
standards including auditing, taxation and other Financial consulting services to dynamic businesses ofall sizes.

Working with a wide range of businesses, charities, social enterprises, , sole traders, high net worth individuals Job Responsibilities.
radio ceh meee cm

Bank reconciliation.

Stock estimation.

Two way comparison).
