ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Taman enthusiastic, honest, dedicated and professional individual who has integrity and an ambition to succeed in any given environment. Although
Thave extensive experience in the Medical Billing and Accounting industries, I also have experience in many other areas and ] amalways up to a
challenge whatever the situation. I work well with others, as well as on my own. I amsecking a career where I can develop and excel while
exceeding both personal and professional goals.

Skills
¢ Accounting operations professional .
0 eee : rearpeinouna
° Saar i be diepats st . eatinipealtatr en
: Paani alia * Strong in MS Access and Excel
PENbsoreminonleneoneerl : ieee ae fons
© Account reconciliation specialist eee anes
© Selfmotivated professional nani Tas
ys . oC eS tion of Diseases (ICD.9CM)
¢ Account reconciliation * Medical bill auditing

Work History

Accountant , 02/2014 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.

Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.

Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures and reconciliations for multiple accounts each month.
Analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.

Successfilly implemented new technologies and process autormation to encourage continuous improvement.

Facilitated successful internal audits through thorough documentation and organization.

Reconciled discrepancies between accounts receivabke general ledger account and accounts receivable trial balance account.
Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies.

Balanced monthly general ledger accounts to accurately record cost and month end accruals.

Supervised invoice processing, purchase orders, expense reports, credit memos and payment transactions.

Performed payroll for 100+ employees and 7 retail store locations

Accountant / Executive Assistant , 09/2010 to 12/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Supported management through risk identification, control testing and process improvernent procedures.

Analyzed and reviewed cost reports and communicated final results to suppliers.

Reported internal control issues to management and supplied comprehensive recommendations to mitigate the associated risks.
UI CEEe Ae MCHIN GH coe ni ELO orca ecwrelceibenieiaecoR lesen atte

Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.

Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.

Created daily and weekly cash reports for accounting management.

Reconciled vendor statements and handled payment comphints or discrepancies.

Reviewed all expense reports for accuracy and proper expense disclosure.

Managed the CEO's complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinated the pre-planning of trips.
Managed external contacts for CEO and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.
Developed and maintained an alert system for upcoming deadlines on incoming requests and events.

Accountant / Medical Billing & Collections Supervisor , 01/2008 to 09/2010
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Supervised a medical collection team of 15 employees.

Performed complex general accounting fimctions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations.
Reviewed collection reports to determine the status of collections and the amounts of outstanding balances.

Monitored payments due fromclients and promptly contacted clients with past due payments.

Xe e teen ret he mecKeleCiCMm NORE im be lcemiemeiitneeony Tera ee Recline cctenoeE el loce

Introduced new and efficient accounting, financial and operational systems.

Managed and responded to all correspondence and inquiries from customers and vendors.

Increased profits by 69%A by spearheading the Medical Collection Dept A

Accountant / Executive Assistant , 01/2005 to 12/2007
Company Name 4€“ City , State
