PROJECT ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Quality-focused accounting professional with over 15 years processing invoices, managing vendors and auditing expense reports. A strong desire
and ability to maximize profits and control costs with respect to maintaining effective internal controls related to Accounts Payable. Knowledge and
or eT ec VAM ioc eng oie sti waa ec @entce ms esha Srreek bye Een tvce

Highlights
SkilsTimberline Accounting software, Foundation Accounting software, Spectrum, JD Edwards, Ebuilder,
Microsoft Office applications,
© Knowkdge of Sage
[Coron Postamiacetiunee lutte Cae ci sitelsitas
plaateens
Strong communication skills CREO el osucel) cit
or Eso) aiid
Effective time management

Accounts receivabk professional

CU <a aren)

schivor anes

Project Accountant Mar 2015 to Current
Company Name - City , State

Verified details of transactions, including tenant allowance requests and lease verification. Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice
payments.Coordinated approval processes ofall accounts payabke invoices including tenant allowance requests and commission
PEW U AM reebeniearekes bec Lecscaraucrins acetal cebiy Ales nem

ircP chem NP RE Ce a cers)
Company Name - City , State

© Responsible for office management including new hires/rehires.

© Responsible for processing invoices and creating purchase orders for approval.
* Assisting with union payroll processing.

© Responsible for running financial reports for management review.

Staff Accountant Dee 2011 to Jan 2013
Company Name - City , State

© Responsible for all Accounts Payable using Foundation software Responsible for all Accounts Receivable including AIA billings, lien
Soha MET PBs Weren@eeciin ion

© Responsible for Payroll including union reporting.

© General Ledger journal entries as needed.

Office Administrator Sep 2008 to Jun 2010
Company Name - City , State

* Cakuhted figures such as discounts, percentage allocations and credits. Verified details of transactions, including finds received and total
account balances.Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.Coordinated approval processes of all accounts
payable invoices. Balanced batch summmry reports for verification and approval. Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.

Project Accountant Nov 2005 to Jul 2008
Company Name - City , State

Comprehensive management of the Accounts Payable finction for a $40 million General Contractor Responsible for compilation of
extensive loan draw packages and respective documentation reviewed and approved by banks, owners/developers, architects, construction
control companies and owners representatives.

Worked closely with the Controller, Contract Administrator, and Project Managers insuring billing accuracy.

Close interaction with sub-contractors ensuring proper documentation submitted with monthly billings.

* Completed annual certified courses covering aspects of Nevada Revised Statutes pertaining to Nevada lien and contract hw.

Accomplishments
Reduced invoice over payments by 30%.

Education
