ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Flexible bookkeeper/ accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technologies.
Highlights
¢ Account reconciliations
© Accounts Payabk/Receivable Complex problem solving
* Bank reconciliations Creative Problem Solving
Eire ewes voice a soni Le esi nel WenUM CBEST aTLaLade
Complex problem solving Excellent managerial techniques
Cost accounting Mult? Task Management
General edger accounting Strong communication skills
Periodic financial reporting expert Strategic planning
Intuit QuickBooks specialist
RYN

Accomplishments

© My professional accomplishments are in the area of gaining well rounded accounting knowledge about the business and commumicating how
the bottom Iine is affect by decisions.

© Iwas part ofa team that created, advised and implemented SAP in North America whik working for Colgate.

¢ Atother businesses I helped implement several different accounting software solutions.

schivor anes
UU ROLE
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Handled the day to day accounts payable, accounts receivable, monthly financial closing, work in process, and saks tax.

01/2007 to 08/2016
Co-Owner Company Name iA City , State

© Created a business plan to help preserve a historic landmark building and encourage economic development in Historic downtown Rogers.

* Created from scratch Poor Richard's Art (an artist co-op) and then purchased The Rabbit's Lair and tuned it into a fabric & fiber center
lila cenlece Led cen eM LescmePatieC nen

© Handkd all day to day operations, finances, management of employees, strategic planning, and worked with City of Rogers to help with
beautification and implementation of events.

11/2001 to 01/2007
Orem Ou rreciiv aN i hres eI El)

© BKP was created affer I had my daughter and wanted a more stay at home job.

© It tured into a bookkeeping/accounting firm that had 7 employees and over 120 different business customers.

* BKP specialized in small businesses that needed a bookkeeper to come to their site and keep their accounting records up-to-date and train
them in the day-to-day accounting needs.

© BKP was sok to Beall Barchy is 2005, where I became the Business Development Manager.

eR ruse]
FXCat nea Elcom Aur NaN nL ALOIS MES HIe)

* Hanna's was a company that had grown so fast it needed process, procedures, and software to bring it up to speed.
© Whik I was there we implemented new software, audits, and inventory controls for the retail shops.

OT anh a ee)
Cost Accounting Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Myjob was to implement SAP software.
© Starbuck's was going through their manufiicturing processes and creating a cost accounting system.
© Itwas a fabulous job, I just found the Seattle gray days too hard.

SESE nbd es)
Cost Accounting Manager Company Name 1% City , State

* I begin as a cost-accountant for the Irish Spring portion of manufacturing at the Kansas City, Ksplant.

CREAM GhERhi eke tersiicemelce nce bo a bemtililid aU inner eneccmery emu eure pneaces Aca Ony aia

© This is where I fell m love with accounting and helping the manufacturing team understand how it worked for them or against them

© During my tin at Colgate, I was involved in the cost of unions, strikes, complete downsizing of administrative roles, different general
managers of the facility, and working with New York on monthly reports and annual budgets.
