ACCOUNTANT

Ss

Experienced, highly motivated work ethic, with results-driven professionalism, recognized for commitment to excellence, and demonstrates
expertise in communicating and collaborating with, peers, and clients. Portrays excellent business acumen, and successfilly provide accurate
Accounts Receivables, Collections and Accounts Payable initiatives that achieves targeted company goals. Self motivated professional, able to
work independently or in a team environment, demonstrating broad based and transferable qualifications.

Highlights

Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Windows computer systems and Mac operating system.

© Account reconciliation
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point). . ae ledger accounting
© Flexible team player

Basic experience with QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions 9.0, Sage/MAS Software, Peachtree, and Microsoft
FACeen

schivor anes

Company Name January 2010 to November 2013 Accountant

lena El CG

Managed over 10 million per month in revenue.

Accurately applied payments to vendor accounts.

Researched and resolved incorrect payments, EOB rejections, and other issues with outstanding accounts.
Successfilly boosted collections fiom 40% to 90% within 2 years.

Trained new and existing employees on all new procedures and computer programs.

Ran monthly aging reports to compik billing statements for vendors for outstanding invoices.

Utilize the following: HCFA (CMS 1500YICD-9/CPT/HCPCS Coding and UB-04 to prepare and submit chims for MLTC billing,
J Drttke stele ace treesner ice Meie ep pe rakel§ cons ea

Run AVP checks for vendor payment using an internal software RealWorld.

Prepare A/P checks for signature.

Responsible for running reports for month-end and year-end closing, reconciliation of the GL and journal entries.
Insure office practices are in compliance with HIPAA regulations.

Davie Os ero I COMTI Cha Ol ecMen@ sl eyucl toe

Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts whik under tight deadlines.

Company Name March 2006 to November 2008 Accountant
lena El CG

© Responsible for follow-up and explanation of AX, VI & MC credit card accounts and issue Debit Memos to travel agencies for all
chargeback's debited to EL AL Israel Airimes.

* Handkd large volunes of credit card disputes (Inquiries & Chargeback's) by communicating with the credit card department, travel

Aiea recite gccca ne cm

Created an Excel database in order to update disputes log as they are solved.

Assisted the supervisor with month end and year end close.

Including but not limited to preparing and entering journal entries, running reports and reconciling airline tickets in the database.

Reconciliation of accounts, such as, Airline Tickets, Personal Expense Accounts, Petty Cash Accounts and more.

Created a company procedure manual and trained new and existing coworkers how to do the job according to the new procedures.

Made sure that the department deadlines are met.

Handkd all aspects of reconciling general ledgers.

Responsible for checking and paying all personal expenses to employees.

Performed payroll for hourly employees using the ADP system

Company Name January 2003 to August 2005 Bookkeeper
lena El CG

© Assist in accounts payable/accounts receivable.

Maintain spreadsheets and records of store sales and expenses.
Step vam mineieke cere melicn

(Oi eeu mune Ones ads erage ces

Weer b reese Cerna emu tice

cetera ec eta AInT ae

Siam nye sem

Company Name November 2013 to Current Accountant
lena El CG
