ACCOUNTANT
Summary

Selfmotivated accountant offering a strong work ethic and determination to complete tasks ina timely manner. Accurate and detail-oriented with
Oar oIU eters rem iiestt Sem eral) Celi em

Perentens

Proficient in Microsoft Office
ee see cel ME oveicey Bereta Pcs
Strong conmumication skills «Risk managerrent expertise
Expert in customer relations
Portfolio management Financial statement analysis

rN General ledger accounting

Accomplishments

Achieved an internal audit score of 95%.

Promoted to Auditor after just 3 months ofemployment.

Boosted quality ratings by 85% by developing new processes and improving work flow,

schivor anes
PACU nels
Current to Septerber 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Prepare unpaid reports on actual expenses for marketing line of business.

Create and maintain pending and process able database.

Prepare and setup vendor purchase orders contracts as well as CRX temphates.

Verify finding and SAP project code against the most recent budget/forecast submission.

Key invoices into ePurchase system as well as approve and reconcile invoices.

Track invoices from submission to payment on database.

Monitor invoice central mailbox that will include invoice submission by marketers, purchase order request.

Respond to marketing or other intemal staff inquiries regarding vendor invoices and templates as well as analytical request.
Special projects as required.

Accounting Coordinator Associate
August 2011 to May 2014 Company Name 1 City , State

Prepare and modify excel pivot table reports as well as reconcile and balance.

Analyze data within pivot table and HSA databases.

Assist business analyst in gathering and analyzing large sets of complex data.

TO eloet CPPS hy CoeG Leer Lem cL Biante

Respond to marketing, brokers, clients and other internal staff inquiries regarding account setup, exceptions, disbursements and payments as
well as analytical request.

Conduct routine audits as needed as well as generate monthly reports on findings.

Setup all financial and personal information for new groups.

Served as liaison for marketing, brokers and clients to resolve member issues or the setup of new accounts.

Assisted with testing, identifying gaps and recommending new improvements on processing work more efficiently.

rNratoy
February 2007 to August 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

Led cross-fimetional teams to analyze and understand the operational impacts and opportunities of teclmology changes.

Developed metrics used to determine inefficiencies and areas for improvement. Tracked, analyzed and interpreted trends in [Data type] data.
Documented process flows and developed requirements for fimctional improvements and enhancements.

[Xero bra nyiba eat Ral SCR aici Pecoe nce me cR COO enecileicmencceReieltemin diene

Review and identify claims reviewers errors and determine the cause of the error and provide written audit documentation regarding audit
ean ony

Analyze and review response to audit observations and facilitate corrective action plan.

Collborated with directors and mamgers to investigate questionable issues and failed compliance procedures.

Acted as a Team Lead for additional team support as well as point of contact for the Review Department to ensure teams are in compliance
and deficiency codes were used effectively.
