CCL OTN NO OOO UTNE Y
Career Focus

To obtain a position which will allow me to utilize skills I have acquired through my education and work experiences whik continuing to expand my
knowledge. Energetic and motivated student dedicated to providing top-quality patient care. I have ten years of administrative support service with
five years of that being in a senior position. I work proficiently in a team environment and demonstrate excellent interpersonal skill. 1 am detailed
and multi-task oriented and believe that I can efficiently accomplish any task placed before me.

I Rance)
Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification 2013-Present

Skill Highlights
© Skilled in conducting physical
Bicecsinet''
© Post-operative care
© BLS certified
© Committed to pediatric nursing

© Type 72 WPM
© Computer skills: MS Word/ExceVPowerPoint/Outlook, RIS, Health Connect, Symposium,
Mainframe, Abraxas, SAP

Professional Experience
General Accountant
April 2010 to April 2011 Company Name 14 City , State

Be Neos loll ecm VEL MMRLabeC LetndiM lee (cag UBL eLeni cn Me CR LOPS ELeBS ech acme CMreti@ ie ce mt end
customers, balance books for end of month closing.

Medical Bilkr/Colkector
December 2009 to April 2010 Company Name if City , State

¢ Responsibilities: Post charges/payments, Maintained patient charts and confidential files, transcription, prepare progress reports for workers
compensation cases, process liens for liability cases, manage M.D.'s calendars, prepare subpoenas, answer high-volume phones, front desk
check-in and scheduling,

Lead of Clerical Services
August 2000 to December 2009 Company Name i4 City , State

© Responsibilities: Provide administrative support for senior management, present education/training to all new clerical staff, including cross-
training for multiple service areas, Maintained patient charts and confidential files., prepare statistical reports for senior managerent,
transcribe diagnostic reports, prepare weekly staffing assignments, coordinate calendars and meetings, involvement in interviewing new-
hires, organize general staff meetings to provide informtion to all levels of workforce, in addition to minute taking, prepare special handling
reports, provide performance evaluations for all clerical staff, and prepare invoices from outside facilities. Prepared for HIPAA and JCAHO
reviews, ensuring required brochures and pamphiets were available to patients in all clinics.

Education and Training
Bachelor of Science : Nursing , 2016 California State University, Northridge i City , State, USA

© Attendance: 2014-Current
Cel EOl YN

Associate of Science : Nursing , 2015 College of the Canyons 1% City , State, USA GPA: GPA: 3.77
Registered Nursing

e Attendance: July, 2008-Current
© GPA:3.68

Heeater| i uueecrnd

* Completed 320 hours of clinical work

¢ Recorded patients’ medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.

© Monitored post-op vitals, fluids, reviewed post-op orders and orient patients to unit.

PEP ACOSO CI Ibe R UN Leaner eebreueluamlominslaa

¢ Provided education to patients on detox and withdrawal, medications, addiction, recovery, coping skills and commumity resources.
