PAYROLL ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Has a strong work ethic with over 7+ years working in a fast paced environment providing high level support for senior management and various
department teams. Extremely experienced in handing Administrative, Accounting, Payroll, Human Resources, and clerical tasks. Excellent at multi-
tasking effectively, implementing decisions, enhancing productivity, meeting companies’ goals and deadlines, and working in an individual and team
work environment with little oversight. My business background allowed me to obtain the skills to be veryA organized, detaikd- orientated,A
professional, confidential, trustworthy, patient, helpful, trainable, dependabk, and resourcefill,
Highlights
© Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint); internet and Outlook
QuickBooks
SKILLS:
QuickBooks, pivot tables, PeopleSoft, People Tools, Microsoft office, CSC Point IN system, and Pro Series
Strong interpersonal, analytical, problem analysis, technical, organizational, commumication, and data entry skills.
Journel entries sap professionalism, adaptable, and trainabk.
Efficiently able to multitask while adequately consistent with prioritizing tasks
© Strong leadership with great attention to detail for optimal results

schivor anes

Payroll Accountant Apr 2014 to Current

ee AN aE ON SILC

co rN iN rN Processed and managed payroll for over 500+ union and non-union employees on bi-weekly basis

a—A AAA Worked closely with CFO and Controller handling month end close projects, audit, and other special projects.

a—A AAA Mentored and trained C-level, Managers, and Staffon ADP (Human Resources and Payroll process functions).

a—A AAA Maintained a system of confidentiality and internal control safe guarded policies with compliance to GAAP.

a—A AAA Coordinated as well as trained both HR and Finance team with inputting new hires, terminations, benefits deductions, tax
exemptions, accruals, payouts, union, PTO, and salary information n ADP. 4a—A A A A Main point of contact when answering payroll inquiries
professionally via phone, emnils, and in person. i—A A A A Monitored and kept track of employee wages, hours, PTO, deductions, accruals,
[ove ame amen b PND) om

a—A AAA Prepared daily, quarterly, monthly, and annual reports (Payroll Template, NYS45, 1095, W-2, Journal entries, Overtime, Hours,
pecs cuu soe Lem Ouruo se eke etal Cesc nets

Fee WWW .S oo CRS i de trom nos rom Rms acc mes renionineraecrerenpeny ct oe

a—A AAA Handled submitting Voya payments, gamishment check payments, sorting and distributing employees’ paycheck.

a—A AAA Implemented new payroll processes to reduce having payroll reernrneee Preeantc nee rrants| ke rae om

a—A AAA Generated and provided various reports for upper management analysis upon request in ADP for each pay period.

Received, filed and processed paperwork and documents for on- boarding employees.
Assisted in implementing [Type] program which decreased payroll errors [Number] %.
Prepared reports by compiling summaries of nontaxable wages, disability, leave, deductions, taxes and eamings.

Reduced payroll accrual processing time [Nurber] % by using payroll reports and [Software] .

Constructed eave pay scheduks, processed payroll gamishments and worked closely with Human ResourcesA to pay out bonuses, severances,
service awards and special paymrents.A

ae

ae

Accounts Receivable Nov 2013 to Apr 2014

Company Name i City , State

CO clethenlunenaanivcceindecloLcme mena mat emi acs
© Handkd the checks and kept record ofall the Cash received in excel.
« Aided in creating and sending out Notice of Cancellation letters to companies with overdue accounts.

© Resolved in getting the company 100% caught up with cancellation ktters to 1000+ past due accounts.
© Managed to get 80% of incoming profits from overdue accounts,

Accounting/Finance Intem Jul 2013 to Aug 2013
Company Name i City , State

© Retrieved, posted, printed, and inputted journal entries.
