SALES EXECUTIVE
Sumnnry

Saks and Customer Service Professional with proven record of accomplishment growing client list and maintaining existing clients. Delivered
POSS reesi ce reo No eEn Oem Hatem ce lca uc Ce oo es melcesiimieanr sae sad
troubkeshooter, innovative problem-soher. Proactive in ensuring high kevels of client satisfaction. Diverse Sales Experience Selling to Businesses, in
Medical and Commercial as well as Selling to Consumers. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skill; talent for quickly establishing
oR e Ten edn heed Nl Mond Menm nemo Rc Oem Com ered ocho iae kare cnet sg
Oe cee roa coe a iecd queria me Pn E ND Ven clod pocorn Rub orca sr ctsolliea Ce shat el
Level. Both a Hunter and a Harvester who enjoys prospecting, presenting and closing the sale, as well as client retention and stellar customer
Raat com

Highlights
PEC p ese CRUD COON mn Eom ene aeRineiccs< MEMES EN CSP Braumeeln sine Oa ala O incre nr eM tres el crt
to over tvo and a half million per month. The company had five and required another employee to assist with servicing the
ee L OE eac cal heaven alba ia\na kaa) ue rneka ons e ete ANCE acme) etre ecprac|
colkctors now. Fees grew from under $20,000.00 per month to sok 4 other times and is in business with many of the initial
over $100,000.00 per month. clients as State Chemical Company.
Accomplishments

I spoke at a yearly even at Beckfield College for Jenny Clem to students about Accounts Receivabk, Billng and Collections.

I was a member of PAHCOM ar attended monthly and annual events to represent my company and services as well as attended conferences as
a Vendor and Speaker.

‘Trained new Employees in new territories with FFCC INC. Was responsibk for also helping them canvass their territory to ramp up and buikl the
Pave arais

With I C System Inc. in just under 3 years I became ranked the number 3 Representative out of 65 Representatives in the United States.

With Ohio Truck Body I was promoted from Inside Sales Coordinator to Outside Sales Manager within two years of leaming the business.

Whik working for Fyr Fyter Sales and Service I was offered a position to kave the company with a Manager to work for them in a new position
with a compensation increase and opportunity for growth and advancement.

With ChangeMed I acquired five of the largest clients for the company within a few months of accepting the position.

sien anes
SALES EXECUTIVE 02/2001 to 10/2012 Company Name City , State

* Sold collection services to provide accounts receivabk solutions to Physicians in both large and small medical offices, hospitals, and any
other businesses extending credit.

© My goal each day was to prospect for new profitable clients meet daily, weekly, monthly and yearly goals.

Peron Seis SOM UNnUEa Rou dace Neen nana bon ER enw eit) sume Gray aur nce ren iieend eed
reports and asking for additional placements.

PSA nge tect koRYaBlleteco renin acorn

¢ I increased company profits and growth annually and trained Reps in new Territories and Supported them.

Regional Account Manager 10/2012 to 03/2013 Company Name City , State

Responsible for new territory in Ohio and Kentucky selling toxicology laboratory services to physician practices. Ako, hired, trained and
supported staff to place in the practices to work for the laboratory processing specimens. The company closed and is under investigation for some
billing practices.

DISTRICT SALES MANAGER 02/1998 to 02/2001 Company Nan City , State
