SALES COORDINATOR
Summary
Current MS of Data Analytics graduate student with exposure to data analysis and modeling skills. Seeking evolutionary role in analytics that will
allow to adapt and change to company and problem solving needs.

Skills
© Excellent quantitative skills Advanced MS Office
Suite knowledge p A A eas 5 .
© Strong knowledge of R, Excel Advanced Excel * ein areca i Donnin, Statistics and Interpretation, Mining,
modeling aibaatalie sail an emg , 5
. * Visualization and exploration, Data Analyst, RStudio, Tableau, Data Collection,
* Excelient research skills Business systems Machine Leamine, CH
7 ~ 2
analysis a 5 « A Report Generation
© Knowledge ofstatistical analysis and Superb
communication skills
Education and Training

Master of Science , Data Analytics 2018 University of Houston i City , State Data Analytics
BBA, Finance 2005 University of Houston i City , State Finance

Finance

schivor anes

Sales Coordinator Jul 2016 to May 2017

(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Heavy cold calling to new and existing oil and gas, energy, and aerospace clientele to increase revenue and market penetration Managed a
portfolio of 250 accounts that generated 36% of increased proposals in 4 months,

* Conducted business to business telephone sales.

¢ Researched sales and contact information for prospects and created reports for business development managers

Inside Sales Representative Aug 2015 to Feb 2016
Company Name i City , State

© Prioritized daily workflows, including all inbound calls, quotes and sales-related inquiries.
* Wrote sales contracts for orders obtained and submitted orders for processing.

¢ Achieved 170% of first 90 day quota, caming 2nd highest rookie quarter in 21 year company history.
© Prioritized daily workflows, including all inbound calls, quotes and sales-related inquiries.

Pee Ss ccd thes esc Moelle cereecwaetce

Inside Sales Representative Sep 2014 to May 2015

Company Name i City , State

© Developed competitive comparison tables of steel grating pricing, fees, ratings, category and product performance to use for account sales
entice

* Created sales contacts with on- and off premise accounts.

© Built client relationships by acting as the lnison between the drafting and sales teams.

© Consulted with clients affer sales and contract signings to resolve problems and provide ongoing support.

Recruiter Feb 2007 to Oct 2014
Company Name i City , State

* Developed creative recruiting strategies that met small to mid-sized broker dealer staffing needs.

© Managed all aspects of advisor transition cycle, from initial set to on boarding.

© Served as link between broker dealer and advisor by handling questions, interpreting contracts, and resolving transition issues.
© Memberships/Scholarly Societies University of Houston- Downtown Analytics Society.

Skills

Business systems analysis, C++, cold calling, communication skills, competitive, contracts, credit, clientele, client, clients, Data Analyst, Data

(Oo) cot MCHIG Semi MeCN Dee esteem eae IEC oe ask lay eee elt sem Aen bem Mec unm Tse Cem DL Coo mY Onc amc)

Office Suite, modeling, oil, outside sales, pricing, Coding, proposals, recruiting, research, sales, stafling, statistical analysis, Statistics, Tableau,
tables, telephone, underwriter
