SALES ASSOCIATE

Highlights

(Know uoec ame Lane abet

schivor anes

Riewpaccera aie

OO eM CERO or aGu rena NPs AO NMRA KeB cots) Le Pace On ILCe ren S Iba Meisel Lon em Memeo cet ecR az)
company directed standards. Supervise the sales staff to generate sales through effective sales techniques and approved customer service
practices. Maintain current knowledge of the product and how to apply it whik servicing the customer. Sell the Merchandise. Assist the Store
Manager and Assistant Manager to ensure the store is school and inventory account ready. Supervise the staff in the absence of the Store
Manager and Assistant Manage. Assist in the training ofsales staff on company policies and procedures and in particular, selling techniques.
Ensure staffis well versed in company directed customer service practices. Comply with all company directed policies and procedures as they
relate to the store operations; receiving of merchandise, store opening and closing, cash register transactions, daily cash reconciliation and
Micra ceenin MUCiclincealn iden Oem eonHiechiLeyoailetke mira mcca ny hey Chm ac Ocoee Wilton at Bete elt
incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals. Worked independently and as part ofa team to achieve
numerous objectives. Described use and operation of merchandise to customers. Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store
purchases. Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments. Used POS
systems to accurately take orders and receive payments.

Riewpaccera aie

March 2014 to February 2015 Company Nan i City , State Responsbilities Assist store management in merchandising the store in accordance
with company directed standards. Supervise the sales staffto generate sales through efféctive sales techniques and approved customer service
practices. Maintain current knowledge of the product and how to apply it whik servicing the customer. Sell the Merchandise. Assist the Store
Manager and Assistant Manager to ensure the store is school and inventory account ready. Supervise the staff in the absence of the Store
Manager and Assistant Manage. Assist in the training ofsales staff on company policies and procedures and in particular, selling techniques.
Ensure staffis well versed in company directed customer service practices. Comply with all company directed policies and procedures as they
relate to the store operations; receiving of merchandise, store opening and closing, cash register transactions, daily cash reconciliation and
Micra ceenin MUCiclincealn iden Oem eonHiechiLeyoailetke mira mcca ny hey Chm ac Ocoee Wilton at Bete elt
incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals. Worked independently and as part ofa team to achieve
numerous objectives. Described use and operation of merchandise to customers. Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store
purchases. Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments. Used POS
systems to accurately take orders and receive payments.

BloTnloneaeucinay

February 2013 to December 2013 Company Name i City , State Responsibilities Participated in various incentive programs and contests
designed to support achieverrent of production goals. Worked independently and as part ofa team to achieve murerous objectives. Described use
and operation of merchandise to customers. Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. Opened and closed the
store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staffassignments. Used POS systems to accurately take orders and
receive payments Skills Used Assist store management in merchandising the store in accordance with company directed standards. Supervise the
saks staff to generate sales through effective sales techniques and approved customer service practices. Maintain current knowledge of the
product and how to apply it while servicing the customer. Sell the Merchandise. Assist the Store Manager and Assistant Manager to ensure the
store is school and inventory account ready. Supervise the staff in the absence of the Store Manager and Assistant Manage. Assist in the training of
saks staffon company policies and procedures and in particular, selling techniques. Ensure staffis well versed in company directed customer
service practices. Comply with all company directed policies and procedures as they relate to the store operations; receiving of merchandise, store
opening and closing, cash register transactions, daily cash reconciliation and inventory control. Maintain security of the store and understand the
operations of the store security system.

Administrative Assistant/Receptionist

August 2011 to January 2013 Company Name i City , State Responsibilities Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed
follow-up for meetings and team conferences. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person
requests for informtion. Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. Maintained the front desk and reception area in
a neat and organized fashion. Received and screened a high volume of intemal and external communications, including email and muil. Skills Used
Mathemntical aptitude Customer- and service-oriented MS Office proficient POS systems Exceptional customer service Cash handling accuracy
Excel spreadsheets Excellent communication skills Understands grammar Flexible schedule

brairestbeny

BA : Communications , 2018 University Of Phoenix i City , State , US BA in Communications - Marketing And Saks University Of Phoenix -
Phoenix, AZ 2014 to 2018

Ureecre ral PaNiliralb etd

BloTnloneaeucinay

I Urewannibe ts

ettaenananccsy

Skills

And Saks, Marketing, Sales, Cash, Customer Service, Point Of Sak, Pos, Pos Systems, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Cash Register, Closing,
Credit, Effective Sales, Generate Sales, Incentive Programs, Inventory, Inventory Control, Merchandising, Of Saks, Operations, Payments,
Reconciliation, Sales Staff, Sales Techniques, Sales Through, Security, Selling Techniques, The Sales, Training, Associate, Sales Associate,
Administrative Assistant, Cash Handling, Excel, Excellent Communication Skills, Fik, Fike Systems, Front Desk, Greeting, Ms Office, Telephone,
Cashier, Client Relations
