MERCHANDISER, SALES
Summary

[Job Title] equipped with the excellent negotiation skills, market insight and business acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed
Coon einceopiiatne sl Ribas

Highlights

&- Organizational skills 4~ Marketing, Lead Generation 4—
Strategic & Consultative Selling 4- Interpersonal and
Collaboration skills 4- B to B sales a-

© Customer Retention d- Account Managerrent a-
Developing/Expanding Territories a- C-Level & Technical
Presentations a— Project managerrent Excellent sales techniques

Accomplishments

¢ Amnenber since 1996, elected to Executive Board 2009. Took time off to help with the earthquake relief Organize fimdraisers and
benefits. Manage and recruit volunteers. Made contacts with significant contributors and corporate relations. Organized to ship containers of
Fecehosl Est ye)teme (oor Malone Re ethene suit

Paras ui orersiconvs We RY mo nr mOnedraccemichilics mh onibor out ctr Oe) eels curred

¢ Awarded for the best "Pend Percentage" for October in North East Region

© Managed "Major Accounts" worth more than $50k in four territories. Reviewed and grew account base by 18% to surpass given
objectives. Interviewed and observed potential candidates for employment, mentored new hires. Established new clients to grow profitable
territories and meet set objectives, 12 per quarter. Provided clients with a profitable marketing strategy in both print advertisement and
intemet marketing, Continuously mintained and established solid relationships with clients. Met publication and intemet deadlines; achieved
100% of sales quotas. Elected Captain and Speaker of Yorktown/Peekskill county team

Ce dict sont PCM anoi owe Mm Call CeeQUe (trem remiel Oem CUR Le)acau.4))

Experience

Merchandiser, Sales 05/2013 to Current Company Name City , State Southem Wine & Spirits is a family owned sales and distribution
organization with a renowned history of consistently delivering impeccable service through our 14,000 employces, covering 35 states. Buik
resets RW ECR Len mmiecoru ellmeseed rete Loineesa Bt eel nora CR IRS cme B CUnCCE TNO ATPL eu ee Og
nerchandising with management team. Point of contact for sales reps; assisting them in the field. Help sales reps sell their product into stores by
booking high-end merchandising mterials and locations. Organize warehouse and pallets. Distribute POS, samples, bar kits and racks to
appropriate divisions. Build relationship with store owners. Discuss marketing materials with store owners. Notable Accomplishments 4%¢ Built
strong relationships with key accounts 4% Responsible for opening and closing storage unit. 4%¢ Implemented an organized system for distributing
sampks 4% Booked strategic platform and window displays

PAGCOR UNCER Oncaea Nee OME CB OO etc LO lsc e SCUMeani rae SUB e CR MBSE Brot ce)ii4
organization supporting a pediatric hospital, orphanage and a school. A member since 1996, elected to Executive Board 2009. Took time off to
help with the earthquake relief: Organize fundraisers and benefits. Manage and recruit volunteers. Made contacts with significant contributors and
corporate relations. Organized to ship containers of medical supplies, food, water and clothes to Haiti. Notable Accomplishments: 4%¢ Increase
donations to $50,000 in 7 months 4%¢ Spokesman at events, 300+ peopk. Press Interviews. 4%¢ Shipped 3 containers of medical supplies, food
and water. LA Fitness has over 600 locations and is expanding in New York. It is one of the largest fitness chains in the country offering more
amenities than any of its competitors. Established LA Fitness's new club in Yonkers by marketing to business and individuals. Grew the club
volume from 0 to over 500 members in3 months. Promoted to management which included responsbilities in the following areas: reporting club
numbers, meeting with club developers, creating marketing strategies, leading sales meetings, one-on-one trainings. Notable Accomplishments a2¢
# | commissions in the country for 8 pay periods July - Novermber (avg comm$3,800) 42¢ Top 5 commissions in the country from June - Jamary
(avg. comm. $2,800) 4%¢ Top Sales Counselor June - February, Top closing percentage. (83%) 4% Rep of the month July to January Top in
Saks for all months. Hebrew Hospital Home Continuum of Care is a nor-profit, non-sectarian health care organization. It is a comprehensive
health care system winse mission is to rehabilitate patients by providing the highest standards of care and individualized treatment. Responsible for
expanding the Queens County Territory to a valuabk referral source of over 200 accounts. Contracting Doctors and Medical Offices to partner
with "HHH Home Health Network". Organize and perform saks presentations to Medical groups and Doctors. Prospect and develop
relationships to maintain steady referral sources with Doctors and Office Managers through Cold Calls, Networking, and Saks Events. Coordinate
Saks Events in collaboration with Sales Representatives. Notable Accomplishments 4%¢ Exceeded 3 month goal of 30 accounts with over 200
accounts. 4%¢ Developed Queens Territory; distributed Accounts to new Account Managers. 4%¢ Generated 30 referrals in first quarter, #1 in
referrals for the quarter. 4% Met 100% of Account penetration goals consistently, top for the territory.

ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 08/2008 to 09/2010 Company Narre City , State US Banks partnered with Elavon in 2004. Elavon manages more
than | million merchants, from small retail merchants to the largest organizations in segments such as hospitality, health care, and the public sector,
delivering reliable and secure payment solutions to help businesses succeed. Achieved high honors from Elvon's VP of Sales. Conducted training
for North Eastern teamon Cold Calling techniques. A leader among peers achieved and surpassed sales quotas & goals; won contests and
recognition. Managed five counties totaling 30 banks. Established new clients and maintained strong relationships with Bank Regional President,
Managers and staff Organized and performed presentations to bank personnel during "Area meetings". Notable Accomplishments: 4%¢ Ranked
No. 3 among peers "Stack Ranking for 2009" in East Region 4%¢ Top Rep in the month of February (most activations 68) 4%¢ No. 1 "Monthly
Fees" for May in North East Region a%¢ No. 2 “Bundles Contest" for January in North East Region 4%¢ Awarded for the best "Pend Percentage”
for October in North East Region

ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 09/2005 to 08/2008 Company Name City , State Yellowbook is the largest independent publishers of yellow pages
nationwide. It offers multi-channel marketing solutions tailored to meet the specific needs of clients and the audience they target. Its brand is built
on service and integrity with an end goal of delivering the most compkte and relevant local business information to consumers. Managed "Major
