SALES ASSOCIATE/CASHIER.
Summary

© Friendly Saks Associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. Excellent multi-
tasker and team phayer.

* Reliable Sales Associate with strengths in inventory mamgement, training, and customer service. Friendly, knowledgeable and hard-working
eye awn

als
PECL exo cilia
Ceram iicanies
© Verbal\written communication
© Team phyer mentality

* Outgoing personality
© Time management ability
¢ Enthusiasm

Personal Information

Where I have worked or studied I have always done my best to be efficient and excel in anything and everything I've done. I work extremely well
with others, I do my best to be a leader and not a follower and I try my hardest to be kind and respectfill to anyone and everyone I come in
contact with. I aman exceptional writer, I am very detailed oriented and I am great at following directions and staying organized. Even on my bad
days I know how to keep a smile on my face and eave my personal problems at home to give customers a great expirience and keep hem coming
Leste emir een

Skills

client, Detail oriented, Team Ieadership, phone

schivor anes

09/2017 to Current

Saks Associate/Cashier Company Name i City , State

© Met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance.

ote ater rlicnl eB LolicrMeesceckeeb at beim

Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.

Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods.

Increased purchase totals by recommending additional items.

Worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels.

Organized items in visually appealing manner.

Answered incoming telephone calls with professional andA. knowledgeable responses. A.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of customer buying habits.

09/2015 to 12/2015
lento m Genera Nl eb ALON ESICLCy

© Tup-sokl additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.

* Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.

© [also recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner and promptly reported complaints to a member
of the management team

* I communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management and resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally.

© I quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change.

09/2015 to 12/2015
Company Name i City , State

T up-sokl additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.

Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.

T also recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner and promptly reported complaints to a member
of the management team

© I communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management and resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally.

© I quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change.

Education and Training
Ov
High Schoo! Diplo : Education Waynesboro Area Senior High School 1% City , State , USA Education
