SALES ASSOCIATE

Profile

Highly effective in promoting a positive, productive environment. Reputation for excellence and high quality service to clients. Good eye for detail;
Vd Rey esnicne dl cebu kcal icgorenboms Meconiea tinned maeii dane becd rea ruorcmrine Reha volte (reer in
communication skills. Remain calm and work well under demanding conditions. Proven record of imovative and effective staff development.
ASiceieeeeenitp UMTS on esThem cst lan tom

Skill Highlights

Adobe (2 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Adobe Cloud (2 years), Photoshop (2 years), Data Entry (2 years), Merchandising (3 years)
Critical thinker

Detail oriented

Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPomt

Pkanning/coordinating

Team kadership

Piette a Sects

¢ Being able to kam every little thing i can about each department of my job , gaining alot of experience working with peopk.
es
© Created high-quality Flash designs.
Website Design
© Created accent graphics, banner ads, icons, animations and logos using Photoshop and Illustrator.
Mona cmaraned
October 2016
to

letras
Company Name City , State Sales Associate

Worked with clients to analyze computing and network needs and installed appropriate solutions within each organization's budget.
Improved reliability of supply chain software, systems, database and order processing. Developed and managed project plans while
providing status updates to management. Designed, documented and executed maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch
managerment and system backups. Other duties may be assigned.

Sytem

Greet customers and determine how to meet and exceed their expectations.

Develop & Exhibit proficiency in Customer Service, Print and Copy Services, Packaging Services, design brochures, NCR fons , ECT.
Postal, Shipping, & Freight Services and Computer Skills.

Receive, sort and place muil in mailbox modules accurately.

Record all sales transactions on Point of Sale and accurately process cash, checks, credit card and university internal billing transactions.
Mena oue rope bcd cen

Pack contents for shipping using established procedures and products.

Ponto netMeonUle oem atid crew sleds Loe Okara Cie

Operate all software programs including but not limited to Point of Sale, Counter Manifest System, Mailbox Manager, MS Office and other
Pui sCe eeticces

Receive and process packages for shipping, including lifting and weighing packages on scak, accessing Manifesting software, generating
VOCE Braue te CCB ULeIS enm bo iee hes oem

© Prepare documents for traces and shipping chins.

¢ Assist in merchandising the center, including: stocking shelves with product, ensuring a clean and orderly appearance of product, informing
manager of inventory levels for re-ordering supplies, being informed of product specifics (ic.

warranties, durability chims, pricing, etc.) Open & Close out of POS to include: reconciliation of cash, checks, credit cards, and all other
transactions accurately and in accordance with company policy and procedure.

Operate printer/copiers, fax machine, binding equipment and all other office machines ina safe, efficient and productive manner.

Help customers operate those machines they have access to as Required.

ee

September 2014

to

Or no

Company Name City , State Front Counter Clerk

© Multitask, be responsible for my shift.
¢ Accomplishments I got to put my mth skills to work with all the money I have to go through all day Jong and make sure it’s all correct
amounts as well as my paperwork.

Company Name City , State Clerk II Created, organized and maintained files, daily case notes and electronic databases.

na Cr sous rr Ce on
