SALES SPECIALIST

Obdjective

To obtain a position ina challenging environment that presents the opportunities for growth and knowledge; where I can maximize and apply my
work ethic, time management skills, management techniques, quality assurance skills, and scientific knowledge.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Biology , May 2016 University of Houston 1% City , State Minor in Health Science

schivor anes

Saks Specialist

December 2014 to Current Company Name i City , State

© Processed sales, payments, credits, refimds and exchanges ina high volume enviromment.
* Assisted customers in persor/ remotely with IT setup, including data migration and app installation.
© Introduce corporate and small businesses to IT repair, device managerrent, and financing services.

Ae ies (and
May 2014 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

© Negotiated relationships with sponsors, clients, and extemal organization on marketing initiatives.
© Organized and impkmented community events/ fimdraisers, with over 500 people in attendance. .
¢ Established multiple $1,000 scholarships, while retaining sizable account balance for next administration.A

IB Cacig
September 2013 to Jamary 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

* Maintained highly detailed records ofall procedures, methods, and materials utilized on specimens.
¢ Demonstrated leadership skills while coordinating a diverse team tasked with mdependent assignments.
© Technical skils manipulating sensitive model organisms, hazardous materials, and fine tuned equipment. A

Qualifications

* 3 years of experience within Saks, IT, and ConsultingA A

Appk CRM: proprietary CRM software used to organize client information, track leads, and finalize sales
PV a rer Caan corranace incon Cntcle gnu Noga iernanael al acatra we siesicemnt en tere ocr
10Sdm Hub & Jamf device management platform to maintain finctionality, and push software updates
Conducted research on model organism, fruit fly ( Drosophila, melanogaster)

als
See ent Eee Rare)
© Staffmentoring and development ¢ AHeld kadership roks within university/community organizations
* Motivated and self driven business acumen * Advanced mnthemntical aptitude

Snorer iramasretenar anny © Knowledgeabk with computers and other technical skills Windows/Mac)
© Exceeds performance and sales quotas
