CENTER SALES

Summary

nicer cn ted Rens ne roar ennai ay MNciteh cated el Cus} | management and custonr service. Dedicated to providing excellent
Ooo nerdetessnicer Pnencncdncl nn inane

Highlights

Ce Benes eR aC « Exceptional motivational skills

Ce Cotitinaiscarnan ¢ Effective agent coaching techniques

© Meticulous attention to detail and superb time mamagenent skis * Staff development and training

Ce gonsrschtd © Sound judgment

© Skilled multitasker Pee oer sikh aaa

Casa estninics ¢ Calmunder pressure

© Deadline-oriented ¢ Complex probkmsolving

Pe geet cc Reitalceieemelts ie ety © Process and Productivity improverrent

¢ Conflict resolution techniques CNA bexelag

CMe ronacatenctscesaisg © Organized

¢ Results-oriented PaO sty tous Rena alita
Experience

Center Saks , 11/2016 to Current Company Name i% City , State Answering baa ol Pre b rode tO ceR MU eco Lem rst
payments, or any other questions they have. Identifying prospective customers using kad generating methods and setting up reservations for
Ne Tooku ded nee Maa ten tank meine sacar etl icy day. Recommend and help customers select merchandise based
OT drome a Eceoonl uci eon kale cd TowenLo ene RC TrenceT One oar re om Onan hls Be erste a teB Tate
to resolve customers’ problems with reservations.A Inform custorrers about sakes and promotions ina friendly and engaging manner. Processed
up to 30 customer orders per day. Track down sources of: See poaeeeactlne cosy ecR eb rod ger since ece | br ooe my Hise Rly «RTE CY
ORT ara EEC Ncirline es ab eco Meares con eke naam enol e ania @s(cr)| En ceca moa iLel nna eca ig
name on credit cards, the card number and expiration date, storage information, addresses, and ermils.A Compkted documentation for product
and service sakes. Update database with customer and saks information, Establish new customer accounts. Provide accurate and appropriate
ENCE Teen Renamer Meehan Sn eesc MTom ne tir eee Ree Biro sake cea cee | Cee oth
goals. Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service ¢ approach. Compute accurate sales prices for rental and
se eam SE esa Eee Re nee Ob reno ear erw.U DevelopA a relationship with A new customer
prospects or referrals, Regularly seck out opportunities to up sell and add on additional merchandise. Communicate all merchandise needs or
issues to appropriate supervisors. Generate leads for new sakes through telephone contact with customers.

Ati ame lie TSU ae tes er) Re-Cee RAO ROL UPR On seinen aA SUN BENCL

A

Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through ckar communication.A Ran reports and supplied data to fulfill customer
report requirements. Ensured that no shift was under or overstafitd by completing daily and weekly staffing schedules according to expected
business volumes. Coordinated break and meal periods for staffaccording to activity levels, Directed employees through their daily routines.
Provided Keadership to a team during a shift. Motivated staff to deliver better results. Monitored staff performance during a shift and addressed any
SLs Mentored and trained new employees. Wrote up shift reports. Made sure that all staff were properly dressed and enforced
grooming and appearance standards. Ensured the correct stafling levels for each shift. Compkted payroll records and ensured that all staff files
were up to date. Being involved in and contributing to team meetings. Making sure that all staff had the basic skills training needed to perform their
PA Oe Rue seer ca Oat oy eLaL sem ce rea Mel kets naa Satomi octal ment eat cS
of 10-40A customer support team members. Interviewed, hired and trained new ols cel pam cuay cosa tecan nl ims wee NT an Kd
ete clot sa ommican cle ka ccm cea meaner eco Ruin otiren cone obrtnatiks engeloinet

os prear Lei cmit ck

Receptionist/ Office Clerk , 07/2007 to 09/2008 Company Narre 1% City , State
rN

Planned travel arrangerents for 15-20 A staff. Managed the receptionist coe inching greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-
Pec BOs CULO Gunna One coe noxclBcR Perce a nw MBean ta ccen en cya
CR EL Ce con ee nes ened a maa CREM PM wel be cout Ral lean ean som Oye iat Blom

eC osles Ro ep oucme cen cance never nae Rieti cn owe

Receptionist , 10/2004 to 08/2005 Company Name i% City , State Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications,
LaLa eB Valancct gellar noritocenemnncrmku duction em Occ erreintne bs meecnacce race tctrett
Excel fimctions and calculations to develop reports and lists. Received and distributed faxes and mail ina timely manner. Properly routed
agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process. ee files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.
Se eT eo SU Seen ringan noes bbe C Rus om kee mane Ene O i adel Broennimann Ranieeiecenriecnart(anes
Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors, Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office. Wrote

Le En couur a resiMn Cane na lnm asic Ribecunm Ponce iar eam mci weston ise ted
contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building. Maintained the front desk and reception area ina neat and organized fashion.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. Designed electronic
file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.

Payoff Specialist , 12/2001 to 06/2003 Company Name i City , State
