SALES
Rt srerstag
Passionate Marketing Manager Ieveraging expertise program management, sales enablement, and brand awareness to deliver lucrative results for

rapid-growth corporations. Identifies long-term opportunities to produce high-impact ROI and increase customer outreach with cost-centric
solutions.

be heniratiny
SEs erlnn luo ott ae Suen e a eulcus oleate and
¢ 4—Lead Generation CE Lce Orly ate att
* Marketing Communications i— © Emnil, Web, & Print Content
¢ Partner Programs ¢ Account Management
Experience
Nils

Oem CEOROU cre @ur sci eN clin AO NRE H I

© Maintaine knowledge of current menu items, mgredients and preparation methods.

Deliver exceptional service by greeting and serving guests ina timely, friendly manner.

PR encre econ Porch Run eace On natcsob UTA cass] om

PRS eh estie ot sales bre ehecceune easter ace a

« Effectively communicate with kitchen staff regarding guest allergies, dietary needs and other special requests.

Marketing Manager (Contract)
April 2012 to November 2014 Company Nane 1% City, State

4—Create, deliver, and optimize marketing materials including; data sheets, website, and other collateral. A—

¢ Develop messaging that is supportive ofand consistent with marketing strategies. 4A—

Research competitive products by identifying and evaluating product characteristics, market share, pricing, and advertising while updating
and maintaining research database. A—

Deliver social media campaigns via Hubspot to LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Spiceworks and ermal. i—

Manage event logistics for tradeshows, conferences and sakes meetings to meet budget requirements. 4—

Proactively work with vendors to process expenditure requests and approvals. 4—

Develop marketing communications campaigns and project management of activities, A—

Manage delivery of press releases, media relations content, case studies, white papers, executive bios, corporate newsketter content, and
Reel pied Reena arta

Created a strategic demand generation plan targeting various industries; Healthcare, Public Safety, Utilities, Retail, Manufacturing,

(Qe surelneineknom de Coesaun ce

Developed strategies for digital marketing campaigns including; SEM, Google Ads and Ad-words, content syndication, blogging, webinars
and email campaigns to generate opportunities for saks.

Managed marketing automation systems to support campaign execution (Microsoft CRM Dynamics, TreeHouse, and Google Analytics)
BiB ieee iol Warecde cece tecles seek denn ekene eines nei cree (ols) «ta ae

SSRs bor ccibecsoniine nena ane ere ea eat uai geo uoceebco ne ticairate ech obreay causes Rea) co
keadership to ensure all ead scoring and nurture programs are continually optimized. 4—

Collaborate with multiple stakeholders including: Global Managers, Channel Marketing, Marketing Ops, Sales, and Product Marketing to
analyze sales objectives, sales qualified leads (SQL) and improve demand creation strategies. A—

© Managed team responsible for graphics, analytics, web maintenance, ermil marketing, lead nurturing, creative services and webinars, A—
© Managed and negotiated with all vendors and co-manage a 1.5 million dollar marketing budget for the company.

ry rr eeooeee ry

Pert st By blecauea Venue
Janvary 2011 to March 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

4—Successfilly launched Juniper OEM go-to-market (GTM) plans that expanded the end to end solution of Dell's networking portfolio. 4
OUR sh chute neo Engin satan ap muncd ned entities neccet orange skeet eked tec}
Pc R acto ipeieelaa sure M@nal be lackeoentinn renee dee ORS] oe ae

© Devised a product launch tracking system for specific product lines and administered effective collaboration with core hunch team
eR ene RLU n cong Bal Lon Ror Ce neopterin Paceline greene
Biya Bro eeluneze (dN ord Booted ORCC e ara a

Executed editorial strategy and content of Dell's Networking Communications, which included newskiters, SharePoint networking
collaboration website, product sales training, and intemal marketing campaigns.

Marketing Programs Manager
February 2008 to December 2011 Company Name i City , State

¢ 4—Partnered with global managers in executing strategic campaigns and provided sales teams with product messaging and value
propositions. A—
