RNB SPN 101004 NE)

Career Focus

Tama dedicated, hardworking woman, I am trying to provide for a growing family. I am great with peopk, and handle myself well in difficult
situations. I am looking to eventually go back to school and better my own life as well. As for now I amsecking any type of employment to be able
to provide for the daily needs of myselfand my children.

Sas

Speaking

Sales and Marketing
Customer and personal Service
Active Listening

Critical Thinking

Reading Comprehension
English Language
Are(ccienastncm Dons enmyalene
Social Perceptiveness
benshatieny

Ckrical

Lerch att en)

Monitoring

Time Managerent

BN eetalbet)

Mathemntics

Near Oran

Food Production

Active Leaming

Leaming Strategies
Hstuabetigted

Production and Processing

Ce ee ee 2 ee

Education and Training

June 2011 Stanhope Elmore High School 1% City , State GED

Mea onae anal

Sales Associate , 11/2015 4 12/2015 Company Name it4 City, State

Cede OME nec eee Oem N CCTM EG cecy

Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

FUME ctl e oui nnal neers operace pat ece

Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Pkce special orders or call other stores to find desired iterrs.

Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and making deposits.

Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handk these situations.

Mano nerua a reBice sel en ana ee a

Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote saks.

OS ae Peels een OMA ONE one e etree

Bag or package purchases, and wrap gifts.

TOT po MeomO aM heme) cc

Ce ee er)

Na ata ro aaa am ZA 8 BYALU PAU UAC o ent aNir SAO AESIETC)

Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals and take action to correct any probkns.

(Oo) Cog o\uinen een tat OTN

A aed ontico ce oe keane eon inane Ceo muma ame oxsnkeun Nice em ccna On aa) a try |l
Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales taxes.

ME Rolie (cupinenpesiino ice om Mec koe cede Lom

Serve food or beverages to patrons, and prepare or serve specialty dishes at tables as required.

Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, mking recommendations upon request.

Clean tables or counters affer patrons have finished dining.

Roll sitverware, set up food stations or set up dining areas to prepare for the next shift or for large parties.

Hilde takers onpenee ect as nae) ce

Exphin how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients and cooking methods.

Prepare tables for meals, including setting up items such as linens, silverware, and glassware,

Stock service areas with supplies such as cofiée, food, tableware, and linens.

Io pee Spee ee ae NEC CL mee Mel cealn oO a onae meme catia

Assist host or hostess by answering phones to take reservations or to-go orders, and by greeting, seating, and thanking guests.

Cr
