SALES REP

SS

Saks Executive offering outstanding saks presentation, communication, closing skills, A and A team managerent skills. High-energy, results-
oriented leader with an entrepreneurial attitude. Desires a high-level position ina professional service oriented environment.

Core Accomplishments

ona eeM ree reaccL On mn eucngrase esl SONY RnIInU ne eT iN al taro mR cTw.

Initiated "Program sales for area Auto Dealerships in Atlanta to purchase imprinted promotional items in mass with each dealership's name with
the brand's logo, saving each dealership by quantity purchasing, and increasing our bottom Ine significantly.

Negotiated campaigns in conjunction with radio and print advertising to increase service dept.sakes ( Ex: Free teddy bears given for Valentines’
Day to the ladies who came in for an oil change.)

Partnered with a Non-profit organization increasing our sales to them to over $150,000.00 yearly, helping increase awareness and donations with
their donors. Networked within this organization to gain business with other departments.

J crlar ane

Saks Rep 05/2017 to 04/1993 Company Name

¢ Telemrketed to Presidents and CEO's of successfull area companies to use our services, averaging 100 calls a week, 13 appointments per
wk resulting in 1 sale per wk.

© Managed a tickler file to boost sales

¢ Conducted on-air interviews with Presidents, CEOs, Physicians, and their clients for testimonials.

President 12/1998 to Current Company Nanr City , State Strengthened company’s business by keading impkrrentation of [project] .

Promotional Advertising Distributor) Company and Client management expertise including: Business developnent, promotional sakes,
interaction with client, supplier, and employees for excellent customer service, marketing communications, budget management for overall
Oerarsttes

© Used industry knowkedge, listening skills, and creativity to match items for clients needs while staying within their budget.

Achieved new business through networking within companies, as well as attending networking events.

ce RUE RNOe eigen na ctietlbecl oan clo n BURUOIOR ch mra ilar char ecHoe tal Ey
PoCB Ua Mee nee

PN Wo roe iinlncmeginizal ben eCR we ECeelboxe Ome Mica NUN ipa meg inn atics

Associate Producer 04/1993 to 12/1998 Company Name City , State
Production company that aired on WSB-TV

Mclcdsrltanalgomctceb ee liom areca Unune amcdbce Mines ecne corm liaiacinceha iieminietuilece carl plore ate te m
Saunas

Interviewed Presidents and CEO's of companies in the Atlanta Business Arena.

Interfaced with the decision makers to quickly determine their needs.

Sold and produced 32 segments a year.

Negotiated a partnership with WSB-TV to include a segment from Inside America in their Advertising Packages during the Olympics,
resulting in increased revenue for WSB, as well as for Inside America.

¢ Exampks of the caliber of companies we profiles: Emory Healthcare, Kimberly Clark, Alummax, Coca Coh Bottles of Chattanooga,.

07/1983 to Current Company Name City , State

promotional advertising distributor) Set appointments with decision makers, networked within companies to gain more business, reorganized
the order process for more efficient customer service and follow up of orders, continued education of the industry by attending trade shows,
seminars and studying catalogs.

Purchased existing company with revenue of S60K per year and grew it to $1.5 Million in 5 Years.

Developed programs for large auto dealer with apparel, mugs, and notepads which gamered monthly repeat business.

Designed a program for the Masonry Assoc using caps embroidered A with the Masonry logo and their own company name,

This program resulted in Signature Advertising to become the #1 cap seller n the COUNTRY.

Won the “Best of Show’ award at the Homebuilders Association Tradeshow.

Recommendations (client)Melinda Gibson Top qualities: Great Results, High Integrity, Creative "Karen became a trusted vendor to me.
Ceo Rens os Om sNg recom a occa buygiiraieetne ibe ham

She truly went the extra mile for me each time we worked together." April 29, 2010.

Ce ee

Education and Trainng

Bachelor of Arts University of Columbus City , State

Activities and Honors

Member of asi, (Advertising Specialty Institute) *Member of Atnta Promotional Marketing Association *Member of BNI (Business Networking
Institute) *Chainnen for Ist Annual Gardens Alive Summer Soiree & Silent Auction benefitting the Justin Time Foundation for Missing Teens &
Boley icee hon GOR erences Diners Os NC heo Ia Cl LAR St ists IPAl Osis Dea lc bce riee Omi s cele Bcd one Og
Pathway East in 2010 *Elected for the Board of Directors for Trafficking in America Task Force 2011 National Winner of Senior Taknt at the
COG Jubike in Strings bowed category in 2004, 2005, 2006. A National Runner Up of Senior Taknt at COG Jubike in Piano in 2004.

Sag
