SALES
Summary
Dedicated security enforcement professional with more than 5 years managing security teams and 20 years protecting professional environments.
Personable leader who comfortably interacts with people from diverse cultures and backgrounds.
Highlights
© CPRandChid CPRTranng © Defensive driving training

© Report analysis CeO sfewicshnuies
© Investigative procedures © AED certified
© Interviews and interrogations «Fire Response
Accomplishments
© Upgraded company surveillance systemA from 28 to 42A security cameras inclusive motion detector systems.

Sail

CPR, First Aid, report writing andA docurentation, leadership.
schivor anes

10/2015 to 112015

Saks Company Name - City, State

© Identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and performing an average of 50 cold calls per day.
¢ Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievernent of production goals.
© Sold first car immediately after training by personal referral.

01/2015 to 09/2015
Saks Company Name - City, State

© Identify customer needs; match needs to Company products and services, and overcome customer objections and resistance.
* Meet established performance objectives.

07/2014 to 01/2015
Saks Company Name - City, State

© Identify and acquire high quality, long-term, 4€cepreferred4€ customers to support growth through Costco Road show program
participation.

© Primary responsbility is to make sales presentations to prospective DSW customers at pre- identified Costco locations.

© On occasion similar duties may be performed at other retailers.

© Communicate front-line conditions and customer problems to manager; create and maintain contracts, accounting and service
documentation and logs as required by manager.

© Serve as a Company representative with Costco management to ensure that DS Services of America is represented ina professional
Peetiivaws(a: guna

CREO irulesem ile ieiauerrenaicerece atm

© Ensure in store booth set up is completed according to DS Services of America and Costco standards.

USPC ECL ANC)
Catering Chef Company Nam - City , State

© Prepared food items such as sandwiches, salads, soups, and beverages

SAUCER Cs)
Server Company Name - City , State

© Served items requested by customers and processed payment.

PERN Cs
Loss Prevention Officer Company Name - City , State

First responder to medical and fie emergencies.

Reconrrended improvements in security systems and procedures. Supplied intemal and external security in a hotel withA 410 guest rooms.
Reduced general liability chims by 5% through safety audits and training,

Conducted site reviews and security audits and made recommendations to management based on findings.

Developed procedures for the emergency response and crisis managerrent, physical security, information protection, incident management
and investigation units.

© Counseled management on how to cut spending without compromising the safety and security of the company’s assets.
