SALES ADVISOR

Career Overview

Motivated customer service specialist with over 30 years of retail experience ina fast-paced, tean+based enviromment.
Core Strengths

Creative problemsolver MS Windows proficient Quick leamer Trusted key holder Exceptional communication skills
Aug oanan at acs

AU Rr eracans

Sakes Advisor Company Narne i City , State

© Prepare, present, and encourage sales of specific items: food- hot and cold; household itervs- air freshners, detergents, etc.; and appliances-
coflee makers, soda machines, etc.

© Have successfilly met and exceeded sales' goals.

© Have also ‘Sold out' of featured products on occasion.

® Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed.

© Described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise.

01/2008 to 01/2009
Cardiac Care Assistant Company Name it City , State

Performed pacemaker tests over the phone.

Handled over forty calls per day.

Oech rbereinomcaiiurnong Ua sbeceklilacoauelloPrekuevenalaemeliescta

Th arikwe ee eRenanninieeeck crn atm

Responsible to give proper instructions so that resulting test was adequate for final review by a doctor.

01/2003 to 01/2005
Pra a Gur NANI ELLOS MESIAL

¢ Instituted system to manage subscribers’ accounts for receipt of eclectic jourmls.
© Did investigative work to locate publishers for delinquent shipments or missing issues.
* Researched subscribers’ original orders to verify correct payment sent to and received by publisher.

Educational Background

1974

Bachelors Degree : Biology Dillard University i City , State Biology

Personal Information

From 1986 to present I am engaged ina volunteer work that involves public contact, public speaking and extensive record keeping, I spend over
70 hours per month in this work, and interface with a variety of people from diverse backgrounds. Additional Information Additional Information:
From 1986 to present I am engaged ina volunteer work that involves public contact, public speaking and extensive record keeping, I spend over
70 hours per month in this work, and interface with a variety of people from diverse backgrounds.

Additional Information

© Personal Information From 1986 to present I am engaged ina volunteer work that involves public contact, public speaking and extensive
record keeping, I spend over 70 hours per month in this work, and interface with a variety of people from diverse backgrounds. Additional
Information Additional Information: From 1986 to present I am engaged in a volunteer work that involves public contact, public speaking
and extensive record keeping, I spend over 70 hours per month in this work, and interface with a variety of people from diverse
backgrounds.

Skills
communication skill, Creative problem solver, publisher, MS Windows, Quick leamer, saks, phone
