SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary

Experienced Manager at HyVee Grocery Store with excellent client and project management skills. Action- oriented with strong ability to
communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. Self motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with
NUMER MwA w Bc ieiatclockle tl iMaORuelt se chok creat anaes CBN Ge nel oieneRentecllcceanlsihecn

Detail-oriented and organized Transportation Logistics Coordinator offers comprehensive background in transportation management. Expert in
oS AERO CILe MNCs CCL Encl merry el iance

HyVee A with broad background, including mamagerrent, customer service and general warchouse operations. Vast experience in all aspects of
enletneastne irs ee uaeaera ian 2 ice

Resourcefill Hyvee and Retech with 2 years Hyvee and A ReTech Lyear in warehouse and inventory management. Specializes in increasing
efficiency and accuracy in shipping and receiving operations.

ane rree Col Coo PWictncti en gernbrartecnsr az li tenn sd cre ednaecentcs root) aura ects
Hardworking [ specializing in efficient loading of merchandise and or-time deliveries.

Versed in all operational and financial aspects of flect management, quality control, mventory control and customer service. Successfil 16+ year
(oleom enact eh aM stiaaen asm

Preiee bes reiicmercrecked opment kouces snmp coe Marilee neki sue lel einsia la lapoxce Bikepeiicce
RenectliCaa pice amMLaneiesi Cece

Demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands.

Experienced A with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology,
executive, and business audiences.

Self- motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with minimal supervision. A

ence cccroraenl Rencacieselontemcrcresnentuercans eka enirana

als

© Quick lamer © Operations management

Pa tesliineetne eC esenasg Ponce anauerniiniest et)

CMO rstncesnisrcci ute Ci cxeslanauernniest ety

CME Nou iceeaneiceietne mt) \ ic Olan os ebied

Oi rarcsrncciar es alo * Excel in management, maintenance
schivor anes
[UePAUUr Conte rPA01 013

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

eA aoe cero nana enuely cekoxcalaneurc@incmcaan ad

4€¢Disphy a positive attitude and promote teammvork

4€¢Exhibit professionalism in appearance and conduct

4€¢Follow store procedures in running the cash register and take initiative in doing store tasks
FICS eee le Monee yestiiaee Ce tE Ay

&€¢Maintain cleanliness inside and outside of store

06/1998 to 09/2015
OVA or am Gua TnL OI mn G

4€¢ Maintain a fast speed of service, especially during rush tinesA

4€¢ Take orders from customers and input their selections into the restaurant's computer systemsA

&€¢ Assembk orders on trays or in bags depending on the type of order 4€¢ Process large orders for events
&€¢ Count down your till at the end ofeach shift and deposit money in the safe

4€ Clean your station thoroughly before, during and after each shiftA

4€¢ Respond to guest questions, concems and comphints and make sure they leave satisfiedA
