SALES

Professional Summary

Experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with
Ronin) Sumo ca mrs Encore arccmw aman toncr ancora canny acne iccd Wen ccrc eral eCR ramen (eri
and Microsoft Outlook .A A Can effectively multitask in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines. I'm sel&motivated, I work well
independently and need little supervision.

Core Qualifications
« Excellent comprehension and retention skills ° cpa ican SE
CO oe en rnacclem Circus a - ates lies
PO eee acca eels on uecar esate ° B nse’ 7
© Computer and technical literacy Md ponies : Lot
© Strong organization skill, the ability to plan ahead and always do a thorough job. a Mult id rv p
Oe Crane e ena h senate ceCROn ss nel dg ° ae a uM at
CMe Dc a k@ cc orl crits) yd . pa Sette aN
¢ Education and Professional Placement ie os
* Customer needs Assessment RSI bei a calla
« Experience with appointment scheduling SB
schivor anes

Sales , 02/2016 to 04/2016 Company Name - City , State

Saks of firearms and accessories.A Developed tool to track and monitor personal saks opportunities, deals in progress and finished contracts.
Responsible for implementing all business-buikding and relationship-building expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers. Took
daily inbound calls and key-entered orders, faxes, backorders and credit memos for assigned accounts and clients. Consistently met and exceeded
department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels. Developed promotional programs to optimize revenue leveb.

Co-Owner/Mamager , 02/2008 to 01/2016 Company Nan - City , State

© Palace Pet Grooming - 40359 Hwy 41 ste #4 Oakhurst Ca.
CRI cn

I Defined strategies and business plans for Palace Pet Grooming . Directed strategic initiatives to achieve a strong business plan that launched an
inspired Husband and wife's dream, that created a business model which is still thriving to this day.A

© Created sales strategies to promote advertising offerings and motivate larger deab.

Completed strategic competitive analysis by assessing strengths and weaknesses of competitors.
Worked effectively ina heavily cross-fimetional, fast paced environment.

Developed innovative product solutions grounded in clear understanding of customer needs.
Spearheaded the creation of blogs and social media content.

Produced engaging online marketing campaigns.

Led concept development and organized sales and operations resources.

Correctional Officer , 01/2003 to 10/2009 Company Name - City , State

Maintain security within the institution and oversee the health and safety of staffand prisoners.

Patrol and inspect units, yards, buildings, prisoners, prisoner property and clothing, etc, to ensure the welfare, safety and security.

Maintain surveillance of grounds by foot and from vehick.

Perform inspections and searches of premises and cells, checking for contraband and compliance with reguhtions.

Conduct searches of prisoners and visitors.

Observe prisoners directly and indirectly through visual, audio and video monitoring, to ensure the physical safety of prisoners, staffand the
public.

Monitor radio transmissions between staff'in order to respond immediately to calls for security support as needed.

Provide escort and security for visitors.

Comply with and enforce security procedures for equipment and supplies.

Oar CRen ROH MN ONO er CM ae see oe td) cm

Enforce institutional rules and Standard Operation Procedures (SOP).

Initiate segregation or disciplinary procedures, and perform enforcement activities in compliance with Department Policies.

Exphin ruks and procedures of the facility to (individual/group) prisoners so they understand the expectations and consequences.
Supervise prisoners to maintain general order in daily activities, work assignments and programming,

Monitor inmate phones, muil, etc.

Apply the appropriate level of force in accordance with policies, ranging from verbal warnings and physical presence through the use of soft
Bina

hard restraints and in extreme cases deadly force.
* Maintain order and discipline in dormitories, shops, work details, and recreational activities; report infractions of rules, handle unruly and
