SALES MANAGER,

Highlights
MS Office proficiency, Sent orients
5 CMB oeoncerioesiarcen etd
Microsoft Outlook nena
Lotus Notes
Accomplishments

Managed a successfil sales team of 12 members who consistently exceeded sales goals an average of 20% each month,

Developed highly efléctive sales training strategies as Sales Manager ofa 12-person team.

Coached a successfil sales team that Ied the store in monthly sales per FTE over 50% of the year.

Mentored two Sales Manager In Training candidates through successfill completion of the Manager Assessment Program (MAP).

schivor anes
Sales Manager May 2011 to Current
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Lead through developing a commissioned sales team (10+ direct reports, 50+ indirect reports) to achieve sales, ensure efficiency and to be
Sheree Cele ob Me oe toe css

© Develop skills and product knowledge of Sales Consultants through training, evaluation, and role play; develop talent into Management

ire eo

Attract, hire and on-board world-class Sales Professionals who are well prepared to provide exceptional customer service.

Analyze and track saks performance to assigned budget, conversion, compliance, and Sales Consultant staffing/hiring targets.

Responsible for day-to-day oversight with authority to resolve issues that may occur during the execution process.

I ecnmennoicrtsicala@iemcaaneckue tudes

© Ensure customers receive the best customer experience and seek out opportunities for self development.

Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving appropriate feedback.
Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members.

Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goak.

Built and mmintained effective relationships with peers and upper managerrent.

Recruited, hired, developed and retained retail talent for the company.

Addressed customer inquiries and resolved comphints.

Created and directed sales team training and developrrent prograns.

Branch Sales Manager Mar 2006 to May 2011
Company Name i City , State

© Manage the branch staff including hiring, training and development, and performance management.

® Coach the branch staff to achieve sales excellence in sakes production, product knowledge, customer service, and branch operations to
Reade eecooceBrrulnr hit ravociaecemintaciace

Demonstrate keadership proficiency in sales, service, operations, and management.

Responsible for consistently meeting or exceeding branch sales performance standards.

Manage and motivate staff consistently and fairly.

Develop a sales enviroment through creative and promotional activities.

Lead the branch by setting a positive example in telemarketing efforts, cross-selling and sales campaigns.

Demonstrate commitirent to consistently deliver positive customer service to achieve customer retention.

Demonstrate enlightened leadership skills designed to motivate and retain employees deemed high potential and high performing.
Oversee loan turnaround times to ensure quality customer service.

Establish professional networks by buikling a referral base and providing resources to "centers of influence" on industry trends and bank
prodtxts.

Initiate, complete, and nnintain customer profiles.
