Zz

SALES CONSULTANT

Summary

Highly motivated, competitive, sales consultant seeking opportunity with long-term growth potential through integrity sales success, buikling
relationships and developing the business Performance Skills *Account Penetration *Adaptability *Identify and create new business opportunities
*Brain lb navigation experience *Demonstrating Products “Product Launch *Account Relationships *Confident clinical expertise

Snap Shot

Sales Consultant

City , State Company Name / Jun 2013 to Current

© Cultivate relationships with surgeons while covering procedures with clinical proficiency and business acumen.
Build and implement sales plan, manage and track customer sales activity and prospective customer initiatives.
Team increased territory sakes 12.5% to 3.8 million in 2014, 5% to 4 million in 2015 and 10% to in 2016.
Increase physician volume through PCP events, community outreach programs and marketing strategies.
Serve as a primary resource to key accounts for full line product support and continued service.

Ability to troubleshoot complex issues with highly creative solutions.

Maintain training in sakes skills, new technologies, product features, and competitive product portfolios.
Dato es oslteiecMlUbeseicdl prone nLomicncamune bimini) ave) sane ens naeii (cnc) con

Demos and hb training to demonstrate products and surgical techniques.

Office Intem
City , State Company Name / Oct 2012 to May 2013

© Compiled sales data, generated sales reports for territory mamgers and profiled prospective surgeons.
© Organized and distributed marketing information, product portfolio, audits and sales goals projections.
© Organized and participated in training labs for potential surgeon customers.

Nostagsscticndas
City , State Company Name / May 2010 to May 2013

* Worked full-time while completing bachelor’s degree and internship.
Cerrone ORs ce ou er AICO SL be top eo mean seub clam tartiom
© Exceptional multi-tasking ability proven to effectively and efficiently service large amounts of business.

brairestbeny

B.B.A :: Business Management Management Information Systems, Business Intelligence Florida Atlantic University May 2014 City , State
Business Management Management Information Systems, Business Intelligence

als

competitive, features, marketing strategies, marketing, multi-tasking, personnel, sales skills, sales, sakes plan, sakes reports, surgeon, troubleshoot
