SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary

Looking for a company to grow with and continue customer relations in the industry I have came to know well and love.

Customer-focused Retail Associate with solid understanding of retail dynamics, marketing and customer service. Offering 21 years of experience
providing quality product recommendations and solutions to meet customer needs and exceed expectations.

Demonstrated record of exceeding revenue targets by leveraging communication skills and equipment saks. Results-oriented individual with over 4
years of experience implementing equipment sales to substantially increase store productivity and repeat clientele. Expertise in arranging new
merchandise, managing cash registers and independently opening and closing store. Organized, efficient and accustomed to handling crowds of
over 50 people during special sales events.

Siena que enb en Oh ea ee RiclechiMas cc ech nnee cri kal mendes a TlersneBiarizat eran t@tela rant iciia

Results-oriented Customer Service with exceptional record of accomplishment in exceeding sales, service and performance targets. In-depth
understanding of Ag / Lawn and implement products, services and market conditions. High-energy team player ready to leverage abilities to
improve sales nurbers and company success.

alg

Familiar with John Deere Ag and Lawn equipment , Massey Ferguson Ag equipment Kubota Ag and wn
equipment, Kioti Ag equipment , Cub Cadet riding and zero tum mowers Vermeer Hay equiprrent, Tillage equipment

RSS ON OORT LOM OUR ETE Ch Th sis CM Sec BS ote Zor nero CUED Donec ccen: (cl aan ane alld
Zero Tums, Stihl and Echo products Parts / Service and warranty for each brand whether OEM or aftermarket a 5
applications. Tisco, A&I Products, Becknell Wholesale Petes a

© Created long hsting relationships with customers needing help with their equipment. Communicated with customers to i
assist them with their parts purchasing , troubleshooting when needed by contacting manufactures exphining the 5 si nl
customers failure or questions for a quick resolution. cs

© Handkd cash of large amounts with no discrepancies. Prepared deposits and took them to the bank when ever eet ee
needed.

¢ Inventory contro! procedures all

© Teamphyer mentality

schivor anes

Company Name | City , State Sales Associate 08/2016 - Current

Assisted customers by finding needed Equipment , Ag or lawn items and checking inventory for iterns at other locations.
Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.
Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours, policies and promotions.
Sold various products by exphining unique features and educating customers on proper application.

Offered product and service consultations and employed upselling techniques.

Negotiated and closed deals with minimal oversight.

Prepared cash deposits up to $20,000 with zero discrepancies.

Listened to customer needs to identify and recommend optimal Equipment , Parts or Service sekctions.

Executed 100 outbound calls each week to existing customers, resulting in 45% increase in sales.

Processed orders through each manufactures website and coordinated product deliveries.

Company Name | City , State Equipment Rental Manager 11/2013 - 08/2016

Extended existing customer relationships through extensive communication and tried-and-true marketing strategies.

Collaborated cross-fimetionally on the proper equipment which led to Customers job to be completed in efléctive time.

Forecasted trends in expected business levels and adjusted labor and inventory to match expectations.

Strengthened operational efficiencies and traceability, developing organizational filing systems for confidential client records and reports for
Er) teeB esting

Inputted customer data into company system, safeguarding financial and personal information to avoid breaches.

« Executed relations strategies to foster better customer service and promote positive and engaging environment for all.

Remained calmand professional in stressfil circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively diffusing situations.

Company Name | City , State Parts/Customer Service Sales Representative 01/2010 - 11/2013

Generated more than 15 leads per week and pursued appointment opportunities to convert prospects into new customers.

Assisted customers with their maintenance requirements to keep equipment in proper and top performance.

Filed warranties with manufactures , collected all cost for parts and labor along with any other fees which applied to each repair.

Assisted technicians with any questions on specs or maintenance requirements

Reviewed open repairs and properly followed thru with notating any and all work performed for the customers understanding of any repair
compkted.

eres ceRat sO eRe ORL ems cme lhe nea neu rice
