SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Accustomer service representative in the hospitality industry secking employment with a well-established company to firther build my experience in
the hospitality industry, with the skills I've leamt as a medical assistant and also my prior experience in the service industry. My goal is to ensure
positive and safe travels.
Highlights

© Cheerfill and energetic  ¢ Dependable and reliable

© Effective team player ¢ Active listening

© Flexible scheduling CMA oraunicekeeretnninedlt et)

schivor anes

06/2016 to Current

Saks Representative Company Name 14 City , State Compikd reports, such as cash receipts, customer-bill charges, and sales for accounting and
imanagement purposes, or supervised clerical workers preparing reports.A Dealt tactfillly and effectively with difficutt customers.A Proven
performer with demonstrated ability to gain account loyalty and win preferential treatment for products.A. Wrote proposals and assisted customers
in developing an appropriate marketing campaign or program based on individual goals.A Researched previous customer advertising to determine
viabk customers to meet sales quotas and identify potential customers for upcoming special advertising sections.A Developed and managed
PMOMeMi connie eancratsa ae ow Mecrec(navmeaice rane pcan cw We Otic al nascar coe
rere haSNUr hee le wee ne nme) cet ece ira eral enoe

02/2016 to Current

Bar tender Company Name i City , State

PMs eekalaG eee ee hina Src em NI cee cet hace

Dealt tactfilly and effectively with difficult customers.

[Ker rturediceM atc secKecL A

Communicated information clearly and accurately.

Ue OR PCOoMiPeaMn ene me Clbeem wiles abana pods etne Peay MeluibeleM

Successfillly assisted customers in merchandise selection.

Trained in and maintained excellent interpersonal and communication skills that complement proven creative problem solving capabilities.
Trained both new and existing personnel in company customer service protocol.

Developed credibility and confidence with customers.

Evrsiecbucelciorinericaiec cern n ane Laces

04/2014 to 02/2016
Server/bar tender Company Name i City , State

PMs eekalaG eee ee hina Src em NI cee cet hace

Greeted customers, answered inquiries, provided information, resolved problems, and handled various administrative activities.
Directed administrative operations for the hectic reception area.

Dispkyed professionalism and product knowledge, which contributed to an increase in inquiry-to-order capture rate.
Interacted with customers extensively to maintain customer satisfaction.

Originated customized order intake process to meet customers' specific ordering needs, improving delivery performance and optimizing
arte e tT OL

PMs eekalaG eee ee hina Src em NI cee cet hace

[Ker rturediceM atc secKecL A

Communicated information clearly and accurately.

Ue OR PCOoMiPeaMn ene me Clbeem wiles abana pods etne Peay MeluibeleM

Successfillly assisted customers in merchandise selection.

Trained both new and existing personnel in company customer service protocol.

Evrsiecbucelciorinericaiec cern n ane Laces

SPU RE CRH IAN Cs

Crew member Company Narre 1% City , State Dealt tactfully and effectively with difficult customers. Communicated with customers
daily.Communicated information clearly and accurately. Committed to the assistance and support of others whik maintaining a cheerfiil and helpful
attitude. Assessed client needs and recommended appropriate products or modifications. Complete knowledge of federal credit card
regulations.Successfilly assisted customers in merchandise selection.Successfillly pacified hostile or antagonistic callers and negotiated a mutually
agreeable solution by patiently providing alternatives to reconcile the customer's needs with the company's objectives.Provided superior customer
service and work quality while demonstrating attention to detail, flexibility and innovation in resolving probkvs. Possess effective communications
skills, and work well with others at all evels.A Offered management position, but had to resign due to school scheduling,

10/2012 to 03/2013

Care giver Company Name 1% City , State Provided clinical care encompassing both acute and chronic medical conditions and injuries,
admissions, discharge summaries, and managing the hypertension clinic. Performed histories and physical examinations. Assessed and managed
common patient illnesses. Performed tests and treatments on both pediatric and adult patients including suturing, splinting and gynecological
examinations. Discussed cases with physician and other health professionals to prepare comprehensive patient care plan. Providing home care and
ako running errands. List your most significant achieverrents. Include accomplishments and skills that directly support your career summary
including keywords. Select Sample Phrases for recommendations. Select Expert Advice for best practices
