SALES

NS

Tin nta
OFFICE & CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCED Reliable Dynamic Responsible Strong Problem Solving Skills Organized Summary Of

Qualifications Dedicated and self-motivated individual offering a great background in office environment, with hands-on experience in quality
customer service. Abie to produce results above client and employer expectation. Excellent communication, organization and time management
skills. Strong multi-tasking abilities, needing litte or no supervision. Work well both ndependently and as a contributing member of the team.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and the Intemet. Enthusiastic Personal Assistant who is a fast kamer and can deliver results quickly. Energetic,
motivated assistant who is highly organized and skilled at balancing the needs of clients in both personal and professional capacities. Accurate,
assertive and adaptable Personal Assistant who can effectively multitask in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines.Outstanding Personal
Assistant driven to provide excellent support to busy business professionals with little guidance. Expert in Excel fimctions and multi-tasking.
Highlights

ee ee ee 2 ee)

Database
Facsimile

bling

caelag
Materials

Mail

Money

Office machines
Photocopiers
Pricing and sakes
Scanners
Telephones and voice mail.

Experience
Sales Mar 2015 to Current
(Oo aN enen LOLS HIC

Colkcted customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.

erly ccc bledn om neET eo reslCR Onis Lenmibeceencee Okets on amire tin ae

PAu Reet OR UecU RV eCr he HiLeR OPEL aye tuem (esl cl om Ais oem

Maintained up-to-date records at all times.

AT COU eb ecm ia ston ana OKaectrck seco slceub ice acme eck be sielueculci nami nich oe
Provided cross training to 3 staff members.

Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.

Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently.

Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' probkens.

Extended customer subscriptions, offering discounts and promotions to ensure high customer retention rates.
Informed customers about sales and promotions ina friendly and engaging manner.

Processed up to 14 custorrer sales per day.

Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service kevel standards.

Saks Consultant Jan 2014 to Mar 2015
COO HAN nen LO NAIA!

ee ee)

Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, receive and distribute money, and address comphints.
Ensure customer satisfaction and receive numerous compliments for my customer service daily.

Stock and clean all supplies, Inform customers ofall sales and pricing along with information regarding all products.
LO ese aust

Stand on feet for long periods of tine.

Answered customers’ questions and addressed probkms and comphints in person and via phone.

Opened and chsed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.

Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.

Educated customers on product and service offerings.

Kept the showroom ckan and muintained neat, orderly product disphys.

Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concems and giving appropriate feedback.

Compkted floor repknishment to guarantee size availability and promote custorrer satisfiction.

Communicated informtion to customers about product quality, value and style.

Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously ina fast-paced retail environment.

Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management.

Attended team meetings each month to voice concems and offer constructive feedback to others.

Team Menber Jan 2013 to Jan2014
Company Name i City , State
