RNB DSM ITNT
Executive Summary

Results-focused management professional offering 25 years of progressive leadership experience. Transforms high-potential staff into outstanding
keaders who demonstrates the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success.

Core Qualifications
PMO aclborceiscctratls F Pest
¢ Staffdevelopnent , alae anal
© Inventory contro! Aer
* Compensationbenefits administration : al nt writing skils
Sek nn a erent]
; ek ae Cay Miimsercmeyutelt
Dae eld CMe Sco uerslmeseanicst|
© Sound judgment ¢ Record-keeping
; aaaeianld ¢ 1-9 docurentation
“) sa a CaP tcwstincheyln
¢ Complex problem solving
Hiliecre lp onnaranes

Saks Team Nov 2015 to Feb 2016
Company Name - City , State

© Delivered unparalleled customer services Greeted and assisted customers; responded to customer inquiries and complaints in a professional
and timely manner.

Communicated product knowledge to the customer and recommend merchandise selections.

Trained in visual merchandising and organization.

Monitored sakes activities and productivity Ensured register transaction where completed accurately and in accordance with policy.
Excellent communication, verbal, and written skils.

¢ Strong organizational skills and ability to mulit-task ina fast paced environment.

Saks Team Nov 2015 to Jan 2016
Company Name - City , State

Provided outstanding customer services Maintained displays and store appearance Ensured customer satisfaction at every state of sale.
Opened and Closed store in accordance with Company policies.

cee trerccb eum euteacetnemnoee niu tkencicn

Extensive sales and customer service experience.

Broad expertise in advertisement and promotion.

Manager Mar 2009 to Jan2015
Company Name - City , State

© Management Lead and oversaw the implementation of long and short term plans in accordance with strategic plans Ensured expenditures
were within the authorized annual budget Implemented operational improverrents to enhance quality, production times and reduce costs
Decreased production labor hours after implementing a time study of the production line resulting in a cost savings of approximately
$20,000 per unit Conducted industry standard study on the cost of services calls and inspection charges resulting in tripled income of
services department revenue Implemented an inventory software program to operate with the accounting program to streamline
communication with purchasing, inventory, engineering and production departments Experience with Lean Six Sign Experience supervising
large number of employees Advanced experience using Microsoft Office suite and PowerPoint.

© Project Management Communicated effectively with sharchoklers, employees, Govermment authorities and stakehoklers Managed client
expectations by ensuring the highest quality of service Developed, implemented and ensured compliance of safety procedures to meet
government guidelmes Monitored employee productivity, performance and optimized employee procedures to reduce costs Monitored and
maintained operational reports to detect production issues.

© Set up and management of over 60 vendor relationships Responsible for delivering projects against agreed scope, budget, schedule and
customer expectations Developed production tracking and quality control systems while analyzing production Implemented new product
Ines through research and development to generate new revenue streams Collaborated with Mine Safety and Health Administration
(MSHA), a division of the United States Department of Labor, to ensure the safety and survivability of miners in the event ofan incident
whik underground Received all four of MSHA's approvals in Product, Breathable Air, Harmful Gas Removal, Gas Monitoring and
Structural categories General Management Recruited, trained and supervised human resource director, safety manager, engineers,
controlkers and production manager Created marketing materials, presentation and demonstration products for sales meetings, trade shows
and consumer education Mamaged all day to day facility operations Responsible for payroll oversight and related approvab.

Manager Feb 2004 to Jan 2009
Company Name - City , State

* Developed and operated four assisted living locations Obtained and maintained annual state certifications and supervised all security
