SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary
Thave been with IBC for nearly a year, and I am looking forward to continuing my carreer as the Sales Lead for the Moore Branch. I am
determined to help my branch continue to grow, and I am excited to continue to develop our Tellers and Saks Associates into outstanding,
motivaded, and productive IBC employees. I tried my very best to make sure our customers were satisfied and had a great experience at our
dealership. *Maintained a positive attitude throughout the day, despite any difficult situations that may have presented thenselves.

schivor anes

10/2015 to Current

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

© Tamresponsible for opening all types of accounts, personal and business, and collecting all the required documentation for those accounts.
PES Ee cebiccmeicl meme pl semrloarcicticetulat MceclipceMnc Rtas OR Lense es cky AC LiSe

© I perform routine maintenance on all accounts.

© I Prepare Consumer and Smmll Business Loan applications, complete with all supporting docurrents, and send them to the appropriate Loan
J Bstsenn

I prepare Legal Document Review Fonns, along with any/all supporting docurrents, (Death Certificates, Marriage Licenses, Trust
Peete CC Oe Pimcorenlnon mene cz cguiitircia om alan

After I hear back, I revise/close the account needing legal review.

T often need to determine ifan account may need a fraud hold placed on it, and submit the proper paperwork.

I make, answer, and retum phone call, and help customers with whatever they may need.

Issue and deactivate Debit Cards on a daily basis, based ona customer's needs.

Etre esneicl) be mnM is eentncecs Lace Reimeite ie

Thelp balance, sell, buy, ship money itYout.

Accommplishnents:.

T have reached at keast Bronze performance every month, offen reaching Siver and Gold.

T amresponsible for the day to day activity that happens inside the branch.

I received recognition for being a top performer during the second quarter of 2015.

T have helped Moore Branch performat Bronze, being the only sales associate in the branch, and without even having a manager.

T amable to navigate Precision, Horizon, Outlook, IMS, DX Enterprise, Elan, and any other website or system we use here at IBC.

SU CECB e0C)
Assistand/Warranty Administrator Company Name 1 City , State

Conduct all payment transactions for the Service Departrrent.

Submit warranty chins.

Send out invoices and bills to third party repair shops.

oe a Nye Ke heBielb eats en asics

Norebllscav ein hcoreyacasn a

Complete check out of rental cars.

Resto Brecon cbc n beme trl estiom

Order and deliver lunch for all employees and customers on Saturdays.
Answer all phone calls directed to the service department.

NYoaheRsca ocr yee Ctce

Fe cOPAT SO MERLOT EL Le mie CoRR Lesle hm lm oo Cees
Communicated with the mechanics and service advisors frequently in order to help the days run smoothly, and to help accomplish the work
needed to be done.

11/2009 to 09/2015
Company Name i City , State

CEC eos eco CR b erie letter Ructinnmnineces(t(e ecm

¢ Direct children to the appropriate place; make sure he/she is happy and comfortable.

¢ Sort through backpacks and homework and notes that have been sent by parents, or paperwork that has been returned to the teachers, and
distribute the things where they need to go.

Keep the chssroomclean and organized.

Take inventory of the chssroom supplies and order more when necessary.

Submit and distribute book orders and fimdraiser information,

Type and send all correspondence to parents as needed.

Osean bosom he eae

Make sure to have one on one time with each student every day.

Substitute in the front office as needed: Answer/transfer calls; take messages;take messages; receive money and keep record of it;type
newsketters for the school; any other needs that may have to be taken care of

Pakecelny yicniy et cam

Leamed patience, kindness, and how to stay organized, focused and calm under pressure.

I feel that my greatest accomplishment at FUMC was the positive impact I had on my students and their parents’ lives.

There is no better feeling in the world than to know that you have made a positive difference in sorreore's life.
