YVR)
Summary
To obtain a challenging position with an organization that offers the Opportunity for professional growth and where I can contribute my knowkdge
and skills to benefit your company.

Experience

Rel

April 2013 to December 2014 Company Name #4 City , State

eee us UES on asinemcy escort

‘This may be in the showroom, outside on the lot or in the service or parts departments.

eT epi esha soc muiceging el oni Mr MedueatcceueRercceetk en rs am rege ec eiaiy cae
Assist customers by helping them find a vehick, test drive and demonstrate the features and benefits of vehicks.
Answer the questions of the customers and assist them in every aspect of | Let nnee ee ines om

Negotiate price, terms and conditions and follow the direction of the sakes Perlisva mee Qelti si

Escort customers throughout the sales process according to automobile sales Su nilesBioh sak a uekecs casio
Make follow up calls to past or potential customers.

Ask for referrals and repeat business. A

Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific products and services.
Quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications. Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service Biuicorance
eS ele Eon Calsoiem retraite ciraa rnin cs

Re PCa
RCs PD ERP PAU ERG on sing Nea mES ELC

Greet customers ina prompt and professional manner.

PSD ubuntu te gee rekcsay chest Coeur

All customers regardless of their reason for being at the dealership will be grected and directed to the ei omeoentieeeemselierun nan
Assist customers by helping them find a vehicle, test drive and demonstrate the features and benefits of vehicles.

Answer the questions of the customers and assist them in every aspect of buying an automobik,

Negotiate price, terms and conditions and follow the direction of the sales manager on duty.

Escort customers throughout the sales process according to automobile sales SSUES SUB auc a eels ait

Make follow up calls to past or potential customers.

FAS Se oarclceire branes a tcnecom

Sales Associate
November 2012 to January 2013 Company Name i City, State

eet one cn ners cyclic

Penton cel geet pacoaretom tacts ee

All customers regardless of their reason for being at the dealership will be grected and directed to the proper departirent or staff member.
SSC ee gta medi bonbin ecole om og einen mailed enter a ere eee gee te eee

Ua Sion tetera ee Ecce cb tonise est d buying an automobile,

Negotiate price, terms and conditions and follow the direction of the sales mamager on duty.

ee Rune nope g nko olen wae cetred OP essnelsy oie) oe system that is in pce at the dealership.

NUE oan ekeligCmercigemee ental kate eer

FAS SOs arlene prance iced

Ril cop cee a1
March 2011 to October 2012 Company Name % City, State

eat CO oueR oro ene cleo pina ae

This my be in the showroom, outside on the lot or in the service or parts Clgererice

All customers regardless of their reason for being at the dealership will be grected and directed to the Seaman eeeseliernae nam
Assist customers by helping them find a vehicle, test drive and demonstrate the features and benefits of vehicks.

di tou eudlicarcooe ie cocaliant ose onentyd buying an automobile.

Negotiate price, terms and conditions and follow the direction of the sales Persleata me sKClLiS

Escort customers throughout the sales process according to automobile sales system that is in phce at the dealership.

Make follow up calls to past or potential customers.
