RY NESS UCD DSS UWA)

Professional Summary

Hardworking Server who thrives under pressure and goes above and beyond to create unforgettable guest experiences. 1 year experience serving
up to 100 dinner guests at an upscale Kickback Jacks restaurant. Customer- oriented server with excellent interpersonal and commumication skills.
Food and beverage expert. Recently licensed in preparation and sale of akoholic beverages, bar procedures and liquor hws. Focused server,
successfull at multi- tasking and delivering prompt and fiiendly service to all customers. Maintains a positive attitude and a great sense of humor

CT pea CNOA UL EEE aU Lec em cyeei Rial ences onemca cio elem arene neo toni

Experience

Saks Representative 0-1/2017 to Current Company Name City , State Cold-called prospective customers to buikl relationship. Greeted store
customers promptly and responded to questions with knowkdgeabk service.A Compkted documentation for product and service sales, Filled
out expense reports for accounting, Maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up affer sales,
Generated high volume of referrals. Updated database with customer and saks information. Kept showroom professional and neat at all times.
Delivered products to customers in timely manner. Established new customer accounts. Informed management of special sales and service issues.
Evaluated competitors and performed market research. Achieved at least $5,000A monthly saks gross profit.

Server 12/2015 to 05/2016 Company Name City , State

Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.

Skillfilly promoted items on beverage lists and restaurant speciab.

Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health standards.
Displayed enthusiasm and knowledge about the restaurant's menu and products.

Routinely supported other areas of the restaurant as requested, including answering telephones and compketing financial transactions for
Orci

Set dining tables according to type of event and service standards.

Addressed diner comphints with kitchen staffand served repkacerment menu items promptly.

Quickly recorded transactions in MICROS system to deliver prompt service.

Routinely cleaned work areas, glassware and silverware throughout each shift.

edad meomon cms em icaeoneeeniveieennriad

Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goals.

Demonstrated genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with guests.

Guided guests through menus while demonstrating thorough knowledge of the food, beverages and ingredients.
Provided friendly and attentive service.

Ce ee ey

Hostess 08/2015 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.

BaP eet Bon ROC nea CMTC E Alc esp ees] Oe

Wolo ocmlecsNarne Ronee bee ecm r aie iarelis over aversudORnate) cbs bonilekian citct ce

Assigned patrons to tables suitable for their needs and according to rotation.

POSS RoC ROU h ines CeeBinenb Mia caaiatly) orcs hace cee

Assisted in maintaining preparation and service areas ina sanitary condition Cleaned and organized eating, service, and kitchen areas
Cleaned and sterilized equipment and facilities Cleaned garbage cans with water or steam Responsibke for the design and preparation of all
rer S on wm ree Leni eLe ieee tiem

Cashier / Drive Thru Operator 08/2014 to 01/2015 Company Name City , State

Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations.
Consistently provided friendly guest service and heartfelt hospitality.

Promptly and empathetically handled guest concems and comphints.

Deronstrated integrity and honesty while interacting with guests, team members and managers.
Operated the drive-through window and sales register quickly and efficiently.

Greeted customers and provided excellent customer service.

etonienekeetionlom ncaa ctmyiueelde nn cie

Built loyal clientele through friendly interactions and consistent appreciation.

MrgucecBOlCMe annem eke Oltce

Prepared all food orders within a 2-3 minute time frame.

Assembled food orders while maintaining appropriate portion control.

Verified that prepared food met all standards for quality and quantity.

yiguccs ERG dyes ue cH lane nied PaO eee OREO ere Rr CORB SUES CMs OL ONLINE Te elas Rceeed tee

re

beaten)

N/A, Current Varina High School - 7053 Messer Rd, Henrico, VA 23231

als

Cash handling, clientele, excellent customer service, customer service, fast, financial, frame, honest, Meal preparation, MICROS, office, window,
policies, probkmsolver, quality, Quick, rapport, safety, sales, tables, team player, telephones, type, trustworthy.

© Sales Software: Saksforce.com, TapScan
