RY NB DCW W018) F.4 UC)
ABIGAIL FULTON
Accomplishments

Demonstrated strong communication skills through extensive work with a diverse population; President of academic and extracurricular
organizations, preparing and overseeing the coordination of events, Team captain of collegiate sports, ensuring a positive environment
Acquired over 20 new families to join the local swim lessons program

Demonstrated strong communication skills through extensive work with a diverse population

A President of academic and extracurricular organizations, preparing and oversecing the coordination of events,
PMtotitey motel oucronemesmr reebok rst

Acquired over 20 new families to join the local swim lessons program

Professional Summary

Enthusiastic college student, excited to explore the marketing and social media fields, possessing expertise in personal commumications and
cultivating human relationships.

Motivated customer service specialist with over 4 years of work experience ina fast-paced, team-based environment, including more than 10
years experience leading a swim and water polo tears.

Enthusiastic college student, excited to explore the marketing and social media fields, possessing expertise in personal commumications and
cultivating human relationships.

Motivated customer service enthusiast with over 4 years of work experience in a fast-paced, team-based environment, including more than 10
years experience leading a swim and water polo tears.

alg

Rekationship selling Quick keamer Resolution-oriented Reliable and dependable Cheerfil and energetic Dedicated
team player Hard work ethic Strong communication skills

IO elieaseecnee ies « Extremely organized
Niieekaanmselstceyics * Team kadership
Quick keamer Cae ckcon tena

Ryo S ie eltctice communication skills
NTioemto ikea rnnitedte et)

[Nias eceiibey

(Ol Poneccecsn aren teti alt

IO elieaseecnee ies
Niieekaanmselstceyics

Quick keamer

[Nias eceiibey

(Ol Poneccecsn aren teti alt

Bret esttcrs ti)

Exceptional communication skills
Nya spelianael

Aire rcatouri keer en ninedioe ny

Work History
08/2016 to 12/2016
Saks Associate Company Name 4€“ City , State

Prepared merchandise for sales floor.

Directed individuals to merchandise locations.

Suggested accessories and complementary purchases.

Accepted and processed retums.

Kept work areas clean and neat at all times.

Provided repeat customers with exceptional care and attention.

Prioritized and accomplished wide range of tasks each shift.

Worked collaboratively in team environment.

Responded to customer concems with friendly and knowledgeable service.

Educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company's mission and values.
Followed up with multiple customers each week to verify that they were satisfied with purchases.
Cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers ina friendly manner.

08/2016 to 12/2016
Saks Associate Company Name 4€“ City , State

Performed all duties related to retail sales includine:
