SALES ASSOCIATE
Core Strengths
CRS LeRrnsConteicied
© Multitasking ability

ar een a « Reliable and punctual

CROtsonuabirekuay wcrc ; Sees
© Excellent communication skills
Oo Bsr sintees alley

Accomplishments

Customer Interface

© Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

¢ Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.

¢ Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays. Organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store. Verified that all
TUNE end iias Brea Oe OM etite atom

Received and processed cash and credit payment for in-store purchases.

Described use of operation of merchandise to custonxrs.

Maintained knowkdge of current sakes and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.

Helped customers over the phone regarding our store policy and store hours

Helped customers over the phone regarding our store merchandise

EleKg
Blekg
Blk

Work Experience

08/2015 to Current

Saks Associate Company Name it City , State

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payrrents, retums and exchanges.
Excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.

Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client.
Neate Reon ie Re aelnura enor Kars Onecare ncn ied
Assisted customers with store and product comphints.

SUreccet RBar cbr nme axe meIc OT Ute

Responsible for ringing up customers ina timely manner and guaranteeing high Ievel of customer service.
le yeatiivneR neo ee Matinee ete uaiatnelcen ORE yam) ace

I UreecnsatBrnucertnecep alee Roots Leo

11/2014 to 03/2015

BLN lo omen NANG RAGIN MEIC.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, retums and exchanges.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning,

ac

02/2017 to Current

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning,
Assisted customers with store and product comphints.

Organized the store by retuming all merchandise to its proper place.

UrencwosBrurarsn cease Roopa Le

Educational Background

v0}

High Schoo! Diplomm Monroe High School i City , State

PCC eRe cea ecto Ge lr NA@e orb y 2S Naeem YU enee OuucriganieveB Kae) oiem
pinaeshy

Soccer, Working out, Music/Concerts

Nas

LOT amccay cd

LOTS amet Aat et

Bilingual

(ete a kotcs

Good interpersonal skillsa€<

Good communication skills

Works well under pressure

Attention to detail

Collaborative team member
