SALES
Summary

General Sakes Manager offering 17-year background in sales and customer service, as well
as leading a cohesive team in consistently achieving aggressive sales goals.

Highlights
© Excellent communication skills © Compelling leadership skills
* Established track record of exceptional sales results © Resolution-oriented
© Effective Retail Sales Manager © Energetic
© Exceptional multi-tasker Pi cxcol anaiirebinisuasrat’

schivor anes

April2014

to

feTsvang

On seal eh O hase RST coy

Successfillly assisted clients in choosing floor covering that was consistent with their preferences and budget.

Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.

Site Riial dee) euarc ene Rucduennene wavelet (ods

Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.

Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staffassignments.
A celGrcal ectalecaine Res) eoteersicsa ce

January 2005

to

June 2013

Company Name City , State General Sales Manager

Identify staff vacancies and recruit, interview and select applicants.

Determine staffing requirements, and interview, hire and train new employees, or oversee those personnel processes.

Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service prograrrs.

Provide current and prospective employees with information about policies, job duties, working conditions, wages, opportunities for
promotion and employee benefits.

Plan and conduct new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.

Perform difficult staffing duties, including dealing with understaffing, refereeing disputes, firmg employees, and administering disciplinary
Sey cece li gem

Analyze training needs to design employee development, language training and health and safety programs.

Manage staff, preparing work schedules and assigning specific duties.

Serve as a Ink between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve
work-related problens.

Phan, organize, direct, control or coordinate the personnel, training, or labor relations activities of an organization.

Develop, administer and evaluate applicant tests.

Prepare personnel forecast to project employment needs.

Represent organization at personneL-related hearings and investigations.

Plan and direct activities such as sales promotions, coordinating with other department heads as required.

Review operational records and reports to project sakes and determine profitability.

Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.

Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.

Advise dealers and distributors on policies and operating procedures to ensure fictional effectiveness of business.

Direct, coordinate, and review activities in sales and service accounting and recordkeeping, and in receiving and shipping operations.
Performsalkes floor work, such as greeting or assisting customers, stocking shelves, or taking inventory.

Recommend locations for new facilities or oversee the remodeling or renovating of current facilities.

PO aT Eom ay U CRU mess Etc e] ain

August 1998

to

October 2004

Company Name City , State Store Manager

© Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.
* Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programms.
¢ Review operational records and reports to project sakes and determine profitability.
