SALES MANAGER

Summary

Friendly and enthusiastic with over six years of specialization in hospitality. Able to kam new tasks quickly and proficient in growing key customer
relationships. Represent establishment with friendly, professional demeanor at all times. Abke to work ina fast paced establishment and passionate

about exceeding expectations.

Highlights
* Clint relations specialist © Deadline-oriented
© Conflict resolution techniques © Managerent of remote employees
© Teammnnagermment © Focused on customer satisfaction
* Meticulous attention to detail © Efficiency
© Skilled mutti-tasker ¢ Excellent verbal communication

Accomplishments
Customer Assistance

® Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
CO CM Leo

* Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
CEP COO ica UNes aml ms bebep ious elieed eR net Leem cee Demme leit UOtcMNCke Lec tn

schivor anes
Sales Manager 01/2015 14 07/2015 Company Name City , State

© Active Learning Social Perceptiveness Reading Comprehension Computers and Electronics Picker Amazon Obtain merchandise from bins
Oboes
¢ Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.

Cashier Zaxbys 09/2014 i%4 01/2015 City , State

Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.

Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and compkte other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.

Plan parties or other special events and services.

Perform marketing and advertising services.

Assist customers by providing information and resolving their comphints.

Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.
Greet customers entering establishments.

Answer customers’ questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.

Sell tickets and other items to customers.

Process merchandise retums and exchanges.

Place merchandise on conveyors leading to wrapping areas.

Read orders to ascertain catalog nurbers, sizes, colors, and quantities of merchandise.

Oversee regional and local sales managers and their staf.

Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale.
Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service prograrrs.

Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase.

Visit franchised dealers to stimulate interest in establishment or expansion of kasing prograns.

Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to customers.

Use OM CCRC NoMa nouiMMcO RiGee ial sere nucniconcueveml la lnecbsrieelacce rae
Cakuhte total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.

Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or.

01/2014 14 07/2014 City, State

09/2010 14 01/2014 City, State

brairestbeny

May 2012 High School Diploma : General Business Ringgold High School City , State Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have
adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and compkte other general ckaning
duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans. automatic debits. Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to customers. Assist
customers by providing information and resolving their comphints. Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills
using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scarmers. Greet customers enteringestablishments. Answer custorrers' questions, and provide
informtion on procedures or policies. Sell tickets and other items to customers. Process merchandise retums and exchanges. Assist with duties in
other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers’ items. Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins.
Sicecelaneinescrcke ali ea eR chili Uns ee ai td CMR IES Ne MeR eR LCCC (ctrcmesaiUm ne am Clemo mul cu Biba ia rath tac
and prepare packages for shipment. Post charges against guests' or patients’ accounts. Keep periodic balance sheets of amounts and numbers of
