OUTBOUND SALES
lOnteam Oana aNd
Call Center Representative versed in customer support in high call volume environments. Superior computer skills and telephone etiquette.
CO ceRsie uli sy

Pam waneersl fair tine benesielis
Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel
MS Windows proficient
Adherence to high customer service
Skilled in call center operations standards
Adheres to customer service procedures
Customer-focused
[Otis umscay ert
Ole a ciroy

Cr ee eT

Accomplishments

CREO sorumca ecb rte
© Quick kamer

Mea oencranacd
erates
June 2009 to June 2011 Company Name i City , State

Answered an average of [80] calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving probkms and providing new product information.
1D Sorlock uerua kutconunkinemlednel omer anecRecriice ne kencRe eircom

ele ee kero omy ace beL em

Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.

Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concems, demonstrating empathy and resolving probkens on the spot.
SMa aor emia nen ene U CHE RMPP ORO ta ececwne moire ote

Routinely answered customer questions regarding merchandise and pricing,

Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.

Evaluated consumer reports on a monthly basis.

Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently ina complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment.

Resolved service, pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions.

Cr

i cecbeng
March 2002 to December 2003 Company Name i% City , State

Cree

Scheduled appointrents, registered patients and distributed sample pharmaceuticals as prescribed.
Hvytecrenalhatnemaennconsmccn CURT Nein en mun CRN R Cane

Adeptly managed a multi-line phone system and pleasantly greeted all patients.

Verified patients’ clighbility and chims status with insurance agencies.

ei hec he bon gerne ean a teeBhcl iia Om Lexeitem

Diligently filed and followed up on third party chims.

Ce hialec Prat eurMNnDartiseaniLed eo eesen sl ae

Researched CPT and ICD-9 coding discrepancies for compliance and reimbursement accuracy.
Resourcefilly used various coding books, procedure manuals and ort line encoders.

Precisely evaluated and verified benefits and eligbility.

LOE ech con sae bn onmuOtomurtaincuaanclya

Treated all patients, their families, visitors, peers, staffand providers ina pleasant and courteous manner.

)

Provider Rep
May 2003 to March 2008 Company Name 1 City , State

Assisted in the maintenance of medical charts and/or ekctronic medical record (filng, Op Reports, test results, home care forms).
Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical docurentation.

iceenechbon aurea teeBicl ia Om Lexe item

eigeenee Bebo ee OM ocean Cee N Ree ICoUe One CE Lene yA

Researched questions and concems from providers and provided detailed responses.

DOE eR coneaaabn oven omullcincuaancle

Organized the department in accordance with administrative guidelines in order to provide specified nursing services to meet the legal,
organizational and medical staff guidelines.

Ge be HCG EKO AI OE brs odcercsiiic lym iipeebveauupcnml Guana ccs

© Confirmed accurate completion of forms/reports for the admission, transfer and/or discharge of each resident.

re ee ee er }

© Initiated audit process to evaluate thoroughness of documentation and maintenance of facility standards. Coke Manage Vision - Twinsburg,
