RY NB DCW W018) F.4 UC)

Professional Summary

Tam talented individual who will bring my sales talent, fashion sense, and passion for clothing to your company. i have a proven track record of
success in sales .iam looking for suitable position with a company that offers there staff superb career opportunities, job enrichment and a
EUR ea OniTTa

Core Qualifications
PECL exo cilia © Goakoriented
¢ Accurate money handling © Excellent commumication skills
© Teamphyer mentality © Saks force training
* Reliable and dependable =»: Persuasive communication expertise

schivor anes
SALES ASSOCIATE 04/2015 to 05/2016
Company Name City , State

Responsible for actively promoting and selling the company's products to a wide range of customers ina very competitive market place.
Contacting potential customers that have shown an interest in the company’s products and then selling to them.

Actively seeking new accounts in a wide variety of locations.

Updating of customer information in paper records and on computer databases.

Handling the complete sales process.

Researching new market and sales opportunities.

Educating clients on the company's products and services.

(Xe Money pe cuCm man weal crn

Keeping in touch with customers via a range of mediums such as phone cals, letters, Enmail and SMS.

Executing an organized, efficient and structured sales process making outbound sales calls.

Salke/Customer Service Representative 12/2012 to 05/2015
Company Name City , State

¢ Serviced existing accounts, obtained orders, and established new accounts by planning and organized daily work schedule to call on existing
or potential sales outlets and other trade factors.

Established or identified prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.
Received payment by cash, check, credit cards Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change duc to customers.

Submitted orders by referring to price lists and product literature.

Covance SOHC ene iLeCe eh NeT en ewiCh Memo CRcl i west Figur icMm as dy AWOL as cmILem ere ln inivaetesestne rade
territory analyses.

Monitored competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, new products.

Recommend changes in products, service, and policy by evaluating results and competitive developments.

Maximized sales opportunities through outstanding customer service.

Established and maintain good customer relations, with both intemal and external customers.

Spent time in the field promoting demonstrating company products.

Saks Associate/ Customer Representative 10/2010 to 022011
Company Name City , State

© Ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, which includes greeting and acknowledging
Cosmet

* Maintain an awareness ofall promotions and advertisements.

© Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards Issue receipts, refimds, credits, or change due to custorrers.

Education

SShapbele pees Bel smn Pt eel btr eS RO nai aUbaCeeatig

Skills

advertisements, calculators, cash registers, competitive, credit, clients, customer relations, customer service, databases, Ermail, Issue receipts,
kiters, market, market and sales, pricing, Researching, selling, sales, scanners, SMS, structured, phone
