SALES MANAGER TERRITORY SALES MANAGER
schivor anes
Sales Manager/ Territory Sales manager 02/2014 to 08/2015 Company Nam City , State

© Selling and working with Franchises, Strategic Partners on Mobile Loyalty Phtform
* Working with Digital and Advertising Agencies on Reselling ProductSelling Local Clients in the Arkansas Territory on the Mobik Loyalty
better

Marketing Executive/Senior Sales Consultant 04/2011 to 01/2014 Company Name City , State

© Aggressively research, develop, and cultivate leads for LivingSocial Deals using a variety of online and offline sourcesMeet and strive to
exceed individual monthly, quarterly, and annual sales goalsQualify prospective clients by phone and close deals in-personUse consultative
sales skills to assess merchant goals, propose a customized LivingSocial solution, and obtain commitmentMamage relationships with
established clients and construct proposals and contracts within selling guidelines to develop and maintain a book of businessCommumicate
ongoing contacts and sales activities utilizing Salesforce.comProvide ongoing and up-to-date documentation to the operations teamand
regulrly collaborate best deal strategies*Ist Ranked MC 201 1-North America*2011 Annual Review Rating- SMVP*Hawaii Whale
Winner Circle 2011*VP Many Cole Challenge Badge* Turkey & Gravy Badge*Dasher Badge*Blue Whale Badge*March Madness
Badge*Nothing But Net Badge-Attended VIP Event for Ist Qtr, Red Hot Chili Peppers*Rock Star Badge Winner-was among the 12 that
was treated to dinner with Tim and Mandy*Multiple 15x15, 20x15 Badges*Accepted in the June Team Triton ChssAttended 2nd QTR
VIP Event in Las Vegas, Palivs HotelWon Glass 1/2 Full Badge in JulyWhalewinners Circle 2012, Trip to Costa RicaRoadunner Badge
Winner for Jan.

© Feb, March 2013Quarterly VIP Winnner for 2nd, 3rd and 4th 2013.

Business Manager 06/2008 to 03/2011 Company Name City , State
¢ Selling online advertising, sponsorships, Contest to stategic accounts and new customers.
Local Sales Manager 10/2004 to 06/2008 Company Name City , State

¢ Managed 9 Local Account Executives, Team Building, Managed Inventory, Controlled the Paid Programming and Direct Response
Accounts, Point person for Intemet Sales, Received the New York Times "Rules of the Road" Award for Top Performer 2007.

Retail Account Executive/Intemet Advertising Manager 08/1998 to 10/2004 Company Narre City , State

© Developed new and serviced existing accounts with regards to newspaper design, Implemented marketing plans for individual clients,
Ah iettdecovaUlinaicuurines cena nthe cietacm Ores ecm erdacrl ee Roaiitircimm Datel esceM lariceen atic iezelt|
Peasy ps) ames (ecm

Senior Buyer 08/2015 to Current Company Narre City , State Remote Senior Buyer--Searing for new and exciting products and reaching out to
designers and manufacturers to establish partnerships. A Pitching brand vendors to work with Touch of Modem and establish new relationships.
A Managing dozens of accounts while simultaneously continuing to build new ones. A Planning sales events and sekecting the final products for
saks events. A Neotiating pricing and tens.

OU CRS a acinior (as\vulaullava Oth ZA PR OROr cd Oli NAN UL ed Cac CHa e BEE o ia u Lela ELS B.caLa
hao Teletupae eerie bced okies sca PMurenedornehvanore ent SMa ecCuele con inLalg

Rotor a Ol suua ano Cece LET IL Ge sy Boeg Gane aoe BL ASL ccs A Planning sakes and sclecting the final products
Ron ekancn ea wresetainegse eesti Rice

Remote Senior Buyer in Fayetteville, AR 08/2015 to Current Company Name City , State Searching for new and exciting products and reaching
rahe ern Moat ROL CHAS nos mw uo nedarineh rset moran i Mtoratyavocaene karla brave
rehtionships. A Managing dozens of accounts while simultaneously continuing to build new ones. A Planning sales and sclecting the final products
es aan ear Wena trea nvonree tne Norte

os aa Peon area AU BRR TD ANIL LON ARC MMIie Oe Ante auilgyuea SEB icala ia
out to Seay and manufacturers to establish partnerships. A Pitching brand vendors to work with Touch of Modem and establish new
rehtionships. A Managing dozens of accounts while simultaneously continuing to build new ones. A Planning sakes andseketing the final products
for sales events. Negotiating pricing and tens.

brairestbeny

MBA UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS City , State

BS : Business Adiinistration/Marketing UNIVERSITY OF CENTRAL ARKANSAS City , State Business Administration/Marketing

High Schoo! Diplomm MANSFIELD HIGH SCHOOL City , State

Skills

Advertising, book, Excellent Communication, Computer Knowledge, contracts, Clients, documentation, Innovation, Inventory, Team Building,
marketing plans, newspaper, Programming, proposals, research, sales skills, Selling, Sales, Saks Managerrent, Strategic, phone, websites
