D2B SALES
Career Overview

Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 10 years client interface experience. Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive
track record in dermnding sakes and account management environments. Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain
CSO ramalha Haber Renilla hoe stn gih cacy

COR uli sy
¢ Strong organizational skills
PAN ven ees alld
Seasoned in conflict resolution
Sharp probkmsolver
Courteous demeanor CRO) arid eters erveees (tics
Draynaem Ones tine
Customer service expert
Telecommunication skills
Pcie) aa

Cr ee ee ee ee ee

Accomplishments
OO ae a aN
© Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently compketed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
(eT aR Rane
¢ Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales A
¢ Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

Work Experience
D2B Saks May 2015
Company Name i City , State

Developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding sales goals. Achieved high sales percentage with consultative,
value-focused customer service approach.

Customer Service Sep 2013
COon inane LO NES]

¢ Maintained up-to-date knowledge ofstore policies regarding payments, retums and exchanges.Created new processes and systems for
increasing customer service satisfaction.

Customer Service Rep Sep 2013 to May 2015
(eon NaN rea yA OEIC

Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity. Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments,
retums and exchanges.Created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction. Developed highly empathetic client
relationships and eared reputation for exceeding sales goals. Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service
approach.Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client. Worked under strict deadlines and
responded to service requests and emergency call-outs.Interacted with customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses and

Oe cillloe Re eonm aur on UR EN neg ied adel a cn @ rrr ou suaekeconamourcrscteb cco eckltarsorreg
comphints. Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders.Kept abreast of rapidly evolving technology.

Trainer New Hire Customer Service Specialist Jan 2000 to Jan 2006
Leon ria NET ey L@L NASI AIC

¢ MS Office power-user with additional proficiencies in assorted 2001-2010 databases.

* Provided telephone, online and face-to-face customer service/support within Awards high-volume call centers (handling an average of 95
callsfnternet inquiries daily), busy retail customer service desks and five-star resorts.

© Top Performer Award, 2008, 2009 Six-Time Employee of Pe rformance Re vie w Exce rpts the Month, 2004 to 2006 & the second year
ina row, Tracy has been the top perfoner on my team For Five Service Star &exceeded her call metrics goals by 15% ...excellent
communication, Awards, 2000 to 2004 technical support and troubleshooting skills & excels in working has independently in a fast-paced
environment & become my # | trainer of Compute r Skills new hires & (2000, 2002, 200382006 Performance Review, Drakes Janitorial
Service.) Word, Excel, PowerPoint, &Tracy exemplifies excellent customer service & consistently thinks outside Access, Outlook, ACT!,
