SALES

Professional Summary

Talented Construction Manager with more than twenty years of success on various projects as an Independent Contractor. Solid experience
mmnaging all levels of small to large scale projects. Extensive experience in the preparation of compkte cost estimation. Accomplished in
compkting project on time at or under budget. Strong eadership and relationship buikiing skills by providing ckar direction and exphnation of
plans and contract terms. Meticulous work. Proficient at juggling multiple tasks, working under pressure, and take pride in attention to detail.
Collaborate successfiilly with architects, owners and construction staff to compkte mult-million dollar projects.

Experience

CO ALO RL es ca

Sakes Company Name 14 City , State

ee

Sell rifles, pistols, shotguns and their accessories.

Provide quality contro! for state and federal required paperwork.

Provide excellent customer service by identifying customer and company needs.
Provide company maintenance services.

Competently install purchased accessories to customer fireanns.

01/1992 to 01/2015
renee SuLcomAAorsireleie wrens Znesyuc Ol mmN CG

Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.

© Conpkted tear-down of existing structures and prepared for new construction Coordinated utility service providers according to project

Rotce( icon

© Obtained buikding and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.

Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve
enh icles

Wer eriechioulam ee eaitere Ory cciicce oboe corcikenncaomeacennys

Reported to the immediate supervisors on production and conformance with the contract schedule.

lee recE Kun bes br emuoctl aver ccRip aban Kueriid Com nnce rine Oc Moe in nic ein Br isTiata ive B ice tcet Antes
Worked with construction administration consultants to plan fick! observations on scheduk.

Digitally archived weekly progress and technical "Knowledge Base" photographs ofall assigned projects.

Uroiiccs Pres Oo iceR mo nuienelifeeicemel vere coe

Oversaw the entire building tumover process, while enhancing communication between all construction mmnagem Assisted the operations
FUT ORRIN Aaa co Conc ie

Determined the project schedule, which included the sequence of all construction activities.

Prepared regular interval progress reports.

Offered technical assistance to service providers.

OO rccnoniece Mme Raia AERC KS eueciianam nay ucal lal Leice emule cee cel alice

Guided and directed third-party inspectors through project construction, commissioning and closeout.

PAW locke aurankcN adi LLonia ena neo ROR niSreulercniemineyancin ad

Scheduled all contractors and terials deliveries.

Impknented systems to improve process efficiency and reduce the project duration.

Trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members.

01/1985 to 01/1992
Uitrecm Oona Nila ROME OIC

Cr ee ee)

Full time service and repair phurber for residential and commercial sites Developed and implemented a successful contract platform
Research and impkmented their eak detection unit Built and fostered a strong relationship with the Sacramento area restaurant community
Safety Officer for THE Plurbing Company, conducting weekly safety meetings and review Developed and taught plumbing code classes to
new and seasoned employees Specialized in replacing restaurant waste-drain vent systems whik keeping business open Eliminated risks by
correctly identifying potential safety hazards.

Interpreted blueprints to determine locations, quantities and sizes of materials required.

Expanded trade knowledge by networking with colleagues and participating in courses and seminars.

Read blueprints to determine appropriate materials and procedures for cach project.

Mamaged job site hazards by accurately locating biohazards, low-grade radiation and chemicals.

Independently worked on projects, while offering process coordination and cooperation with other teams.

Comnplied with all local plumbing codes throughout the duration of each project.

Inspected structures to avoid any obstruction and delays throughout the project.

Prepared detailed records ofall project tasks from start to finish.

Offered guidance and training to junior team members.

beatPestteyn)

1972

Seabee eRe ouebenoayleps ube tee SL -L@LS mms Cl
1976
