SALES ASSOCIATE

Summary

Punctual, customer-focused professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. Flexible schedule and strong
communicator who consistently meets and exceeds customer service goals. Reliable team player with an enthusiastic, outgoing attitude.
Highlights

© Interpersonal communication Bese

CMB shuntere tyra tscay actor (rt Cy, Came COLUSA ia

© Adapt to diverse groups © Conflict resolution proficiency
Pe col argue acid ¢ Strong problem solving ability
* Skilled problemsoler Raye as

© Consistently meets sales goals

« Exceptional organizational skills

schivor anes
Saks Associate 10/2013 to 01/2014 Company Nanv City , State

Me ecebrrerdlanelcemc oe cee Ld Newb eRe Sal een e sccm

Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.

Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.

Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.
Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.

Followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays.

Followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays.

Resolved all customer comphints ina professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.

On ela cee IR PAN RRR LO mmc

© Carefully monitored children's play activities.A

Prepared meals per employers instruction or om my own if instruction was not provided
Disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior.
Incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression.

Routinely picked chikren up from school and activities.

Escorted children on outings and trips to local parks and zoos.

Upheld all CPRandA First A Aid A certifications.

Cashier 10/2011 to 05/2012 Company Name City , State

© Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.

© Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.

© Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.

© Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.

CEU eetrlpreli eel cuecina ces scemas em ra henntaenniecale Rue onckel ai nekeis i crucica

© Handkd all customer relations issues ina gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.

PEA Cee rcccutsonenpilcenpcrocrtnemeset etal ees Omi attce

© Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including folding clothes and cleaning out fitting rooms.

brairestbeny

High Schoo! Diplorm 2010 Prospect Mountain High School City , State Member of History Club, Winter Carnival Planning Committee, Co-
Founder of Mr. and Mrs. Prospect Mountain Charity Competition ? Expanded Functions Dental Assistant Certificate: Dental Assistant
Dental Assisting 2012 New Hampshire Techical Institute City , State

als

cOMnbroha Menoneninnica cree My Mimoneemremcere a MuclacolrenrirRenrantoreertnttent rks
