SALES ASSOCIATE/GOLF SALES ASSOCIATE
Executive Summary

High-energy and focused Manager with 26 years of Honorable military service. Posses a wealth of experience which was developed by taking on
greater postilions of responsibility and restructuring policies and improving upon the organizational goals. Mentoring junior kaders and providing
direction for all personnel under my charge. In addition to taking-on and managing new projects with increased demand and responsibility.

Core Qualifications
© 15 years experience in the field of Operations management in © Developed budgetary policies in order to reduce daily operating
the U.S. Amy under various circumstances while deployed to costs, and analyzed contracts for approval recommendation.
ele BAN arco rath R ate pCR crcl eek eh AHI t cm Ce ec VA ce coarcLeminy Lace is@li ccs Om Leos!
© Mentored and developed keadership skills of Iraqi and Afghan and MAC, including preparing and managing spreadsheets,
medical officers, in order to help them become more self presentations, and various types of documents.
sufficient in their daily missions. * Possess 12 years of experience in Adobe Acrobat/Reader and
© Developed the staffof various medical clinics in order to preparing and editing Portable Docurrent Fort (PDF) enabled
elevate the staff performance Pine Beuerucemuelnaicennenesnuecuied nero cacao iM necel
© Developed and put into effect policies that contributed in * Transport and Shipping of Biomedical Materials Course is IAW the
obtaining low numbers of comphints by staffand customers 49 CFR, 42 CFR, 9CFR, 21 CFR, and the USPS Donrstic and
Bind I iiltrseatberes BU BAY fits) se
Professional Experience
Sales Associate/Golf Saks Associate

April 2006 to Current Company Name 1% City , State
Provide customer service by analyzing and recommending proper equipment and set-up for the golfenthusiast
provides support with apparel and footwear

Pak y ue bw eK cersbrhiad
RE AUG ROR nM Cael lian cli ce OrN mnt

© Served as the principal advisor on the Special Staffand the Personal Staff to the Commanding General of the AMEDDC&S; principal
duties included presenting briefings on sensitive issues and providing recommendations.

Providing briefings to the Chief of Staff of the AMEDDC&S.

Supervised 65 subordinate Equal Opportunity Leaders and one Equal Opportunity Advisor within the 32nd Medical Brigade.

Managed the annual budget for the Equal Opportunity program, which consisted of $45,000.

Responsibke for over $1.6 million dollars worth of medical equipment and 8 medical evacuation vehicks in addition to managing an
operational budget of $20,000 for medical supplies and equipment (2009-201 1).

© I possess two years and one month experience as a Military Medical Adviser/Trainer on a Military Transition Team in Iraq and Afghanistan.
© Iwas responsible for the planning and coordinating training with US Coalition forces at Camp Taji, Iraq and Wardak Province.

Riewpaccera aie
RE AUG ROR nM eaGQe lian click LON mECT l(c

* Four months experience as a Sales Associate at Bed Bath and Beyond at 4022 E 53rd St Davenport, IA 52807.
© Provided customer support and assisted customers in the selection of products for purchase.

© Additional duties included helping as a cashier during high volure customer periods and merchandising.

© Other duties included packaging and shipping merchandise to other stores.

¢ Assisted with the balancing and closing of the registers at the end of the night.

Manager
RES AUR Ran mA eRe lian clea LON mEST l(c

© One year experience as the Military Manager of the Rock Island Arsenal health clinic, Rock Island Arsenal, IL.

CW oleicnl ban gedert enc alns tcl tana posi RA oa Soames mR aioe yl iKar sy vce Rivero’
employees.

© Responsible for managing the annual clinical budget of $500.00, which was used for ordering office and medical supplies, official temporary

duty travel, and training for the maintenance of required licenses and certifications for the clinic physicians and medical staf

Was responsible for $3.8 million dollars worth of equipment and facilities.

In addition to recommending and oversecing the contracts for services provided to the clinic, such as regulated medical waste removal,

radiological equipment services, oxygen delivery systems, and custodial services.

Siew accee os rendiapnieg
January 2007 to January 2007 Company Name i City , State

© One year, nine months experience as a Sales Associate at Hechinger’s Home Improvement Centers at Fayetteville, NC.
* Provided customer support and assisted customers in the selection of products in the Lawn/Garden and Hardware/Tools departments;
