SALES ASSOCIATE

Summary

Customer-focused management professional, with successful track record of kading and managing teams . Quality-oriented and proactive in
resolving issues with exceptional organizational and communication skils. Self-starter with a positive, can-do attitude who is driven to kam,
Fi eerie Ribacaats

Skils

Ie See Re LOM US LeSaece Mee cede aman cee a cme nal omen cles AUliLeprrstnaralnsem
financial reports, hiring, information systems, instruction, inventory management, inventory, leadership, lesson plan, logistics, loss prevention,
DUOC MESO LCoS a NOn lets Cnr CmmNMCrl Osa acoan mene ome come UO Se
OECTA cm eum Oe GUST TL en eme aM ACU Lom Lane CM Comal STB ES a retest cnn on AE CN ASI CARS CMT aS
eared Seis Ou MST MOCO CML amt THeg yur MRCS O SL aIL ete

Education and Training

Ph.D. : Managerent Information Systems Walden Universtiy City , State

MBA : Business Administration 2001 Webster University City , State

Bachelor of Science : Public Relations 1996 University of Florida City , State

Experience

Saks Associate 02/2016 to 07/2017 Company Name City, State

Buidd personal connections with customers styling and style advice.

Orcltom ones Om aon bere myab ncctanl bern ccuk dine ore aa sites
Apply key selling behavior to connect personal, store and company wide sakes goak.

Nears onantlnetiauncalraxyccroip neva m

Substitute Teacher 01/2016 to Current Company Nanx City , State

© Responsible for providing instruction and managing the classroom environment.

Encourage, monitor and promote student progress.

Follow the kesson plan and outlines by the absent teacher.

Maintain the established routines and procedures for the school and assigned classroom.

Work cooperatively with all student personnel.

Maintain student confidentiality,

Provide a written report on the day's activities at the conclusion of each day for the absent teacher.

Merchandiser 02/2015 to 02/2016 Company Name City , State

CA Con muremin scr Ee OMe Ocenia m nies gore saleavee) cries

ROBIN Ledtita bam er SEL M CNG LOS eer snee eel cele mrcel UO ESR Rul CHET Baal Keysuancalhoey
ac peneE edi m ier Rsc Nace ORC hee om

Maintained special displays.

Updated products counts and other information for client database.

Ensured that products were properly stocked and rotated.

Established and maintained a friendly and professional relationship with store managers and department managers.

Textile Designer/Web-based Store Owner 11/2011 to 09/2015 Company Narre City , State

© Owner and operator of'a web-based home goods store

© Hand drawa textile prints

¢ Digitally rendered textile prints with Adobe Illustrator

© Performed all management, marketing and social media aspects of the business.

Bo
BG
BL
Business Management Instructor 01/2008 to 01/2010 Company Name City , State

Se el ccRinoncuan cmc micubraceb om incavuet tb icneccmiiiyualraneenniess

© Work independently to continuously build relationships through networking and cold-calling local businesses to promote student job
placement.

© Increased and maintained course attendance from 73 % to 87%.

¢ Redesigned course curriculum with an integration of web-based technologies.

Logistics Manager 02/2006 to 02/2008 Company Name City , State

© Managed the logistics and facilities of four retail clothing stores.

© Worked with regional management on product placement and strategic operational issues.

© Utilized management informtion systems to analyze and forecast consumer trends, and identify sales opportunities.

¢ Responsibke for productivity improvements for the shipment-intake process, product plcerrent, and price management.
