RY NB DCW W018) F.4 UC)

Professional Summary

Food service worker with fast food, retail and customer service experience. Trained in food safety and handling. Highlights Neat, clean and
professional appearance Delivers exceptional customer service Reliable team worker

als

Work History
Saks Associate 08/2013 to 01/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Computed sakes prices, total purchases and processed payments.

Described merchandise and exphin operation of merchandise to customers.

Maintained knowledge of current promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Placed special orders and called other stores to find desired items.

Operated a cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.

Guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape.

Adninistered all point of sale opening and closing procedures.

Exphined information about the quality, value and style of products to Influence customer buying decisions.
Replenished floor stock and processed shipments to ensure product availability for customers.

Barista 02/2013 to 07/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.

Correctly received orders, processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns.

Noe Bco nos Oeivilbnn belie erranlan

Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and managerrent.

Oe Re once eobionceincces cme Buel komt b ia ake

XO rect S eR Kod ck MLC eceRs ne een aes Ones hae

Accurately measured ingredients required for specific food items.

Prepared and served beverages such as coffee, tea and fountain drinks.

Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking.

QUAN PrTChLCeRNC Le Lente Ecd aman eaicecm nb) Benes

Frequently washed and sanitized hands, food areas and food preparation tools.

Performed general maintenance duties, including mopping floors, washing dishes, wiping counter tops and emptying grease traps.
Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures.

Worked well with teammates and openly invited coaching ftom the management team.

Took initiative to find extra tasks when scheduled duties were completed.

(Ole dati entelccmoe treason ance ented coe tatz.an

Assisted management with monthly inventory control and weekly stock ordering,

Prepared items according to written or verbal orders, working on several different orders simuttancously.

Crew Menber 08/2014 to 11/2014
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Demonstrated integrity and honesty while interacting with guests, team members and managers.

Operated the drive-through window and sales register quickly and efficiently.

Greeted customers and provided excellent customer service.

Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations.

Prepared fountain drinks and ice cream items.

Ure BS Get ce ome N PO acRiuicmiie emilee

Assembled food orders while maintaining appropriate portion control

Prepared specialty foods such as pizzas and sandwiches, following specific methods that required quick prep time.
WBE CIray Zs cercHnse ine hOS OH awe Oct ei Roar cO Ke Ibe lic ol euniurles hice gucoced tcc
Handkd currency and credit transactions quickly and accurately.

Placed food trays over food warmers for immediate service or stored them in reffigerated storage cabinets.

Stored food in designated containers and storage areas to prevent spoilage or cross-contamination.

Maintained ckan and safe environment, including in the kitchen, bathrooms, building exterior, parking lot, dumpster and sidewalk.
Reported to all shifis wearing a neat, clean and unwrinkled uniform

Reported to each shift on time and ready to work.

Diligently restocked work stations and display cases.

Cooked and packaged large batches of food that were prepared to order or kept hot until needed.

Prepped items for later use to save staff time during busy hours.

Saks Associate 12/2012 to 01/2013
Company Name 4€“ City , State

OR a a aan aR oe Le lace hl allel ol tiara aE eta teres ad
