SALES REPRESENTATIVE-PSR.
Summary

Customer-oriented, strategic-thinking Sales and Managerrent Professional with over 10+ years of experience. Background in building

Re Tee LSH SORANINGUCs Le SN ecm Ca nLEia OOM eRneN Ke nucle RMe TNC ce Seco CHa Cae Men mca Stench ete cael nittie)
professional with expertise in management and sales. Proven skills in promoting products and boosting revenue by connecting with customers and
eflectively communicating sales recommendations. Proactive, well-organized sales leader successfil at meeting and exceeding targets with strategic
approaches. Skilled lead generator, product demonstrator and probknrsolver.

Skills

* Relationship selling CESGlcce pe coesinned

© Territory sales © Client account management

© Sales closing Cee grereltoesige steers

© Product management and pricing = Revenue growth

© Product and service knowledge = © ~Teambuilding and kadership

© Post-sales support © Brand mmgenent

Ce Cosekeweuveuiil © Working collaboratively

© Product merchandising © Organizational and People skills
schivor anes

Company Name | City , State SALES REPRESENTATIVE-PSR 09/2013 - Current

Recipient of the High Five Award for meeting sales and customer satisfaction targets; and for sustaining above average relationships
between company and the customer.

Identified customer needs to deliver relevant product solutions and promotions and meet target budgets.

PateceR ann Ronan DOH em ie eateie Samer me ncaileinRe om lberaemiraniin skal aman com
Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.

Kept up-to-date with regional market and industry trends to optimize marketing and sales plans.

Created and implemented store displays, promoting sales and growth.

Demonstrated product features to align with customer needs.

Created successfill strategies to develop and expand customer saks.

Contacted new and existing customers to outline benefits of products.

Improved profitability and developed pipeline using muttiple marketing channels and sales strategies.

Maximized efficiency and time managerrent by effectively planning and organizing client routes within territory.
Monitored customer order process and addressed customer issues.

Prepared and processed contracts and order forms for new and existing customers.

Company Name | City , State BEVERAGE MANAGER 01/2011 - 04/2015

Developed a well-organized beverage system and directed a highly experienced team consisting of 10 bartenders and approximately 30
servers to provide best hospitality experience to customers.

* Prepared appropriate staff schedules according to budgetary guidelines.
© Oversaw and mnintained stock levels to serve high-quality products consistent with customer requirements.

Demonstrated strong analytical and financial skills while maintaining budget, processing payroll, implementing cost control, and evaluating
income estimates, profit and loss statements, sales and labor flash reports.

Improved staff productivity by conducting training on customer service, company policies, and safety practices.

Created a healthy and secure environment for staffand guests through the enforcement of safety and sanitation standards.

Retained remarkable service standards by hiring highly talented staff for all departrrents.

Trained all front of house staff on restaurant policies and procedures, guest service teclmiques and communication skills to ensure positive
Orvcraraes

Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage, and sanitation of food and beverage products to ensure quality.

CE nioietR reno tren cote S CelcMeclarceMonedauces ee ULcMmca Leck Galle Pee inisunet@ iar aLeice
© Performed restaurant walk-throughs to gauge timelmess and excellent service quality.

Company Name | City , State MERCHANDISER 01/2010 - 05/2013

Supported sakes reps in establishing special promotional set-ups and providing compelling presentation of products.

Drove sales and profitability goals by cultivating positive rapport with key store individuals and customers.

Organized engaging front-facing displays to capture customer interest and drive revenue growth.

Asranged items in favorable positions and areas of store to attract customers and optimize sales.

Communicated and coordinated planogram execution with store management.

Followed prepared sketches and planograms to arrange consistent shelves, racks and bins across various locations.

Updated seasonal disphys such as windows and mannequins to highlight current product lines.

Configured and arranged up-to-date advertising and marketing displays, creatively placed merchandise on counters or tables to promote
visibility and sakes.
