SALES
Career Overview

During the course of my career as an IT Professional, I have developed a varied set of I.T. and business related skills. 1 hold expert knowledge in
Pend cele ane Once ccces Nees ete gelled rnc cerca ACO SSM en Oreo) vomiting
successfull pioneering and impkentation of the "Paperkess Office" in 33 local Virginia agencies, created a paradigm shift in the culture of how
agencies currently do business. The experience of being a road warrior kading the day to day "hands on" training of the user afforded me a "real
life" work experience and invaluable insight in user training needs, challenges, acceptance and buy-in. The knowledge I gained from the users
resulted into successfill problem solving, change management and implementation outcomes of enterprise management systems. This kind of
knowkdge and experience cannot be gained ina classroom or froma white paper. I have a strong ability to quickly capture business rules,
policies, procedures, workflow issues, fictional requirements and resolve client and technical roadblocks hindering successfil implementation. I
HELENE BUH US OU RNOL aan cnay ce celnlenmin Rohtenncree Mn ain ekccderaleocncuclle cml ieyicd
analytical skills used in business and requirements analysis for a variety of industries. Keen problemsolving skills allowing rapid assimilation and
resolution ofcompkx probkens. Ability to anticipate issues, think proactive, and use critical thinking skills to plan stakeholder elicitation sessions.
Ability to quickly scope training and implementation requirements of project. Able to excel in fast-paced environments, with aggressive project
timeliness. Excellent problem analysis, troubleshooting, and resolution skills. Quick to identify weak Inks in enterprise implementation and ability to
effectively find solutions. Planning Extensive team management experience covering large and small projects. Articulation of concems in technology
project planning to senior management, including the impact, readiness, and buy-in related to human factors. Familiar with general project
Piste eN ST MtecM Lala aoe cue issn anece clio oem Rares ceuecienruizal orien ekea cul iesalicetre
efficient, effective management of one's own and other's time. Commumications Skilled in buikding strong relationships with project stake-hokders.
Ability to market a project to successfully obtain Stakehoker and user buy-in. Experienced presentation skills. Works well with people. Knows
how to listen, inspire, motivate, collaborate, and hold accountabk, ifnecessary. Excellent written and oral commumication skills with the ability to
communicate appropriately in business and technical situations at all levels in matrix organizations. Articulation of complex issues in technology
project planning to senior management, including technology impact, and human factors. Testing Working knowledge of industry standard software
testing methodologies, tools, processes, and /practices. Training Results-driven, team-oriented and posses a personable demeanor and positive
attitude. Professional, well organized and ability to present training to diverse population. Self motivated, directed, and devoted. Ability in taking
up new theories and concepts as well as responsibilities. Experience in statewide travel. Strong ability to recognize and accommodate various user
training levels and challenges. Quickly kam new software and software training took. Highly effective in scoping overall trainng needs and the
needed resources of enterprise projects. Experience handling technical issues that arise before and during training sessions. Experience in technical
writing such as coursework, presentations, user manuals. Technical support professional with IT background. Enjoys troubleshooting to find
solutions to difficult training projects, workflow and technical issues.

Qualifications

Windows2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Lux, Macintosh. Microsoft Business Tools:

WSR

Excel

See yeinld

Visio

Camtasia

Smart-draw

Nestea (

Requisite Pro

Windows NT, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7, 8, 8.1

Mac PC

Ne PAUL

SharePoint

Proficient in AVG, Printers, PC Security systems

MS Office proficiency
Accomplished with mobile devices
Patient and diligent
Bin) cspedtieaniacnad
BKodnielisl dic
F vnet Total Last
R13 pGpastaay an Tee
on Tee a listener and communicator who effectively conveys information verbally and in rn eG
Computer/ Technical Literacy oat PANO rom Re Cots nerve Clem cere obama ania CORTE G Zed rn ny

Flexible team phyer who thrives in environments requiring ability to effectively prioritize and
