SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary

eee eee ere e a ee nee eee eee Bee RR ED Re COR Of ae ROL Led
ee TEL LUO ESL LAC OP CLLRS AMI RU LLU OR OCLC AN

Highlights

Dae h dah © Superior communication

Cee orca rea els}

Cie Ca 2@rl etlslorg © Dependability

CSrieyreneri eM Els) ak) CRRSEvigistiecesec

¢ Microsoft Windows 95/98/XP/Vista development

Cm Fes © Superior organization skills

© Word, Excel, Publisher, Outlook, Internet Browsers (ie., Intemet Explorer, Fire-Fox, Google CU iicay sonora esleslibesy

(Cie rremaCn) © Initiative and problenrsolver

schivor anes

Company Name City , State Sales Associate 01/2015 to 10/2015

* Actively acknowledged, greeted and assisted customers in the store.

© Provided accurate product information.

© Maintained working knowledge of stores policies and procedures.

© Met and exceeded sales goals.

Assisted supervisors to identify and resolve issues in the store.

© Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards.

Company Name City , State Personal Health Care Assistant 03/2011 to 02/2015

© Daily job responsibility preformed through out the work shift include Clean, sanitize, and organize.
PURO Ro ens R elie Olcuin mangas timings ata

Prepare meak, attend to errands, provide.

transportation to and from health care provider.

Yo eB COUIE RU NRCCKa Mecha iu cient ecm

Company Name City , State Sales Associate/Key Cashier Lead 06/2010 to 01/2011

* Daily job responsibility preformed through out the work shift include delegate daily duties for associates, opening and closing moncy tilts,
counting and resetting money podium, evahuting associates performance, auditing tilts, ensuring associates compkted daily work duties and
ACM) uel ed bes] cm

* Check and ensure associates quality of work is satisfactory and correct. Assisting with replenishing, cleaning, organizing, the store to ensure
BBUretomienecainlaanarices

© Communicate with customers, associates, and other individuals to address questions or concerns.

* Perform basic office duties such as compkete and file reports and other paper work, answer and direct telephones calls and relay messages.

Company Name City , State Explorer 06/2008 to 03/2011

« Answered telephones, directed calls and took messages.

Compiled, copied, sorted, and filed records of office and other activities.

Operated office machines, such as photocopier, scanners, fax, voice mail systems and personal computers.
Computed, recorded, and proofread data and other information, such as records or reports.

Maintained and updated filmg, mventory, muiling, and database systerrs, either manually or using a computer.
Opened, sorted and routed incoming mnil, answered correspondence, and prepared outgoing mail.
Reviewed files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.

brairestbeny
GED : General Education Studies 2011 Del Sol High School , City , State

General Education Studies
Personal Information

AREAS OF STRENGTH: Customer service oriented and able to interface effectively with all levels of adirinistration and staff. Able to
organize/prioritize work and take on responsibilities with little supervision. Self-motivated and able to work independently.

alg

© Time mangerent
¢ Leadership
