SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary
Serviceoriented employee with 19 year background in Customer Service. Dedicated to making customers happy and aiding in fulfillmg their needs,
as wellas excellent communication and time management skills. Handks tasks with accuracy and efficiency. Willing to go the extra mile and do
wint it takes to get the task done. Whether it's taking orders via phone or in person. Will take the time and care needed, to make sure the job and
task at hand are done right.
Highlights
¢ High customer service standards
© Strong organizational skills
Active listening skills
(Xi coesRelarr cst ey
Energetic work attitude
Pole nual s\ag

Accomplishments
OO CM RUae
© Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales A
© Consistently generated additional revenue through skilked sales techniques.
Product Sales A

© Cross-sold services, upgrading customers to different plans and product packages.

© Customer Interface
© Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
* Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.

schivor anes
Saks Associate 11/2008 Company Nan City , State

Answer customers’ questions about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection.

Iterize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter, using cash register, and accept cash or charge card for purchases.
Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons.

Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.

Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise.

Stamp, attach, or change price tags on merchandise, referring to price list.

Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor merchandise.

Ol estitehce) ayes coms bea eR DESL con

Design and set up advertising signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract customers and promote saks.

Lead Decorator 07/2003 to 09/2014 Company Name City , State

Oversee activities directly related to making products or providing services.

Train new employees, or oversee those personnel processes.

Determine goods and services to be sold, based on forecasts of custorer demand.

Performsalkes floor work, such as greeting or assisting customers, stocking shelves, or taking inventory.

Plan and direct activities such as sales promotions, coordinating with other department heads as required.

Develop or implement product-marketing strategies, including advertising campaigns or sakes promotions.

PO aT Eom ay U CRU mess Etc e] ain

Observe color of products being baked and adjust oven temperatures, humidity, or conveyor speeds accordingly.

Set oven temperatures and place items into hot ovens for baking.

Combine measured ingredients in bowls of mixing, blending, or cooking machinery.

Measure or weigh flour or other ingredients to prepare batters, doughs, fillings, or icings, using scales or graduated containers.
Roll, knead, cut, or shape dough to form sweet rolk, pic crusts, tarts, cookies, or other products.

Place dough in pans, moks, or on sheets and bake in production ovens or on grills.

Check the quality of raw muterials to ensure that standards and specifications are met.

Check equipment to ensure that it meets health and safety regulations and perform maintenance or cleaning, as necessary.
Apply glazes, icings, or other toppings to baked goods, using spatulas or brushes.

Decorate baked goods, such as cakes or pastries.

Set time and speed controls for mixing machines, blending machines, or steam kettles so that ingredients will be mixed or cooked according
