SALES CLERK

Summary

lOQvice cn lelomeri nc mice Rnee ee antl TL ew aCcera CRUST OCR PA TOR IR Lacanlibnelict navel che cov aSeB bell seal con
building positive customer relations with new and existing customers, and inventory management. Reliable team player and strong communicator.
schivor anes

Company Name City , State Sales Clerk 10/2013 to Current

Operated a cash register for cash, check, and credit card transactions with 99 % accuracy.

Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.

Me ecebrrerdlanelcemc oe cee Ld Newb eRe Sal een e sccm

Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.

Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.

Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.

Biche ray Ra lewis

Completed point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register.
lO}onecE nce ence Rlncns(elcem

Handled customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.

Ao ce recmutsonenpicen perio certuamesset ital ees Omi attce

Shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store's efficiency.
Used time efficiently when not serving customers.

Resolved customer comphints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.

A oviret@lisieala@ i ensiecc nib cous she Om lLcimsticel bites

Designed and presented visually appealing displays.

Mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.

Cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to customers in a friendly manner.
PF Xo av pe netosbuaeiabeleiincaee Reve Oe renee ee tnaitecwd a cem Om liinnee etree icit coon
Communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member.

Assisted owner by strategically schedulmg team members to maintain optimal staffing kvels at all tines.

Supervised and directed merchandise and shipment processing.

Interacted and communicated with vendors and suppliers to resolve inventory, shipping, and product issues and concerns.
Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.

Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.

Preserved a perfect attendance record for 18 months.

Company Name City , State Service Deli Clerk 08/2011 to 04/2014

Operated a cash register for cash and credit card transactions with 99 % accuracy.

Stocked and replenished deli items and supplies according to store merchandising layouts.

Cleaned and organized the deli department and equipment according to health department regulations and store policy and procedures.
Alerted customers to current sales and promotions.

Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures.

Ao ce recmutsonenpicen perio certuamesset ital ees Omi attce

Used time efficiently when not serving customers.

Fostered a positive work environment by consistently treating all team members and customers with respect and consideration.
Cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by cheerfilly greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner.
Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.

Company Name City , State Bus Person 02/2011 to 06/2011

Cleared, stocked, and replenished dining room table settings according to restaurant policy.

Cleaned and organized the dining room to make it attractive and appealing to dining patrons.

Completed opening and closing procedures as directed by owner.

Cheerfilly greeted patrons in the restaurant.

Used time efficiently when not clearing tables.

Fostered a positive work environment by working together with other team members and servers with respect and consideration.

Company Name City , State Concession Cashier 05/2010 to 08/2011

© Operated a cash register for cash and credit card transactions with 95 % accuracy.

Stocked and replenished merchandise and food items in concession stands according to store company standards.

Cleaned and organized the concession stand including counters and food service equipment in accordance with health department
reguhtions.

AU eetrlprelieyel coven ecemasemrabennanniecsls Ruenonckel al pekeis i auc

Cheerfilly greeted customers and helped them with their orders.

Used time efficiently when not serving customers.

Fostered a positive work environment by working together with other team members with respect and consideration.
