SALES ASSOCITE
Professional Summary
Dedicated to motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success. Skilled and committed to addressing customer
concems with speed, accuracy and professionalism. Customer Service Representative who maintains a high level of professionalism, patience and
efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty.
Core Qualifications

* SAP

Oe ee escorts cls}

Co tircsgerdie@nories

* Quick Leamer

© Strategic thinker*

schivor anes
10/2016 to Current
Saks Associte Company Name i City , State

Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases. Placed special merchandise orders for customers.
Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.

Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.

Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

Helped customers apply for the store credit card

Met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance.

Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods.

Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses.

ae
03/2015 to 10/2016
Warehouse Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Ambassador- help train new hires on how to stow items by Amazon standards Stower - Put iterrs on the shelves that need to be put up to
Eo) Pek semurkemccmokelcaw iilimeuimeanton

* Picker - Pick items from the shelves to be shipped to customers.

© Receive- take items from the boxes that they are delivered in and place them in totes to be stowed on the shelves IOL - Inventory in Odd
Locations - I hunt for items that has been stowed wrong, or brought in wrong or needs to be put up by stowers.

* Destroy- Trained to log in and destroy items that have expired or broken that is not retumed to the customer.

¢ Also how to do donations to be given to local organizations that are in need.

10/2014 to 03/2015
A Zlcdrell cen Qn sce a ELON AMSEC

© Worked for a temporary agency inside of Amazon LLC.

* Stower - Put iterrs on the shelves that need to be put up to be sok to customers or sent to other fulfillment centers.

© Iwas ako a coach for the temporary agency for 3 month where I coached new hires during peak season (Thanksgiving and Christmas
Holidays).

* Talso give back feedback for quality and productivity and also watch Stowers work to see how they were doing what they could do better,
how they were trained and ifthey had any barriers or problems that they were running into as they were working and then report it back to
eens aR cel

08/2014 to 09/2014
[Occ icay cour cen ALOS MRC HIcl

© Call center for Bank Of America Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
OP tence On eaea eed he ince emi aac eee eR CCl Onn

© Deposit section, answer calls for customer calls conceming their banks accounts.

« Making transfers, balance inquires, travel flags, and other inquires that the customer as.

09/2013 to 08/2014
(Ove omGene oct gnc cs LON mEST| (a

© Pick up and deliver parts state wide for trucks and heavy machinery.

08/2012 to 08/2013
Bam Assistant Company Name 1% City , State

* I worked with the foals until they were two years old: keeping them social, teaching manners, how to lead, stand, be brushed, clipped and
poet nanblel a rseinelice om ituy cated Ria tesl cen
© There are many things that show horses must eam to accept, as they begin their show careers.
