SALES REPRESENTATIVE

Summary

Bi linguaLefficient service teams. Skills Hard working Friendly and enthusiastic able to eam new tasks Customer and Personal quickly,represent
establishment with friendly, professional matters at Service all times.A

schivor anes

Sakes Representative Oct 2017 to Oct 2017

Company Name i City , State

Cashier , selling lottery tickets to customers.

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting and responding to information asked.
Doing basic mathemntics , adding , subtracting and multiplying.

I SAtesheeanenemtusm en nem

Front Desk Receptionist Dec 2015 to Aug 2016

Company Name i City , State

4 Greet persons entering establishment and direct them to specific destinations.

& Operate telephone or forward call, taking messages, or scheduling reservations.

a Receive payment and record receipts for services. 4 Hear and resolve comphints from customers.
4 Transmit information or documents to customers, using computer, mail, or facsimile machine.

4 Collect, sort, distribute guest mil.

4 Enroll individuals to participate in our hotel rewards program.

4 Calculate and quote rates for hourly, weekly rates.

4 Perform duties, such as straightening magazines to maintain lobby or reception area clean.

Room Service Dec 2015 to Aug 2016
Company Name i City , State

CEB oetko dormir Gah zee onm Onc @bet kina

Place food servings on plates or trays.

eon Lemie Nee stcHiem Male eenchib coe icne Rb antce

Stock service stations with items such as ice, napkins, or straws.

Remove trays and stack dishes for retum to kitchen after meals are finished.

Prem Coal onCac ramen e conan wane Ogccs ecw WP ccunim robe cancn dal caOncl sire mtren cers
eoerreeesisl oth

* Clean or sterilize dishes, equipment.

Team Menber Jan 2015 to Dec 2015
Company Name i City , State

© Train workers in skills such as taking orders, communication, Observe and influence guest behavior, communicating and interacting with
fice
© Primarily serve and prepare food for customers Cleaning work stations and answering questions about menu items, policies, and services.

Education and Training

Associate Of Arts Mar 2016 Tint School of Makeup & Cosmetology Grand 1% City , State Nail Technician

High Schoo! Diplorm Jul 2015 Moises E. Molina High School i City , State

als

Critical Thinking, facsimile machine, mail, policies, reception, scheduling, taking messages, Technician, telephone, Time Management
