SALES DIRECTOR

Summary

To continue my career with an organization that will utilize my management, supervision and administrative skills to benefit mutual growth and
success. Alo, to offer my skills to your company especially in the fickl ofsales and to grasp power to enhance my professional skill set in
accordance with organizational objectives.

ae

Core Qualifications
© Budget & report writing skills © Keeping up to date with products and competitors
CM eslangen ed Warerecert ees alg * Sound expertise in saks
© The ability to motivate and lead a team © Strong presentation skills
© Excellent communication and ‘people skills’ * Goakoriented
© Good planning and organizational skills CSO HLE nC Le LO eac 41K)
© The ability to work calmly under pressure PConeRiesnancnd
© Developing sales strategies and setting sales targets * Good decision making
© Compiling and analyzing sales figures
Accomplishments

-Added 35+ businesses to WaveFly powered by JMF Solutions, Inc. since January 2016.

-Developed highly effective sales training strategies as Sales Manager.

-Persomally helped grow our company in revenue by 115% ina year and we made the INC 5000 list and magazine.

-Recognized by our city as one of the fastest growing technology companies in revenue and I attributed to that with bringing over $300,000 in
revenue in 36 month contracts since January 2016.

-VMware Federal Specialization Certification

-Lenovo Partner Certification

-VMware Academic Specialization Certification

schivor anes

Saks Director 10/2015 to Current Company Na City , State

JMF Solutions, Inc. isA the full service telecommunications finn behind WaveFly Technologies which provides a seamless approach to all of your
technology-based services by analyzing your specific needs and creating a custom, cost-eflicient solution. My day to day duties included:

Led sales calls with team members to establish sales and customer retention goals. Negotiated and closed 35+ contracts for companies which
Pra MR Brent keer cm Cr cnt OVE PV DERE iho cae Weetecremcconn  mUE RUE ni btu cara a eked ct
and directed sales team training and development programs. Shared product knowledge with customers whik making personal recommendations.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. Trained in negotiations and time managerrent. Helped grow our company to show a
115% growth margin over the last year. Also during this time I bid our services through USAC for E-Rate. I worked hand in hand with vendors
suchas Ingram Micro, CISCO, D&H etc. to work on the right price for us to be a competitive bidder.

Store Trainer & Key Holder (worked through college) 07/2013 to 12/2015 Company Name City , State

Conducted daily pre-shift and weekly departmental meetings to ensure organizational efficiency.

Scheduled and directed staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity.

Efficiently resolved problems or concerns to the satisfaction of all involved parties.

Trained all new staffin front of house and on all menu items food/drinks,

Lead Bartender & Store Trainer (worked through college) 08/2011 to 07/2012 Company Name City , State

Trained staff of employees for correct facility procedures, safety codes, bar codes, proper recipes and drinking safety.

Increased customer attendance.

Responsible for daily set up.

Received frequent customer compliments for going above and beyond normal duties.

Maintained a professional tone at all times, including during peak rush hours.

ae

Receptionist 09/2008 to 04/2005 Company Nanr City , State

Handled incoming and outgoing comespondence, including mail, email and faxes.

Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.

Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.

Organized personal and professional calendars and supplied reminders of upcoming meetings and events.

Created expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.

Typed documents, updated websites and compiled information for meetings.

Conducted extensive online and phone research.

Attended business meetings and took meeting minutes.

ae

brairestbeny

Nursing 2010 University of Mobile City , State , USA

Tattended University of Mobile program for Center for Adult Programs and Professional Studies Nursing.

Bachelor of Science : Leadership & Cultural Studies 2015 University of Mobik City , State , USA

Thave a degree in Leadership & Cultural Studies with a minor in International Business: All4 years of college I made the Deans List and graduated
with a 3.5 GPA. My degree includes studies in philosophy, workl politics, religion, and ethics. Emphasizes communication, critical thinking, and
interpersonal relations skills. It is designed to build skills necessary for positions in human resources, managerrent, counseling, and other service-
oriented positions. The Bachelor of Science in Leadership and Cultural Studies develops proficiency in communication, critical thinking, and
