SALES ASSOCIATE

Summary

Taman industrious Fashion Business Management undergrad secking employment with a fashion brand that will utilize my knowledge and skills for
a product development position.

Highlights

Proficient in Mac and PC platforms * Microsoft Office Suite * Adobe Creative Suite * Intemet Savvy * Fluent in Albanian

schivor anes

NU PAC @Tacanis

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

COU mle eV etireniininie Oboe Asean eravmncercilnn onl Mee OV rLeRULouee naira acee
mde

Create product knowledge boards to keep my sales team up-to-date on the most current rumway show and season- including creative
director Christopher Bailey's inspiration behind the show, photos of each outfit and detailed descriptions of the garments that include fabric
content to pattems and colorways.

Visually merchandise in-store displays from adjusting fixtures to dressing mannequins.

© Regularly use iPads to manage my client portfolios, keep up-to-date with Burberry news, obtain information on product availability and in-
store stock. Liaison with other locations regarding merchandise availability and trainings.

Continuously meet and exceed monthly sales goals.

01/2016 to 04/2016
Scone eBecubionkGen nani ay AL OINmESIEl(G

* Commumicated with clothing factories daily to discuss garment specification needs as well as status’ per garment.

¢ Used Ronlynn Apparel Software (RLM) to update product lifecycle management per each garment- includes tech pack management,
PAO Sue aaseul lee rcml keel aeclcetcle cncaiee kere bic Oe

Bale yer E tao Boxed ey nce cot ipa N aC COMES MUM Sane een Le DOI

¢ RevisedA A ganment sketches, includingA construction and detail information.

© Attended Fit Meetings where clothing designers and technical designers would discuss garment technicalities that needed modifications.

TAO ORR HC AzU 6
Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

PECL ences sles EB Gie rent m Unvmtnlibe et @ ori eile

© Regularly managed several responsibilities at once (such as answering phone calls, cashiering, and organizing fitting room lines).

© Responsible for managing floor inventory and restocking merchandise.

* Regularly managed visual merchandising of in-store displays during overnight shifts.

brairestbeny

May 2016

Bachelor of Science : Fashion Merchandising Management Fashion Institute of Technology, State University of New York Fashion Merchandising
Managenent

Skills

Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Creative Suite, Ronlynn Apparel Software, both Mac and PC platfonvs, social media (including
Pinterest, Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat), internet research
