SALES
Summary

Enthusiastic, reliable and wellA organized Office Assistant with solid background in data entry, communication, telephone and customer service
skills. Ability to manage daily office fimetions with a strength in managing muttipke projects simultancously.

Highlights

Professional mature attitude and appearance Professional phone etiquette Excellent communication skills Effective time management,
organization, and multi- tasking skills Quick to eam Dependable Ability to work independently and collaboratively Customer service-oriented
Detail oriented Ability to work under pressure and meet strict deadlines Multi line phone proficiency Filing and data archiving Data Entry
Familiarity with Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Quickbooks

Aug oanan at acs
Saks Feb 2008 to Jun 2014
Company Name i City , State

Tn this small, family owned business there are a lot of hats to be wom. And with just 4 employees to run this store; a store manager, two
salespeople and our jeweler, this is not just a sales job.

Pose oul one pail acea ee gu loa ee ae eet een USEC OnE CHEE Ey cA Lain glen ee Once Oa Lg Sten Llc
excellent afferAsales service by sending out thank you ketters, birthday & anniversary reminders and followAup calls to check in and see how
Palos iiieecee el ea iBiberm ine racccn

T keep the behind the scenes of the store running smoothly by ordering all supplies; jewelry boxes, gift bags, watch batteries and all office and
Sesto Lem ELON CeBUN CCrneL stereos Om Lecce 1 cna anmihy ches eclU Ne LOVE DY ccoHUM Ue mals n ais nd
design. I used POS data entry for all sales, customer contact informtion, research of transaction history and entering all inventory into the store
data base. I used Outlook for all email correspondence, Microsoft Word for all docurrents, Excel spreadsheet for inventory of certain items and
QuickBooks for payments. Other office finctions included shipping via UPS, FedEx and USPS, scanning of documents, photo documentation for
appraisal, making photocopies, sending faxes and filmg of paperwork, invoices and all vendor files. Create new vendor files and purge year end to
storage for safe keeping. I answered multiAline telephone system, took messages, retum calls and transfer appropriate calls to the owner.

rN
REASON FOR LEAVING A
Leff work to be stay at home baseball mom to teenage son.

With my husband working overseas, the M-SAT 9-7pm hours I worked weren't allowing for necessary time with him for homework and
transportation to/from baseball games

Sales / Asst Manager/ Manager/ Sales Nov 1996 to Feb 2008
Company Name i City , State

Virginia Beach, VA - Louisville, KY - Waterford, CT - Jacksonville, FL 11/1996 - 02/2008 A Jewelry Saks Associate is responsible for
entertaining customers by answering their questions with a respectable manner, giving assistance to the clients by showing the merchandise,
describing it and allowing them to try it on. Sales Associates are also responsible for safekeeping afterwards to avoid losses and theft. Responsible
for facilitating the customer's payment of cash, credit, or mAhouse financing when the sale is made. Responsible for visual merchandising, cleaning
the displays and store for a more pleasing dispky of items. Responsible for inventory ofall items from daily/nightly counts, receiving/mputting new
inventory into computer and put out to stock. Responsible to report any suspicious persons or activity as well as any missing merchandise. As
Assistant Manager, I assisted in the management of employees sakes, scheduling along with my usual sales requirements. Acted as the manager in
his/her absence. Trained and served as a peer coach for new sales associates Helped customers with questions, problems and comphints in
person and via telephone. As Store Manager, I was responsible to run a profitable store. My duties were to train’ manage my team, buikd moral
and create a fim but professional working environment. I had to drive my team to keep with the companies expectations. We had quotas to meet
& exceed. Time management and extreme organization is a must Managed staff of approximately 6 sales associates and an assistant manager.
Counted moming and nighttime cash drawers and made bank deposits daily. Assigned employees to specific duties to best meet the needs of the
store. Responsible for weekly recruiting of the mull for new hires. Review all applications weekly, interviewed job candidates and made stafling
decisions. Trained and developed new associates on POS systemand key sales tactics. Required to attend monthly Management meetings with
District Manager to go over stores sales, employees individual performance percentages and staff issues. Responsible to perform employee
evaluations/reviews for promotion’ demotion or letting go. Scheduled and Ied weekly store meetings for all employees. Reordered inventory when
it dropped below predetermined levels Conducted store inventories using third party inventory group REGIS and store employees Performed
inventory reconciliation to find any missing merchandise and errors in inventory evaluation report Generated repeat business through exceptional
customer service and trained my employees to do the same.

RFASON FOR LEAVING A
