SALES CONSULTANT
Professional Summary

Customer Follow-up ensured that customers were satisfied with company products and services by doing purchase follow-up calls. Sales
consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

Motivated sakes professional offering 6 years of progressive retail experience. Highly result oriented and energetic with unsurpassed interpersonal
and communication strengths.

Skilled Sakes Associate with 6 year track record of success. Maintained professional and calm demeanor under pressure. Thrive in high volume
environments where knowledge, composure and interpersonal abilities are keys to success.

Retail sales professional versed in product placement and merchandising. Extensive experience in inventory management and shipment processing.

Punctual retail sales professional focused on exceeding expectations and building customer loyalty. Flexible schedule and strong mathemntical
aptitude.

Enthusiastic, outgoing and fashion-savvy Sales Associate proficient at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering
Tee emer mca an cee

Retail Sales Associate with more than 6 years in the retail industry. Areas of expertise include sales, customer relations and inventory management.

Skills
CsI rore ci
Pasian
oa
Ca enters) cy
ot) hc
relations
CEO oe Ohioay cid Ci Caceestesrciesd
* Tama Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to understanding
company success. Cee ycetibes
© Results-driven Customer Services Representative with proved ability to establish rapport with clients. Highly knowledge
enthusiastic customer service representative with 4+ year’s client interface experience. * Contract
© The Best Parts Of The Jobs I Have Worked Is The Amazing Feeling Of Closing A Big Sale And Making The preparation
Customer Feel Comfortable And Confident! CMY (itsrts ceed
© Core Strengths Rival
¢ Inventory contro! ¢ Customer
Ot enumraaned Cases ud
* Top saks performer * Active listening
OMS etcs) ox) skills
CEOs cere tren) Cetera
* Credit card processing oriented
CMO elise) cnteiies © Fkxible
© Consistently meets sales goals fsatcelte)
PIG cclaetumintcnvceis Ce acess onl)
© Retail saks Clcenetneg
Con ecm ori © High energy
* Natural keader * Relationship
© Skilled problemsoler Pit efieteg
Ce nclcskeclrpe aieg © Interpersonal
skills
© Upselling
techniques
© Merchandising
Ce wes Ea arrsy
enece ie
Work History

Saks Consultant Company Name 4€“ City , State

¢ Left for a better opportunity at Zimmer Brothers.
© Identified prospects’ needs and developed appropriate responses along with information on products and services that would be suitable.

01/2005 to 01/2008
Saks Consultant Company Name 4€“ City , State

PR ont a ee rote aa
