SALES CLERK
Sumnnry of Skils

OSHA inspections
Exceptional interpersonal skills
aire nanlbe!

[Oe rercaee sy echucell
beter ati he

SSfieetet@iacon Lely
PFrhineeele eo eetrate
Reguhtory compliance
Personnel records maintenance
Exceptional time management skills
Adaptable

Accomplishments

pirtelaenanele ety

Assisted in impleentation of new tracking system that resulted in improved patient care.

Docurentation

Ensured charting accuracy through precise documentation.

B bested

Trained team of staff nurses in medical office procedures to guarantee consistent quality of care.

schivor anes
PURE ORCC
Sales Clerk Company Name 14 City , State

Crccee OnaM ened Hien aace nd rremiC Ce mLoacy

Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.

Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.

Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.

Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.

Se NcaBieecdcs ta lrawei ira cen Ok scl eens] com

OMe e MIP en MUI SRE e eds acai

Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and nuking deposits.

Crccee OnaM ened Hien aace nd rremiC Ce mLoacy

USPAU CRC Ce e.0) 64
Nursing Assistant Company Name i City , State

Communicate with patients to ascertain feelings or need for assistance or social and emotional support.

Document or otherwise report observations of patient behavior, comphints, or physical symptoms to nurses.

Feed patients or assist patients to eat or drink.

Measure and record food and liquid intake or urinary and fecal output, reporting changes to medical or nursing staff

Observe or examine patients to detect symptoms that my require medical attention, such as bruises, open wounds, or blood in urine.
Prepare or serve food trays.

Provide physical support to assist patients to perform daily living activities, such as getting out of bed, bathing, dressing, using the toilet,
iain enema enema men Coreen om

Remind patients to take medications or nutritional supplements.

04/2001 to 07/2008
FRONT DESK MANAGER FRONT DESK MANAGER Company Name i City , State

© Carefilly selected, developed and retained qualified staff, as well as trained [number] new staffannually.
¢ Evaluated patient care procedural changes for eflectiveness.
© Created annual goals, objectives and budget and made recommendations to reduce costs. Perform various clerical or administrative

fictions, such as ordering and maintaining an inventory of supplies.

Assisted in the design and execution of programs that contributed to a (%] growth of the organization in the [year] fiscal year. Conducted
probationary and annual performance evaluations ofall nursing staff Developed and arranged continuing education opportunities for all staff
to increase knowledge and skills. Supervised and evaluated the activities of medical, nursing, technical, clerical, service, maintenance and
