SALES

Executive Summary

Twenty years of experience in all aspects of sales/marketing management Focused, goal and profit-oriented. Proven track record of sustainable
growth in existing market, and development of business in new markets. Effective organizational, communication, technical, leadership, personnel
training/development, and public relations skills. Established reputation for professionalism, taking initiative, productivity, and dependability,
attention to detail, teanmvork and enthusiasm Motivated and results-driven Consistent high sales achiever. Proficient in use of Microsoft
Windows/Office XP, (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Intemet.

Professional Experience

saks

REA OM eRG Tara a@ere clan iti cht AON mECT| Ce

* Responsible for developing relationships with purchasing agents, engineers, and architects.

© Negotiate and secure sales, developing existing accounts and acquiring new account business.

® Prospect new customers and call on existing client accounts; provide informative presentations on all products; show catalogs; make
recommendations; quote and negotiate prices/payment terms; submit proposals; secure purchase order agreements; and initiate additional
sales through telemarketing,

Branch Manager
RENT PAl ROG awl GRA cat R ALO NmESCL

© Develop leads and maintain a viable network of business contacts and prospective clients to consistently meet assigned sales quotas.

« Review and analyze policy and procedures with a view toward enhancing sales productivity, efficiency and quality performance.

© Developed and implemented strategies to improve branch operations, staff competency and productivity.

* Establish relationships, educate, service, maintain and manage approximately 100 accounts.

© Trained, motivated, assigned and supervised performance of support staft

POSS nia cn ce bBo creruecckee lie ro ncloliig Oe LRUe Le nAninesciicet iM OePa is OMmues rei ncLecs aso ret bom

Saks Representative
January 1997 to January 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

* Market, promote and develop outside and counter sales of high-end phunbing, electrical and lighting fixtures to architects, commercial
oma oeirer santa Pea NMUL R@Lbaty cx Cere Ms ba ela g esl ber

Setup new client accounts for billing purposes; write and submit orders to manufacturers; coordinate delivery scheduks; provide follow-up
customer service; and resolve customer billing issues.

Assist walk-in customers with their inquiries/selections, including researching special order requests, setting up new accounts and registering
customers’ sakes purchases and payment transactions.

Participate (team effort) in merchandising visual displays and maintaining 8,000 sq/ft of showroom (point of sale) spaces for kitchen, bath,
Sereelpel Tiree net eaCMmvellennesrray eles thee

CECH ibe isi mmad Ce eda COB SLLCIMPeD si aLena uci vm mCi cur ike

Receive ongoing training in all phases of business operations, including product lines, marketing and sales techniques, showroom
merchandising, customer service and distribution support efforts.

© Contributed in developing sales revenue in excess of $20.4 million for 2006 FY, a 29.4%

Consistently ranked #1/#2 in sales and gross dollar profitability for the branch, and ranked in "top5%" for corporate sales performance (out
of 600+ sales reps, nationwide).

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science : Business Administration , 1995 The Citadel, The Miltary College of South Carolina 14 City , State , US Bachelor of
Science: Business Administration - 1995 The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, Charkston, South Carolina

I Urewannibe ts

Prospect new customers and call on existing client accounts; provide informative presentations on all products; show catalogs; make
recommendations; quote and negotiate prices/payment terms; submit proposals; secure purchase order agreements; and initiate additional sakes
fiseeu ey caraleccrnatsd

als

Saks, Sales Representative, In Sales, Corporate Sales, Operations, Sales And, Accounts And, Accounts For, And Saks, Billng, Business
Operations, Customer Service, Developing Sales, Kitchen, Lighting, Marketing, Merchandising, Million, New Accounts, Of Sale, Plumbing, Point
OfSale, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Sales O£ Sales Purchases, Sales Reps, Sales Revenue, Sales Teclmiques, Training, Outside Saks, Clients,
Leads, Sakes Quotas, Buying/procurement, Existing Accounts, New Account, Proposals, Purchasing, Sales Through, Telemarketing, Excel,
Marketing Management, Microsoft Windows, Of Saks, Office Xp, Powerpoint, Public Relations, Sales/marketing, Word
