SALES ENGINEER

Profile

Write professional summary using keywords for application scanning robots. Tailor resume to specific advertised position. Paragraph: 26 years of
experience in the Engineering and Construction fields (2 - SENTENCES) ; 8 years project management experience | Sustainable design
experience from conceptualization to building occupancy ] Diverse client profile: Medical, Research & Development, Commercial, Educational and
Industrial (10 plus years (not exact dates or culminating years)

Accompetent Project Engineer with excellent communication, organisation and co-ordination skills. Possessing a proven track record of preparing
and executing project plans and programmes, ensuring that work is carried out in accordance with the companies procedures and clients
satisfaction. Able to ensure timely, safe and cost effective design and implementation during the life cycle of projects from conception till customer
satisfaction. Currently looking for a suitable Project Engineer or consultant position with a forward thinking employer.

als

CEB orc Poee creche ge sinnoms el leumeraiitcele ete

5 ees nein specifications and preparing * Abk to ensure that all H&S procedures are met and maintained.
eT nants aaa preparing © Resolving complex technical issues and coming up with fast efficient
. mn am th +e Re tte
7 ead - task ma de ala * Ability to assess the financial feasibility and impact of proposed budget
* Astrong track record in delivering projects on time and tems and akso alternatives.
within budget.
Professional Experience
Sales Engineer Feb 2014 to Current

Company Name i City , State

© Engineering Sales/Project Management & Estimation.

¢ Develop Proposals and estimates of conceptual designs, project scheduks, and budgets ftom bidding through contractual agreement.
© Manage construction from mobilization to owner signoff

* Conduct regular field observations, materiaVequipment acquisition and personnel allocation.

Ensuring that all engineering work is carried out in accordance withspecifications, statutory requirements, laws, rules, regulations and
othercontractual requirements. With due regards to safety, operability andmaintainabilityDuties:

Managing projects from conception, pre-production through to completion.
Providing technical support to the project team and wider regjonal tears.
Ress emo nascn ial aa ouamnrare nin Racean tate keen ccw
Managing project budgets and keeping costs down.

Overseeing the maintenance of projects after completion.

Responsible for the completion ofall docurrentation.

Producing Test Plans and reports.

Prepare contract documentation for procurement services and materiak.
Evaluating tenders and providing recommendations.

Carrying out effective client liaison for all projects undertaken.

Liaising with customers on a regular basis to ensure the successfull design and manufacture of products to agreed budgets and time frames.

Project Manager/Construction Manager Jan 2009 to Jan 2014
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

* Lead/organized client conceptual development of construction projects.

© Developed project scope and specifications for mechanical system replacerrents; mentored staffand managed the overall project execution.

© Developed Requests for Proposal (RFP), schedules and budgets; oversee installation to completion.

¢ NOTE ACCOMPLISHMENTS: PROJECT VALUE ON TIME.

¢ ENON FIELD CONVERSION & WATER DAMAGE REMEDIATION; GRACE BAPTIST CHURCH SANCTUARY A/C &
BOILER PLANT Use power words like managed, developed, ete.

« Also indicate those who reported directly to you such as foreman, subcontractors.

Project manager/Project Engineer Jan 2002 to Jan 2009
Company Name i City , State

© Developed and MANAGED project scopes, schedules and budgets; mentored staffand managed the overall project execution.
Conduct interdisciplinary coordination with architects, consultants and vendors.

Developed energy audits, master planning and designed mechanical systems including production of prelirinary, working drawings and
specifications for sustainable projects.

Responsible for work assignments and man-hour expenditures; and acted as the primary interface with the client, contractors, architects,
Bitar seam

Specific Accomplishents.
