TIMESHARE SALES
Summary
Tam extremely confident that my skills, mentorship, education and experience will set me apart from the rest. Many would describe my character
as somcone who is always dedicated to the project at hand and willing to go the extra mile. I've managed large projects and provided meticulous
attention to organizational processes and correct flaws when/if they occur.
Tam searching for a lucrative career in Sales as I have embodied the skill to connect with people, ask the right questions and find the need and
desire for the product or property. A
Currently living in Brickell and originally ftom NYC. Searching for a great company where I can contribute exceptional sales, work ethics,
creativity and leadership.A
Highlights

© Sales and marketing

Q ¢ National account management

, iain ¢ Established track record of exceptional saks results

PMV rerecoc@)iiecd ° meee communication skills

iar ov eae iaeeineinaanioniti , ie ee

, ase PMA o wae b keene slg

© Quality assurance and contro! iM ed Retail REV ATi ned

* Results-oriented : nein md

, Sentara ¢ Large cash/check deposits expert

PMD orm en ceed i © Invoke processing

a arene * Highlyprofessional

A cream ena tere cess tiie cae cia ela
schivor anes
US PAU CER ett tanie

Timeshare Saks Company Name 14 City , State

Presentation of the Wyndham Vacation Ownership product to pre-qualified potential new owners and guests.

Generated exceptional sales through initializing transactions and utilizing proper closing teclmiques.

Provided follow up with each new owner to ensure ultinnte customer satisfaction.

10/2015 to Current

REALTOR Company Nan i City , State Rent, buy, or sell property for clients. Perform duties, such as study property listings, engaging with
prospective clients, accompany clients to property site, discuss conditions of sale, and draw up real estate contracts.A

11/2014 to Current

FOUNDER/CEO Company Name 14 City , State

Start-Up Motor Coach Transportation Company. We provide luxury transportation for Hotel, Stadium and Convention Centers in Miami.
Specifically we transfer large groups of 50 people or more to their corporate events, team building outings, sporting events and more.A
Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to to get the business up and running properly with all licenses, insurance,
capital and loan prograns

iG eRe Ue renee mieB i clmnemenuyuincaeriinae

CCR e200)

FOUNDER/CEO Company Name 14 City , State

Excelled at arranging outrageous, one-of-a-kind experiences such as deep sea Shark Diving, Exotic Car Rentals, Luxury Vacation Home
Lesa Col se estes oi om Oe se era Cn Leconte anc Lca ay
ONAN

Conduct all PR, Sales and Client Relations. Mentored and trained sakes team A

UR TPAU Rnb e010)

Contracts Project Manager Company Name i City , State

Site consisted of 86 Whole Ownership Residences (Price Range: $1M - $17M) and 212 Fractional Ownership Residences (Price Point:
$100,00 - $550,000 for a 1/12 Interest) Direct supervision of the Contract Supervisor and indirect supervision of the Contracts processing
team along with supervision of support to sales and marketing team

© Timely notification to sales executives and follow through on special circumstance, cancellations, defaults.

Effective training of contracts processors regarding procedures, policies and responsibilities of contracts processing personnel, as well as
any legal requirements regarding accepted contracts at point ofsale.

Enforcement of any procedures established to ensure all contract docurrents are completed correctly by sales executives.

Provided leadership and supervisory direction to administrative support personnel for sales executives and sakes management.

Monitor owner/sales executive assistance quality, procedures and methodology in Quality Assurance Departrent.

Probkem Solving, Account Management, Client Relations, Sales closer, customer service/sales, People Management, Accounting Principals
and Practices,.

01/2005 to 03/2006
Oe ce Elcom Or NaN nL ALOIN MMC HIe)

¢ Hired and directed nrocessing team for commanvs krreest conversion nmiect of 848 units Directed team to nrenare all condo documents
