SALES ASSOCIATE

alg

Catto

* Problem Solving Skills
CRANE af) bes)
© Leadership Skills

* Dependability

aaa chiesrates

Customer service oriented Upselling Opening and closing procedures Creative Accomplishments Employee of the Month, Sep 2015.

schivor anes
03/2016 to 06/2016
Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

Answered questions regarding the store and its merchandise.

rcclceRal sO anrinen hea n Loder ane Laatce

Helped customers with questions, problems and comphints in person and via telephone.
Organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store.

Verified that all customers received receipts for purchases.

Developed positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service.
Served as a peer coach for new sales associates.

Created visual marketing and styled window displays.

04/2015 to 11/2015
[OG orsoaom Quran ALOIS MCI HIcl

Consistently provided professional, friendly, and engaging service.

Examine plates to ensure that they contain required items.

Load phtes with accessories such as eating utensils, napkins, or condiments.

BEL Ce Geteo ores me ore el ecaLaes

Nilee @cca sees Cel oR WUE RIE a cE Soma) ) CcME OEIC

Assist customers by providing information and resolving their comphints.

Greet customers entering the establishment.

Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and compkte other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.

Guided guests through menus while demonstrating thorough knowledge of the food, beverages and ingredients.

12/2016 to Current
Con Sf) Com Un NANG R ALON MENI TLC

Does etd cocm RSA elnmccincatisltilag
Answered phones with professionalism

Described merchandise and services to customers.
Answered questions and resolved concems.
Responded to safety and loss prevention incidents.
Organized in-store promotional events.
Maintained store in clean and neat manner.

Education and Training

Dee 2015

High Schoo! Diplomm Derby High School i City , State
September 2016

Eric Fisher Academy i City , State

alg

coach, Communication Skill, credit, Leadership Skills, marketing, window, Probkm Solving Skilk, saks, Teamwork, telephone
