SALES
Summary
Over 17 years of sales and operations management experience in specialty and big-box retail and 4 years sales experience in the automotive
Rede MCL eteceB UE NOM CMC enc Omit Reece Num COM SSR eacibeicelhee nbardeb ecelicemiecesee rename) stu gine
negotiating, organizing and overseeing projects, and events. Committed to the highest work ethic and attainment of organizational goals and
saat iem

Highlights

¢ Excelient interpersonal and coaching skills © On-boarding and traning

© Sales kadership development © Recruiting

Pie gesoriseacmerety es © Performance coaching and counseling

© Detai-oriented CeO arltenmieisueasretd

© Procedure developnent © Humonresources management

© Employee engagenent Ce br iiaetiorrans

© Conflict resolution Cie goevilindzetaleyg
Accomplishments

© Drove store ranking from 297 in company to top 10 in kess than 6 months of taking over store

© Increased year-over-year sales by 60% .

© Oversaw multiple stores in the Southeast and worked directly with local management to drive sales and operational success.
© Initiated sales and merchandising policies that were adopted company-wide.

© Recipient of Best Buy's Top Gun Award multiple times for sales and productivity.

?

schivor anes
Saks 07/2015 to Current Company Narre City , State

* Identified prospective customers using lead generating methods and performing an average of 30 cold calls per day.

¢ Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievernent of production goals.

© Developed tool to track and monitor personal sales opportunities, deals in progress and finished contracts.

* Responsible for implementing all business-building and relationship-buikding expectations with uniquely assigned accounts and customers.
© Took daily inbound calls and internet inquiries, faxes, and consumer and business credit applications for assigned accounts and clients.

© Consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels.

Saks 08/2012 to 07/2015 Company Nan City , State

© Impkmented a consultative selling approach with all clients.

Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific products and services.

Quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications.

Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements.

Completed 30-60 outbound calls daily, with average conversion rate of 50 %.

Responded to all customer inquiries ina timely manner.

Maintained exceptionally high CSI scores by offering the highest quality customer service possible.

Maintained customer relationships after the sale to generate referrals and repeat business.

Took rok of F&I manager for a four month period in which I maintained highly accurate paperwork and an average of $1100 back-end per
Glos

* Helped develop an Intemet Sales Team that worked internet deals from the initial submittal through the sale and delivery process.
¢ Advanced user of Xtreme Service Drive sales management software, generating pipeline and account reports weekly.

Store Manager 08/2011 to 08/2012 Company Name City , State

© Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.
© Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary.
© Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.
CW Gliiectkenl@eun enue etcicael vice

© Addressed and corrected sales staff communication issues ina tactful and effective manner.

CEO ere E lave lve eecluet bit erccoae Ri ou iUneesee Rich Mice LaCeietll

Market Area Manager/Store Manager 03/2008 to 08/2010 Company Name City , State

© Oversaw general operations of 5 stores in the Southeast.

© Developed and shared best practices across the company.

© Oversaw the development and hunch of multiple product lines.

© Recruited, hired and trained new employees for various stores and store openings

© Revamped in-store sales and merchandising programs, resulting ina 60 % improvement in saks .
© Mentored, coached and trained 10 team members.
