SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary

¢ Reliable and friendly workerA who quickly eams and masters new concepts and skills. Passionate about helping customers and creating a
ETS NU be ene aya em

© Highly energetic, outgoing and detail-oriented. Handies multiple responsibilities simultaneously while providing exceptional customer service.

© High-achieving Sales Associate offering an extensive background in customer service, sales, client relations and merchandising. Self directed
and self motivated team player who also works well independently.

bs hranianie
* Cashhandlngaccuracy © Excellent multi-tasker
© Organized © Strong communication skills
© Time managerent © Proficient in MS Office
Cae Bontaeranctl © Flexible schedule
Accomplishments

© 2014-15 ASU Schohstic Award
© 2010-2014 Westview High School Honor Roll
* Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Valid Driver's License, Food Handler’s Card

schivor anes

Company Name June 2015 to Current Sales Associate

lena
AIA Moon ees C ema cae COS cele Talslingtncd cot keatrcc tapes
4€¢A Maintain store selling floor, fitting rooms, visual displays, presentation and conditions
&€¢ Assist in daily store recovery, before, during or affer store opening hours
Rod Mundane ernronercnmrocnamralrederrced yt ccantsc
FOP W ras eRe eng ele om erncd cM Te Me aan eng rr tated
4€¢A Compkete sales transactions and mmintain proper accountability at registers
a€¢A Process merchandise retums and exchanges courteously and under company guidelines
4€¢A Support all management, leads and sakes teamat all times

Company Name December 2014 to February 2015 Sandwich Artist

lena El CG

Provided friendly customer service while doing multiple tasks ina busy and fast-paced enviromment

aisles hi icemintecineny bed

Daily ckaning

Exhibits a cheerfil and helpful manner while greeting guests and preparing their orders.

Demonstrates a complete understanding of menu items and exphins them to guests accurately.

Uses Point of Sale systemcash register to record the order and compute the amount of the bill

Collects payment from guests and makes change.

Performs Cash-In Procedure- accounting for all forms of money, bread, etc., during the shift.

Uisiives ouemreivmnnee cine em Orr mM CREP atin

Checks products in sandwich unit area and restocks items to ensure a sufficient supply throughout the shift.

Understands and adheres to proper food handling, safety and sanitation standards during food preparation, service and clean up.
Cleans and maintains all areas of the restaurant to promote a clan image.

ABielripeceremlelCoccn ON Pome osBtrelbee Bm ermel elas

Limonene Sor Caner m omni ymcatieeteri te atelln eWay CO lcrerce Vontals
Maintains a professional appearance and grooming standards as outlined in the SUBWAYY,4A Operations Manual

Zero rice nUne cee eu CecrOHC ue etm

(Oe ceRO eA EO Shi VAe Gr Houlincrereivea (ae

Company Name October 2013 to September 2014 Cashier/Sakes Associate
lena El CG

© Fokled, straightened, and sorted clothes in Juniors department
Rung up customers and bagged purchases

Smiks and Says Hilé€A Greets all customers and Associates encountered with a smik and encourages others to smike and say hiA
COCO SSUES LeLvanne cule risititem

ROR ree Co (Cava age culbe ete Meee ele eke LOE Een AA

eee Ng coer onc RNS Eetorct ninety enwW

Promptly responds to call box/phone pages.Consistently uses the 5 step GREAT program whik interacting with customers: Greets
Customer, Requests Credit, Explains Email, Asks to compkte the Survey and Thanks the Customer.
