SALES COORDINATOR
Summary

Looking for a position as an illustrator ina company where my knowledge and skills can be utilize and enhance.

bs hranianie

e Microsoft Word,
Ewell
Photoshop CS6
iicrcaca aa
Conceptual thinker
Strong leadership abilities
Btls) s\iae

Time Management

Riteliegtecsur icine)

Highly organized and quick kamer
CO rcuirnewautcie

Accomplishments

Obtain high position in military to implement certain skill sets to work well with people in everyday life

schivor anes

RU Cer @tacans

Reece c ean mtg tray LO Mae Wan aotonacianccra tae ind Sa (e.g, hand truck, pallet jack, forklift, etc.).

A Tint paint, and match colors when applicable. Operate a computer and cormmunicate via ‘the telephone, although slightly hearing impaired. Poses
gyeat customer service skills, including problem solving and handling customer comphints. A Good written and verbal communication skills. A
RU Cer @tacans

Security Guard Company Name i City , State Secures premises and personnel by patrolling property; monitoring surveillance equipment;
inspecting buikiings, equipment, and access points; permitting entry..Prevents losses and damage by reporting irregularities; informing violators of
policy and procedures; restraining trespassers.Controk traffic by directing drivers. Completes reports by recording observations, information,
occurrences, and surveillance activities.

02/2008 to 02/2016

Maintenance chief Company Naim i City , State

Ce Otero airerecliachiaiaeeeke saeco kes ett and corrective services for all of Alameda's/Hawait Amphibious equipment
* Record keeping of twenty 55 horse outboard engines.
© Managed 9 peopk to effectively implement their positions

brairestbeny

12012

General Education Santa Rosa Junior College 14 City , State
Bachelors : Fine Art Academy of Art University i City , State

Fine Art

als

Experience of 4 years in the fick! of designing as an illustrator
Proven ability to design layouts, logos and web sites
Profound ability to plan, organize and manage the projects

Sound knowledge of the advance technologies and designing techniques
© Exceptionally good commumication skills

PXcGreoeslPiloeraben

PEN oBslonv ces Don) einai

© Marines Corpse Good Conduct Medal t

© NATO Medal - ISAF Afghanistan

CCA imei M oneasit

¢ Afghanistan and Campaign National Defense Service Medal.
