SALES ASSOCIATE

Summary

‘To utilize my business, communication, and human relation skills to firther myself'in the organization I work for. Dedicated and focusedA Legal
Support Assistant II A who excels at prioritizing, completing muttipke tasks simultancously and following through to achieve project goals. Secking
a role of increased responsibility and authority.

Skills

Microsoft Office proficiency
Time management

Waban etomienbentne anil
Mote em EB risiiicd
Strong problem solver
Resourceful

DDcsreslookeclirpe aie
Strong interpersonal skills
Understands grammar

schivor anes
March 2013 to Current Company Name

Duties include: Assisting prosecuting attomeys in the Misdemeanor Unit with cases including obtaining police reports, blood, EPAS (Evidentiary
Preliminary Akohol Screening) and PAS (Preliminary Akohol Screening) results, generate subpoenas with knowledge of Subpoena Ducas Tacum
and personal services, skilled in ramming CLETS (Rap Sheets, DMV, FBI, etc.) with the ability to read and understand the latter, knowledge in
ordering suspension packets/DMV records from the Department of Motor Vehicles and ordering DUI priors from out of county courts. Clerical
duties include entering, updating and closing out cases in the Case Management System with accuracy and efficiency, filmg FTAs (failure to
appear), future dates, and closeout files with ina timely manner. Ability to run calendars (main, add-on, and in-custodies) ftom both Genesis and
the Judicial System (Court). Skilled in the answering of phones from the public, defense attorneys, agencies (police departments, sheriffs, as well as
out of country), prisons, and inner office. Ability to multi-task and solve problems quickly and proficiently when the need arises. Assist with
reception and discovery, which includes dealing with the public and currency in a timely manner. Back up for Discovery and updating discovery log
and log outs, Accept Cash or check transactions for Discovery fees, work on Microsoft Excel and Word. Type felony complaint forms and type
misdemeanor comphint forms. Maintain records by assisting on the following systems: Case Management System (CMS), Genesis, Judicial
Access and organize files. Operate a variety of'standard office equipment. Enter Comphint forms both misdemeanor and felony. Then Teardown
and Prep files for court both misdemeanor and felony. Answer Phone calls and assist the public, Answer requests, Back-up at Reception Desk,
File Docunents, Enter Direct Files and Close out files in CMS. Work the incoming faxes and deliver to the proper person. Order various forms
Pome reese Crew

July 2012 to March 2013 Company Narre 1% City , State
September 2007 to February 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

Air Force Vilage West is a facility that provides military officers a retirement home. We provide medical care, housing assistant and food services.
I work in the Food Service area, Attend dining tables, Take orders, Stocking, Cashier, Cooking, Working copy machine, Working on Word and
Excel, Scheduling, Time management, Inventory, Cleaning, Washing, Reading temperatures, Lead, Answering requests, Maintain records, Operate
PR aN eeint Relocate CeCh er cnee ee casger metho Rnnarcct ages hey

Riewpaccera aie

September 2006 to June 2008 Company Name 1'4 City , State Cashier, Customer Service, Merchandising, Stocking, Working with money,
DTinan es LOL estniom

Personal Information

Thave conx to love being involved with the organization that I work for, I might add, I also have come to love the people I work with and am ghd
to say I have nude some new friends. I have Ieamed quite a lot working here for about five years, and hope to continue earning more. I enjoyed
volunteering for a Special Education Assistance Program for four years. I also enjoy the outdoors, spending time with family and friends.

als

Academic, Air Force, Attomey, Back-up, Case Management, Cashier, Clerical, closing, Cooking, Custorrer Relations, Customer Service, faxes,
organize fiks, filmg, Fimancial, forms, Inventory, Marketing, Merchandising, Access, Microsoft Excel, Excel, money, Office, Word, office
equipment, copy machine, police, Problem Solving, Quick, Reading, read, Reception, Maintain records, Retail Sales, Scheduling, tables, phones,
Phone, Tine management, Type

Education and Training

Bachelor of Arts : Sociology , 2017 California Baptist University 14 City , State

Social Behavior , 2012 Riverside City College i City , State

Arts , 2012 Riverside City College 1% City , State

High Schoo! Diplorm : General Studies , 2008 Martin Luther King High i City , State General Studies Retail Sales and Marketing-Regional
Occupation Program, in which I sod food, handled cash, stocked, took inventory and cleaned. Spark-Students Participating Academic
Recognition for King, a special program to recognize students who did well in their studies. K-12

Additional Information

¢ [have come to love being involved with the organization that I work for, I might add, I also have come to love the people I work with and
