SALES MANAGER
Summary
Driven sales and marketing professional with strong track record of planning, organizing, generating leads, and building and leading high performing
teams with 4+ years of experience in sales, business development and project managerent in the trucking and mining industry. Bilingual and quick
keamer with an ability to prioritize simultaneous projects, prospect clients and perform well ina demanding environment. Strong communication,
presentation, organizational and problem-solving skills.A
Highlights

© Researchand Amalysis © Strategic Sales

ORS oun lie cetyl © Leadership
© Flvent in Spanish © Business Development
© Customer service ¢ Key Account ManagementA
© Detailed Oriented © Market Planning

schivor anes

Company Name City Sales Manager 11/2014 to 01/2016

¢ Extraction and international conmercialization of bulk Asphaltite A Chik Office (USD3MM est. 2016).

© Led Santiago office sales from inception to USD3MM (est.2016) by successfillly identifying and securing customers in USA and Latin
yNivonee

© Formuhted detailed sales and profitability forecast for a 5-yr expansion phn successfillly achieving goals for the first 18 months.

¢ Improved customer service resulting in 43% increase in repeated sales.

Oo ANE O ABO LCE srl cusiniLem Nis Pa nb AUCs

© Customized truck body and trailer builder for the mining, electricity distribution, agricultural, sanitation and firefighting sectors integrating
equiprent from National Crane, Altec, Heil, Mongoose Jetters and others on Mercedes Benz, VW, Freightliners and International truck
chassis (USD48MM Saks).

© Reorganized quality control and developed new quality assurance resulting in 75% reduction of customer retums with USD700K yearly
Rae

¢ Successfillly gathered and translated pre-sales and post-sales on the customer base of the various industries into coherent product designs

for each client resulting in improved customer satisfaction.

Effectively coordinated work of 40 employees across 5 departments greatly improving internal communications.

CRW oleteced rela n nenan br Rae cine RRS eclacet baked Man mireerre ci MLM elcncccRu lie

Company Name City, State Marketing Consultant 11/2011 to 07/2012

© Law and Finance private consulting office (USD5MM Annual Saks).

© Planed and executed business plans for companies consulting to enter in the Chilean Market by generating a 5-year plan and defining
specific sales goals to succeed in the country.

¢ Improved office customer acquisition by 17% and generating USDO.8M in new annual revenue.

Education
Master of Science : International Marketing 2016 Hult Intemational Business School, City, State , United States of America

© Generated one year business and marketing plan for Edmunds.com with compkte support of the company.
* Created a one year business and advertising plan for NBC TV interacting with the company daily.

Master of Science : Marketing 2012 IEDE Business School , City , State , Chile

Bachelor of Science : Business and Management Administration 2011 Andres Bello National University , City, State , Chik
tec

Fluent in English, Fluid in Spanish, Basic German.

pinay

Hobbies: Musician for 15 years, Basketball player. Technology Analysis

Skills

Office Suite, SQL, Google Products.
