SALES ASSOCIATE

Si

Tend
Boer Ene gata begun eet en ee SLL Nts) uO TOILED pe MANU aL Lae a eas beelt

be Rca was oor a SceeUa cle Enna hac) vom League EUs Bro cee Le ICES Ral cea w Lanse
Poste ineaeaLaceyay

alg

Microsoft Word, Office, Excel, Power Point, and MindBody software *Excellent telephone ACtiquette *Extremely organized with good time
Piratesye etree dea NOL CR el Rn Clem sy ecct cee

schivor anes

01/2017 to Current

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

Greet customers at all points throughout the store.

Maintain constant presence on sales floor to assist customers.

Answer any questions about in store products and seasonal trends.

Communicate current sales and deals in the store to maximize sakes.

Provide assistance and customer service in the fitting rooms.

Replenish, fold, hang, and tidy garments throughout the day.

Maintain in-stock and presentable condition assigned areas.

Work with cash register and process transactions in a time efficient manner.

soiree ainnckesinucatsecen

Unload delivery trucks and unpack merchandise Execute reductions, price changes and label merchandise with security tags.

08/2015 to 12/2016
SAU NO reopen aie @ee sciveN leet aOl vam HlCd

Maintain patient medical records in accordance to NMHI, state and federal regulations.

(OlrusniB i cmos) Leumecomn etic. lektcl@ emeastelce

Accurately enter information into various computer progrars.

Keep sensitive customer or company information confidential

Research unnamed/orphan papers to ensure proper patient identification and file in the proper patient medical record.

Mail or fax requested information per HIPAA Guidelines to other fitcilities and keep log of these records being sent.

Scan and file medical information daily into the EMR and review documents to eliminate duplicates.

Verify and cross-reference information in all Health Information Managerrent systems to ensure document accuracy.

Provide attentiveness to the quality, timeliness, and accuracy of the EMR for patient care, legal, revenue, research, and regulatory needs.
Communicate politely and professionally with other medical facilities, insurance companies, co-workers, management, physicians, patients,
Bice la

01/2012 to 04/2016
Yoga Instructor Company Name 14 City , State

Plan yoga sequences and prepare class content and format appropriate for student level and style/type of yoga chss.
Provide a safe enviromment for students where they feel comfortable to move at their own level and pace throughout class.
Observe students, guide them into the correct poses and correct them for necessary skill improverrent.

Offer modifications during classes to accommodate different kvels of students.

Promote balance of the body and mind through effective teaching and demonstrations.

Maintain and clean yoga mats, blankets, and other props.

Sub classes for teachers.

Maintain positive relationships with members to encourage continued class attendance.

Provide health & wellness information and address any concems.

Support the co-creation ofa non-judgmental and fim environment to optimize leaming.

03/2012 to 05/2013
ora Re aeRO ee Coca NaN Een L@L NMC

[Crccecerad Subse canis

Sign students up for clisses and enter in students’ information.

Provide advice to customers regarding particular products or services.
Advise customers on utilization and care of merchandise.

Assist in display and promotion of merchandise Maintain sales records.
Receive payments for classes and/or yoga merchandise through cash, cheque, and credit card.
Maintain and manage the calendar.

Fik lability waivers and maintain digital records.

Collect, sort, distribute, or prepare mail and messages for the studio owner.
Help to promote the studio in print and at onsite events.

Perform duties such as cleaning the floors, mats, lobby, and office area.
