SALES ASSOCIATE/MERCHANDISER
schivor anes

Sakes Associate/Merchandiser Jul 2014 to Current
Company Name

Investigate and resolved customer inquiries and comphints ina timely and empathetic manner.

Run markdown reports, manage store replenishment and analyze buying reports.

QU nace OS OL MUR eRe UL s MUM EID cen BNO LCTInHUS Het eLemrLeRnecennietenan in
Operate POS system to itemize, open credit accounts and complete an average of 50 customer purchases.

Write saks slips and sales contracts.

Plan and coordinate the availability of products for advertising and promotion purposes.

Answer an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information.
Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.

Doren reaCkadeaxttemeniico Rene Tituesionin keke lmeracat secon

Confer with store managers to obtain information about customer needs and preferences.

Monitor and analyze sales records and consumer purchasing trends.

Anticipate consumer buying patterns to create a purchase and inventory plan.

Set and recommend mark-up rates, mark-down rates and selling prices for merchandise.

Complete stock orders and manage inventory levels.

Organize and track departmental receipt flow for new and reorder merchandise.

Partner with sales representatives and managers to coordimte delivery and merchandising schedule.

Educate employees on new merchandise during seasonal workshops.

Group Sales Associate Oct 2003 to Jan 2008
Company Name

yee lccRHnininnneno On emcear wel Rohner mms cre eecleicB Ie cm eB iintin Rule R te Cama Lee

Developed new clients by focusing on assigned target markets, with the resulting goal of significant increased gross sales.

Produced target market sales analysis reports to track sales trends from year to year.

Mo ecb ean iceeemca enue reneinigecines arena cB Lecomaiil Comic men Oncca ibis crea eth ote cuts
Phocoineen CMI DeB tien) saNis nen ertlcm

Assisted with organization of prospect lists and coordinating other materials pertinent to planning solicitations, cultivation events, and other
activities,

Concluded advanced bookings with the box office by preparing all details of group contracts through the Tessitura ticketing system
Followed up with patrons to ensure timely payment and that the client receives tickets and materials needed for their performance.

Actively pursued client stewardship opportunities such as hosting clients for dinners, performances, and other relationship buikding initiatives.
Worked with management and various departments to address specific customer service requests as needed such as; accessibility
accommodations, transportation needs, dining, receptions, and tours.

Office Assistant Sep 1998 to Oct 2003
Company Name

* Managed all day- to -day administrative responsibilities which included; reporting and documentation, record keeping, nnintaining of files,
correspondence, internal/extemal commumications.

Planned and developed the conférence program, agendas, schedules, sessions, handouts and other collateral materia.

Promoted and marketed the conference, created and disserninated brochures, articles, and email blast.

Handkd administrative details such as registration, payments, and travel/transportation,

Responded to inquiries and ensuring clear commumication with speakers, conference attendees, and other staff

brairestbeny
Bookkeeping 2018 Stratford Career Institute 1% City , State , Canada The Training Source, Inc.
Summary
CLIENT RELATIONS | OFFICE OPERATIONS | Performance-driven administrative professional; with over 10 successfil years facilitating
support services and managing fast-paced office operations. I have Strong organizational and commumication skills. Advanced understanding of
customer needs with diligent attention to detail, resulting in superior customer service and high levels of client satisfaction.
Highlights

© Peopl-oriented Filing and data archiving

© Creative problem solver Payment processing

® Quick lamer MS Windows proficient

¢ Exceptional communication skills Account reconciliation

© 50 WPM typing speed Proofreading
Skills
Account reconciliation, administrative, advertising, benefits, brochures, communication skills, contracts, Creative probkm solver, credit, client,
clients, customer service, delivery, documentation, emuil, Filing, inventory, manage inventory levels, mark, market saks, materials, merchandising,
Office, MS Windows, Office Automation, Payment processing, policies, POS, promotion, Prooffeading, purchasing, Quick leamer, record
