SALES ASSOCIATE

alg

Quick LeamrAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Retains Information with ease A A A
(Orr er eee grees ees

I antasnek Quen titan Cae WWW

Summary

Motivated strategic sakes professional with three years of experience. Focused, driven and detail oriented with great communication skills. Works
wellas an independent associate or ina team environment. Looking to join a team of hardworking individuals working towards the same goal A
schivor anes

10/2015 to Current

Saks Associate Company Name i City , State

Helped ead the store to a 15% increase for both years employed.A

FAoee Monta encer nner cantare ek ecu rechineae cance.
Recommend specific styles based on customers footwear needs.

MrMenaCr srrectccnrcrekedletictorars one heath lnonenve tic ee.
Recommended additional items to increase sales and multiples.

Provided a level of customer service regardless of difficultly level.

Consistently in the top for sales each month and kept 'perfect nurbers'.A

Maintained contact with regular clients and offen requested by name.

12/2014 to 10/2015
Bridal Consultant Company Narre 14 City , State

Used active listening skills as well as knowledge of merchandise to select dress options for brides, and provide feedback to encourage them
to purchase.

Maintained communication post-sale with brides to continue building rapport and ensure optimal customer service.

SMe me Lacsnlie ners oe anette yr cree

Knowledgeable in Bridal fashion, specifically with Maggie Sottero, Casablanca Bridal, David Tutera Bridal, The Dessy Collection, Alfred
Angelo, Bill Levkoff, Mori Lee.

Accurately measured and sized, brides and bridal party using various designer size charts.

Excelled assisting non-traditional custorers.A.

06/2010 to 12/2014
Waitstaff Company Name i City , State

Generated top sales ($2000+ per evening) by marketing nightly specials during high volume days (Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays)
Trained new server staff brand operations, restaurant compliance and customer expectations. One of two head trainers.
Successfilly promoted additional drink and menu items to guests to increase product sales.

Educated existing employees when new standards were rolled out.

Assured customer happiness through friendly, competent service

Ensure servers have performed end of night duties accurately.

Education and Training

2006

High Schoo! Diplorm Stevens High School i City , State , USA
Business Managerrent Black Hills State University 1 City , State, USA
