SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Summary

Anbitious Yard Manager with more than 15 years of management experience in the Oil and Gas and Transportation Industry. Applies strong
analytical and critical thinking skills to solve complex operational problems.

Highlights
Pee Gcnosprisiiuaiend © Heavy industrial equipment
CPD etic es onan emer siat da COLCO MEN ieTLeLand
© Expense contro! PE cvcresraLetsiceie.e cy
* Materials accountability © Motivated self-starter
© Scheduling * Cost reduction
© Customer service-oriented PEGs sree Diacic
© Safe driver © Map reading and navigation skills
CMs niseceiet@vcuayied * Heavy hauling

schivor anes

May 2016

to

RITA Es}

Company Name City , State Sales Representative Established new customer accounts.
Palo mtG react ekurierersniuravmtisltlam

Efficiently addressed issues with customer accounts to ensure quick resolution.
Updated database with customer and sales information.

Completed documentation for product and service sales.

Maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up affer sales.
Informed management of special sales and service issues.

(6) cResllccbo snout carson sce Oks bie. svetci om

Processed all sakes transactions accurately and ina timely fashion.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer comphints.

[Oo isrpcemlislas cy eseka pac eR Na B Ieee OR cece errs aM cell Citce

Built and mmintained effective relationships with peers and upper managerrent.

Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.

Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards.

Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.

Attended local, regional and national trade shows for product development training as defined by territory needs.
Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.

Noverber 2015

to

May 2016

Company Name City , State Truck Driver Maintained telephone and radio contact with supervisor to receive delivery instructions.
Checked load accuracy and stability before each trip.

Hooked and unhooked traikrs from the tractor and converter dollies.

Recorded expenses and maintained receipts.

Connected air hoses and electrical lines, installed and removed tire chains and manually cranked dolly wheeb.
Submitted reports on the condition of the truck at the end ofeach trip.

Operated a tractor-trailer combination in urban, suburban and rural environments and in all types of weather conditions.
Picked up customer Joads in a timely and accurate manner.

Tnteracted with customers and vendors ina friendly and timely manner.

Wrote receipts for loads picked up and collected payment for goods delivered and for delivery charges.

Retained valid proof of insurance and registration in vehicle at all times.

Conducted daily DOT pre-trip inspections according to a set checklist.

June 2015

to

Noverber 2015

Company Name City , State Sales Representative Maintained productive relationships with existing customers through exceptional follow-up after
saks.

Otic ay matsonemscee ens

Updated database with customer and sales information.

Landed new customer accounts through a consistent combination of perseverance, dedicated cold calling and exceptional service.
Greeted store customers promptly and responded to questions with knowledgeable service.

[CcrenlGtOna miele sia lwe stom

Palo mtG react ekurierersniuravmtisltlam

Cross-sold additional products and services to purchasing customers.
