SALES
Summary
OFFICE & CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCED Reliable Dynamic Responsible Strong Problem Solving Skills Organized Summary Of
Qualifications Dedicated and self motivated individual offering a great background in office environment, with hands-on experience in quality
customer service. Able to produce results above client and employer expectation. Excellent communication, organization and time management
skills. Strong multi-tasking abilities, needing little or no supervision. Work well both ndependently and as a contributing member of the team
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and the Internet. Enthusiastic Personal Assistant who is a fast leamer and can deliver results quickly. Energetic,
Peace A ALORS Namen ccniebsal cckdec nana drastce ca cncbubeoupranena eek celles) eia kevsraibaw cance
assertive and adaptable Personal Assistant who can effectively multitask in challenging situations and meet critical deadlines.Outstanding Personal
Assistant driven to provide excellent support to busy business professionals with little guidance. Expert in Excel fimctions and multi-tasking,
Perenreny

Ce Ballet

¢ Facsimic
Filing
steno ard
Wilt ats
Went
WLad
COirtem estates
Photocopiers
er ointeene ical cy
Scanners
Bo coronene ue conn lh

Experience

Sales Mar 2015 to Current

Company Name 1% City , State

Colkcted customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.

Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.

Urey ucmluaniclornebl sce delhi eneuomebiespenceeharscnnamre Team

Addressed customer service inquiries ina timely and accurate fashion.

Wabontect Gnomon boxe eon ledl inane

Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfiction.
Provided cross training to 3 staff members.

Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.

Exchanged retumed merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently.

COON reem sles) Ee lCRois ncRNA Ce IaH ee ORcece) ekencaOnT Cw Ce) Cttce

Extended customer subscriptions, offering discounts and promotions to ensure high customer retention rates.
Informed customers about sales and promotions ina friendly and engaging manner.

Processed up to 14 customer sales per day.

Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service Ievel standards.

Saks Consultant Jan 2014 to Mar 2015

Company Name 1% City , State

Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, receive and distribute money, and address comphints.
Teno nab Bs eediaioiceen sence Oe nacrc amare, coke

ole eink co ESn oC CA ORO ecLcor np eeaine emannlnniondtebiocavelioel bce bare

Close register.

Stand on feet for long periods of time.

Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and comphints in person and via phone.

Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.

Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.

oalreslCce Rar orkepycusivagnencoan ecko ion iics

Coa peepee eB sobnct Br ec mececr ime lceeTemelSe) aim
