SALES
Summary

When thinking of the timeline of my career, numerous bulkt points come to mind. Whether it be a skill or achieverrent that I can bring to the table,
there is one common denominator that all of these personal traits fall under: Tearmvork. Regardless of what job I may have had in the past,
whether it be music education, recruiting, or sales, understanding that I am existing within/kading a team allows mx to clearly understand the task at
hand. Communication is the number one element to a successfull team A prolonged ack of commnication can manifest itself into a negative
environment, and it has been my number one priority to make sure everyone involved is on the same page.

Serenity
CR acne esas) oor crc MEST co}
¢ MS Office proficiency * Purchasing
© Team buikiing expert © Quotations
¢ Proven saks track record Lr atsne ince cone icile) o
Cae Bantinerancenl PROr Siro moa ae
CRCLcBerlesiarana © CAD experience
Accomplishnents

Handled the highest volume account for current employer
Developed profitable sakes strategy with new product for longtime customer
Project Management A

© Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were compkted to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.

Experience
Saks 01/2007 to 02/2016 Company Name City , State

Initially hired as warehouse manager.

Oversaw receiving inventory into stock, maintaining stock, as well as pulling and shipping orders as needed.

Primarily used UPS Worldship for ground and LTL packages/palkts.

Serpe ceR ORs eraLee esU EWA OB Lal asheke BI MB Tee eceusnniclaCae kale inae

Main responsibilities involve processing large stock orders which pulled inventory from three different locations as well as drop ship orders.

I eseeisl) moe ae cust oe aicphostcem

Se eeU emo aD eee Lobia nec MOET freuen a

Fielded technical and specification questions through conference calls between our company's customer as well as the end user customer.

Coordinated inspections for retum items that were either defective, correctly supplied or did not meet the customer's needs.

Purchasing, sales, customer service as well as quotations all fall under the job description ofan inside sales representative at DAR since it is

a small family owned business.

Strictly defined rok are not a part of this job.

PEA Aeiseiber mice icckel wang noes ORG URC Sec em ORL oon tire ea cool eniecky elites
RS tell eons E anes

¢ The quotation process would be the most technical aspect of my time at D.A.R.

ean Thiea deeb Lecter mneiine renee eslieg (ila ted nes POR UIE earch etek Oe Ty zeitart

product required constant communication between myselfand the employees working the fabrication shop.

© My greatest fecling of satisfaction came from quoting something never done by the company before and having that tum into an actual order.

¢ Acquired new business for a longtime customer through competitive quotes and quick kead times for orders.

* Actose attention to inventory management resulted in quick kead times by making sure stock was available for custom items that customer

started to purchase.

Every aspect of training for the inside sales position at D.A.R. was on the job. This gives me great confidence to branch out into other

industries if'so given the chance.

Music Teacher/Camp Counselor 01/2003 to 01/2007 Company Name City , State

Began as music schoo! receptionist.

Prep eaMelcebuonneeinecadl leche roo Coe ace Len RCI Lerai rs ecb uEl sel reat Meare nine ccCoice ins ka actos
Later began to work as a counselor for their Rock Band Camp, where I was responsibk for chikiren ages 7-18.

The goal throughout each week was to prepare a diverse set of songs for campers to perform during the camp's end of week concert.
T also taught private drumset lessons to several students during this time.

Drunset Teacher 01/2007 to 01/2008 Company Nanr City, State

¢ Students under my instruction saw progress throughout their lesson routine.
¢ Areas ofinstruction included jazz, rock, Latin, and classical percussion.
