SALES AGENT
Core Qualifications
© Compliance Policies and Procedures (CSC)
* People Soft Query (DynCorp)
© Experienced in the use of Deltek Costpoint, PeopleSoft, Oracle and SAP. Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office software. Ennil
prograrrs include Outlook and Lotus Notes. Excellent Intemet research skills. NCMA member.

schivor anes
a) cow atnanls
September 2016 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Prepare documents such as representation contracts, purchasing statements, closing agreements, leases and deeds.

« Accompany buyers during visits to and inspection of property, advising them on the suitability and value of the homes based on current
market conditions.

© Evaluate mortgage option helping clients obtain financing at the best rate and terms.

© Provide expertise and advice to clients and prepare their home to be competitively priced and sell quickly.

Principal Subcontracts Administrator
July 2012 to May 2016 Company Name if City , State

© Performed comprehensive support for high dollar and visibility government contracts to include involverrent in proposal preparation,
evaluation, source selection, price analysis and financial reporting.

© Reviewed and performed in-depth analysis of supplier proposal responses to ensure the most responsive, responsible subcontractor was
eo ea (oc

© Negotiated subcontract terms and provided interpretation and advice to the Program Manager concerning the requirements of the
subcontract, to ensure compliance with the FAR and company policy.

¢ As the senior level Administrator in the department, I provided guidance and work leadership to less-experienced Subcontracts
PX

Rae ia cr Aico m
August 2009 to July 2012 Company Name i City , State

* Responsible for managing cradle-to-grave (Capture to Closeout) procurement process for over forty five (45) major Task Orders, valued
at 1 Billion dollars,

© Supported the development and execution of over 90 proposal efforts with up to fifteen (15) subcontractors per program

* Procurement activities involved purchasing hardware and software products; construction projects; aircraft maintenance and training
prograrrs; associated labor and training projects for simulation technical services Prepared bids, processed specifications, progress and
other reports; advised management of contractual rights and obligations; compile and analyze data, and maintain historical information, whik
working closely with program managers, project managers, finance and engineering.

Subcontracts Administrator/Buyer
June 2008 to June 2009 Company Narre 1% City , State

Provided cradle-to-grave administration of assigned subcontracts and task orders with a cumulative value of over 20 million dollars.
Issued and negotiated pre-award agreements (ie.

teaming and non-disclosure agreements).

Prepared the solicitation documents for complex acquisitions to include statements of work, terms and conditions or flow-down terms and
conditions, bid or performance evaluation factors, and other measures incorporated into the Requests for Proposal as may be appropriate
for the procurement.

Reviewed customer solicitations, issued subcontractor RFPs and negotiated pricing and tens in order to protect the company’s interests
Bieber Ree ecariice

Developed and negotiated all post-award subcontract documents to ensure compliance with Government regulations, prime contract
requirements, and company policies.

Issued subcontract or task order modifications as necessary.

© Resolved subcontractor payment issues.

Rae ia cr Aico m
October 2006 to May 2007 Company Name 1% City , State

Conducted proposal preparation, negotiation, administration, and custorrer contact activities that provide for proper contract acquisition
and fulfillment in accordance with company policies, legal requirements, and customer specifications.

Prepared RFPs and bid packages, conducted bidders' conferences, amalyzed and evaluated proposal, selected and recommended
subcontractors, wrote awards, and administered resulting subcontracts.

Negotiated and coordinated additions, deletions, or modifications as needed.

Dale es cesnedi ts MMU LeI CUI R GiH Reon itete OM Lermelat anmeldelse bed aelomcel tetany ae}
valued over 20 million dollars.

Participated in the development of subcontract policies and procedures.
