SALES
Ritirerstay
Account Manager focused on maximizing sales by managing all accounts systermtically and logically. Believes consistency and dedication build the
most successfill business partnerships.A A ExcelA at buidinga loyal customer base to achieve both short and long-term organization sakes goals.
bs hranianie

¢ Superior communication skills

© Cheerfil and energetic

¢ Effective teamphayer

¢ Staff training and development
© Resolution-oriented
¢ Dependabk and reliable

Accomplishments
Responsible for training new employees in all aspects of distribution and sales.

Ensured one hundred percent compliance with all company ruks and regulations.

Established new accounts and client interaction.

Wolo ieles rence eRooucl cele eet Nite) ered

Improved product placerrent at both on premise and off premise accounts.

Managed quality assurance for all products within distribution.

Maintained files for all individual accounts and products.

Increased saks through effective customer communication.

Experience

Nil

September 2008 Company Name 1% City , State Responsible for implementing all business-buikding and relationship-building expectations with
uniquely assigned accounts and customers. Consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy kevels.
Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs. Informed customers about sales and promotions ina friendly and
engaging manner. Answered customers’ questions regarding products, prices and availability. Collaborated with colleagues to exchange selling
strategies and marketing information. Collaborated with members of other departments to compkte sales transactions. Shared product knowledge
with customers whik making personal recommendations.

te aWVinaluo 7

April2008 to Septerrber 2008 Company Name i City , State Successfilly managed the activities of 12A team members. Developed,
impkirented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction. Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service
representatives. Addressed negative customer feedback immediately. Resolved customer questions, issues and comphints. Coordinated with
airport vendors regarding fueling and catering logistics. Determined flight close-out times and completed and verified flight forms.

Senior Corporate Travel Consultant

September 2017 to April 2008 Company Name i City , State Planned travel arrangements for 200 executives and staff: Received and screened
a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and muil. Collected customer feedback and made process changes to
exceed customer satisfaction goals. Made reasonabk procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. Provided accurate and
EV MeO Leb iccm cera Oam nL Giccoos Reesor esi ie cRiPRune en reann saci ei cilealsivay
byalty by pking follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.

akonomonraatnan’

January 1995 to Septerrber 2007 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ hCommunicated with customers daily h Committed to the assistance and support of others while maintaining a cheerful and helpfull attitude h
Trained in and maintained excellent interpersonal and communication skills that complement proven creative problem solving capabilities h
Provided superior customer service and work quality while demonstrating attention to detail, flexibility and innovation in resolving problems.
