SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Summary

Food service worker with fast food, retail and customer service experience. Trained in food safety and handing. Also have some Sales
Representative Skills.

BS ania}
© Reliable and punctual
¢ Reliable team worker © fast kamer
, pare aee Fea retrace self-motivated
a eaeeninia ae ng ume pe Cer eon or aici Rannvnnrcns
ar senna ie ‘ CBr dekeobntent are aé(osect
ia Sonnitonee © abk to stay busy and focused while on the job
© Excellent multi-tasker
Experience

Saks Representative Sep 2015 to Sep 2015
Company Name i City , State

© Keep records of purchases, sales, and requisitions.

Select the correct products or assist customers in mking product selections, based on customers' needs, product specifications, and
applicable regulations.

Collaborate with colleagues to exchange information, such as selling strategies or marketing informtion.

Demonstrate and explain the operation and use of products.

Inform customers of estimated delivery scheduks, service contracts, warranties, or other information pertaining to purchased products.

FN Uont ics emir emicees recur oomalt eb UB siete le eclvet Sieve m OR olebileriiloreeleriuc@aenilteimelcieccetnar cern dd
industry developments.

Compkete expense reports, sales reports, or other paperwork.

Complete product and development training as required.

Swing Manager Aug 2012 to Sep 2015
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Made sure Crew Members had designated breaks.

Oconee neo ste RUravatisltLad

Runa shift with the full responsibility that comes with being in charge.

Verify that prepared food meets requirements for quality and quantity.

Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.

Recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner.

Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles.

Properly portioned and packaged take-out foods for customers.

Clean food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils.

Maintain sanitation, health, and safety standards in work areas.

Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining
boi oom

Read food order slips or receive verbal instructions as to food required by patron, and prepare and cook food according to instructions.
Investigate and resolve comphints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.

Take food and drink orders and receive payment from customers.

Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.

Clean, stock, and restock workstations and display cases.

Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, caring tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.
Serve orders to customers at windows, counters, or tables.

Count money and make bank deposits.

Investigate and resolve comphints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.

Store food in designated containers and storage areas to prevent spoilage.

Take and record temperature of food and food storage areas such as reftigerators and freezers.

Remove trash and clean kitchen garbage containers.

Inform supervisors when equipment is not working properly and when food and supplies are getting low, and order needed items.
O}orlekek bua mm ibeLmireLamerr «mu eteeiea tats om

Ursin Maan Rina ge dea van ccceit el cguel Com ere CRORE e them

Asserbkr Apr 2015 to Jun 2015
Company Name i City , State

* Beabk to lift at kast 30lbs.
