SALES SUPERVISOR - SALES EFFECTIVENESS

Summary

Experienced sales supervisor and recognized training facilitator with over 25 years of sakes experience in the Utility Industry. Proven track record
of implementing successfil sales programs to exceed Team and Company goals.

Hck
Hck

Highlights
¢ Microsoft Dynamics CRM subject matter expert
AR ea ee ea CRS nc miele nzunal onsen
ra) sae ae pe " ‘ © GSA committee member and facilitator for final product
© Certified facilitator - 7 Habits of Highly Effective People panera
ee a (one of three at the time with ee) * Established track record of exceptional sales results
* Commercial Saks Person of the Year 2008 (Piedmont Natural Gas) Pa eee ae ens
CRB ewdlenguen nines Esai tae a
schivor anes

Sales Supervisor - Sales Effectiveness 11/2015 to Current Company Name City , State

Hck

Led of virtual team of 6 full timeA Saks Support Coordinators.

Managed theA Partner financing forA kegacy PNG.A

Integrating (in process) Duke Gas SalesA with Piedmont Natural gas Saks

Impkmented a procedure to aid in Project Management

Impknented additional responsibilities for the team by monitoring and evaluating productivity levels and bandwidth
Developed a 'Welcome Package' to send to all Residential builders

Maintained, updated and developed policies and procedures for the Saks team

Converted all forms, letters and agreements to electronic versions

Developed Sales training mterials for the sales reps, supervisors and mangers

As the CRM expert, I work closely with the newly created IT group to ensure the health of the product
Currently working on an Integration project as the Product Owner of CRM

Sales Supervisor 11/2012 to 11/2015 Company Name City , State

Supervised and monitored the daily activities of ten outside Sales Representatives to ensure all saks and company strategic goalsA were
met and in compliance with company policy.

Mentored, coached, trained and motivated theA team in ongoing development

Led the team to be successful in meeting or exceedingA team goals

SoughtA ways to improve work processes and increase skill evels or knowledge of the team,

Self taught the advanced ways to utilize CRM and quickly became the subject matter expert.

Helped build and develop a training manual for new sales representatives for the SouthWest Region, which is being reviewed now for
enterprise wide potential use.

eRe Coco ner nid omenseteninccmntncnn cr cen harnarcermirdces amin atrn bed necs neccomnc cy
placement guidelines and to solicit ways to improve communications.

Commercial Sales Representative 04/2006 to 11/2012 Company Name City , State

Executed strategies to ensure natural gas growth with both new and existing commercial customers in the Charlotte market.
Networked with business keaders, architects, engineers, contractors and owners to promote the company's products and services.
Recognized for the ability to develop and maintain quality customer and business relationships.

QI Sani sexe orcad ctor neKeN et eclCM

Became LEED certified in 2009; one of three employees at the time with the certification.

Was named Commercial Sales Person of the Year in 2008.

Residential Energy Specialist 03/2006 to 04/2006 Company Name City , State

Systematically and strategically worked in an assigned territory to ensure the use of natural gas in residential homes and developments
Quickly promoted to the Commercial market within the Company.
