FINANCE MANAGER,
Summary

Pro-active, results-oriented, deadline driven with broad experience in all aspects of accounting and financial management. Solid planning and
organizational skils in coordinating all aspects of cach project from inception through completion. Sees the big picture and plans appropriate
strategies to achieve results. Well disciplined with proven ability to manage multiple assignments efficiently under extreme pressure while meeting
tight deadline schedules. Strong team buikler and facilitator, creates an atmosphere that encourages individual growth among accounting
professionals while maximizing their potential and production. Ascertains needs and goals, streamlines existing operations, envisions new concepts
and looks for areas of improvement while following through with development and direction. Clearly and effectively commumicates direction,
commits peopk to action with timelines, and transforms complex information into easily understood formats.

Perentens

Comprehensive
experience in
Organizational Re-
Engineering

Inventory

(Oe iced drceeschesd
Reporting/Process
iocmunegesie sl
Managenent/Analysis
lelrticre Cot ore P ala
Budget & Forecasting
Preparation/Administration
Coron
Accounting/HR/Payroll
Staff Management

Ce ssc Sy

¢ GAAP/ASOX/SO/SOX

SAP, Dynamics AX, AS400, SBT, IFRS, JD Edwards, MAS90, Great Phins and Quickbooks. Access, SAS
and SQL. MS Office including Excel 2010, 2007 and 2003. UltiPro, ADP, Report Smith, E-Time Heavy,
TimeSaver, EZLabor and EasyPay.

schivor anes
Finance Manager , 12/2011 to 05/2014 Company Nan i City , State

© Provide financial reports for three plants in the region.

Manage day to day operations to include overseeing all accounting fictions, procurement, annual budget forecast, payroll and complying
EO). @

Work with corporate HR in regards to plant personnel and suggest personnel changes in the plant along with other necessary changes to
create a corporate environment from the prior family owned company feel.

Manage all aspects of Supply Chain Developed and implemented purchasing, operations, logistics and production systerns Manage vendor
and supplier contracts Introduced Lean Manufacturing practices Manage billing and HR functions.

Accounting Manager , 12/2008 to 07/2011 Company Name i City , State

© Overall authority for the global intercompany operations of the organization, budget preparation and administration, audit, accounting,
monthly closing of books, account reconciliation, and journal entry adjustments.

Prepared monthly, quarterly and annual reports summarizing the business activities.

Developed trend and balance sheet analysis; accounts receivable and aging reports.

Maintained audit reports to ensure a smooth quarterly and year-end audit.

Supervised and lead support staff of up to 4.

Created new global policies to help streamline the inter-company reconciliation process.

Introduced monthly team meetings to enhance team environment, review projects and provide training,

Recommended a cross-training project to include written docurrentation ofall processes.

Corporate Controller , 03/2008 to 12/2008 Company Name i City , State

Restructured the accounting department to create a strong team of 6 rect reports to handle an SAP implkerrentation and go live.
Challenged to kad a 20 year okd manufacturing company away from ok habits and into an updated more controlled accounting
environment.

© Impkmented intemal controls in areas of required purchase orders with authorized approvals, travel and expense review with limits,
including D&B checks for setting customer credit limits, creating reorder points to avoid excessive inventory on hand, paying within terms
ER weli ee ee neraM PT Ce Kia PLC gry cons Cus NCR ete R ates

Responsible for the financial reporting of three plants combined average 80 million in sales annually.

Business process owner for SAP software implementation.

Sexceml xelacnmesnel aia

[Ooreteoeti ci Mell PUR CORU Pe ie @e sclive Nt Rye OSES
