DIRECTOR OF FINANCE

Peelers RSTn sa

Progressive financial and managerial experience in not-for-profit and for-profit organizations. Primary financial contact with Board of Directors
presenting financial and statistical reports to members with varying degrees of financial knowkdge. Accountable for financial management of $15M
Pela Ce iiarelcea mule ouMol Nye ee pono Sal eon nm Mr duas main or ited nec eemiiscr ed
Managerrent, staffsupervision and coaching, and financial systems. Comprehensive expertise with non-profit organizations with multiple programs
and cost centers. Experienced with find accounting and reporting requirements based on government regulations, contractual language, and donor
Pelee eyo nn conus ae Cece aiae Darien ces n nocia rica cme lnm rcardnan lg cctir acco giant
reporting and summarization of ongoing Capital Campaign. Extensive experience with relevant financial software applications including conversions
and upgrades. Currently working with Blackbaud Financial Edge and Raiser’s Edge.

als

Aenean Teo neat orarlneen i hom ceenice cll ara Reo Omir rem cman Sey heme eee
PLCC SoC CIB Lae es eee a cm O) CMe Le mcca Cmca OM Le Nome Mn nennicenmestat yey cetEa trata
filng, Finance, Financial, financial analysis, financial audits, financial statements, Prepare financial statements, fimds, general kedger, grants, Human
Resource, Insurance, interpretation, investments, legal, Director, meetings, mentoring, Excel, Microsoft Office, Office, negotiating, operating
Sere Mole Mec merece Se eon Le BUCO dee Lanet me eM Mra gO Uae coarit otra
QuickBooks, reconciling, reporting, securities, staffing, strategic, Strategic Planning, supervising, tax retums, treasury, valuation, vision

Core Qualifications

yore cane aeons oredmecnnnteecey Mom Lareca a OliLemerne neste asec am

Experience

DIRECTOR OF FINANCE

Janvary 2012 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Prepare financial statements for presentation to the Treasurer of the Board of Directors, Finance Committee, and senior staff

Bye odocanis Cleon

Prepare and analyze audit scheduks.

Review of audited financial statements and 990 Information retum for accuracy and reconciliation to the trial balance.

eee Sle ela cee cdu cerca aan Menncceebalicge sno cunateineatLos ncn cnn Bava p scuan

Elina ee ob uainecect ite coma cmeeauraelcnn asada bere Rican oem cn nectlantreprarnnalt ya ecltra ce re
in accordance with donor restrictions.

Prepare reports as needed for the Investment Committee of the Board of Directors.

Prepare and analyze general ledger, including cost centers, in compliance with Federal, State and grant fimding requirements.

Oh eae edo Meee Ro murns ines rece

Preparation and analysis of annual budget, working closely with Senior Management and department directors, for presentation to the
CCP a ped Aen cea Le cee Beem

Responsible for the Human Resource fimetion for the Society, including payroll and benefits, as well as compliance with Federal and State
Labor Departrent rulings.

Supervise Finance Office including trainmg and mentoring of entry evel staf

Monitor Personnel and Finance Office policies and procedures.

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
January 2009 to January 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

Prepared and analyzed the financial staterents for monthly presentation to Senior Management, the Finance Committee of the Board of
Directors, and the Board of Directors.

PM Wonioeckeclibieadteons namics eiican baad cr MHC Boel etucrs ce

Created and exphined various models for annual operating and capital budgets based on changing scenarios from Federal, State, Local and
CRO vene

(eine ed eco mua nUoRMU Rar oM ZAlatE ae

rronucdncas ome claves cone ke eB icca Oe

Created State of New Hampshire budget for fimding for Privary Care and Breast and Cervical Cancer Program.

Responsibk: for completion and reporting of State Work Plan.

Key point person for all audits including A133 audit, State of New Hampshire and City of Manchester HUD technical visits.

PAE Me esr eia eV albalauecunceedthaOnibs isco OOM RNIN ER Ourada eit perl Maneatis
and long-term planning, as well as the general admmistration of the Center.

Created and submitted grant requests and grant reports for Federal ARRA and Earmark grants using the Federal Electronic Handbook and
other Federal portals,

Compkted calculations and requests for Federal drawdowns using Federal portal.

Responsible for the development, implerrentation and monitoring of all financial systems, records and controls encompassing patient
receivabks, accounts payable, general accounting, grants and contracts, and payroll

Provided financial analysis and participated in decision making of insurance coverage, fringe benefits, and compensation plans.
Supervised, trained, and coached patient account staffand accounting stafE

OBB anomie nous konieretexeovans a mech merce gelulling meson ome D wos) Mole tsk O Ng
Puce Lei esa niCy

Negotiated and monitored all insurance policies, including malpractice, property, and workers compensation.
