FINANCE COORDINATOR

BS ania}

Microsoft Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, MS Outlook, SAP, Marketing Funds System, Siebel, AS400/Mainffame, Baan ERP, SharePoint,
Salesforce.com, SAP CRM

schivor anes

05/2014 - Current

Company Name i City , State Finance Coordinator

* SUMMARY Dedicated accounting and finance professional with proficient analytical, budget processing, supporting and researching
experience that includes general ledger reconciliation, data management and analysis, auditing, accounts payable and accounts receivables.

© Successfil at managing multiple assignments while meeting tight deadlines.

* Adept at building productive, cross-fimetional team relationships, and leveraging these relationships to gain cooperation in resolving issues.

02/2012 - 05/2014
Company Name i'4 City , State Master Data Specialist

CP wancloimersl Cita oemicomiinnmuecccHtE) coteniellce cya

© Served as subject matter expert on Warehouse Direct (WD) accounts, addressing escalated issues and answering questions from the
business regarding WD processes.

© Involved in SharePoint project which reduced the WD account create and change work flow process time by hal£

12/2008 - 02/2012
Company Name i City , State Financial Analyst

Worked closely with pharmaceutical client CFO and controller generating reports and reconciliations to assist in cash flow forecasting,
Performed reconciliations utilizing Excel techniques including V-lookups and pivot tables.

Consistently managed and completed month end close process within five business days.

Processed client approved write-off, accruals, journal entries and posted transactions to the general ledger.

Assisted account analysts in collection of past due open accounts receivabks.

Participated in the recommendation, development, testing and implementation of department automated AR Reconciliation tool, which
significantly reduced the manual matching work performed by the department Financial Analysts.

¢ Received several recognition awards for commitrent to teamwork, initiative, process improvements and customer service.

08/2006 - 07/2008
Company Name i City , State Financial Analyst

© Maintained and accurately loaded multi-million dollar marketing budgets and forecasts into the Marketing Funds sub-ledger.

© Supported brand marketing managers by providing analysis and weekly reporting on marketing spend actual results versus forecast in SAP

and Marketing Funds.

Weedon Ain GialLont ka icmMii saeco nant R\comia ie WilB eheetklat iene

Assisted finance manager with period end and yearly close fimetions.

Documented and tracked all forecast changes between brands and programs in the Marketing Funds system and Access database;

esl araeseeiinedebelcamee) em uatiem teem avons tice

* Assumed kad rok for reporting inventory status to brand managers and assisting in the resale of overstock items; analysis - researched
Sheath coom

© Coordinated annual Accrual process.

* Audited payment requests in excess of 75k for correct general ledger coding and adherence to GAAP guidelines.

COJ PLU ORE UI PA0 1
Company Name i City , State Trade Promotion Specialist

Accounting Pre-audited and processed trade marketing and bottler coop reimbursements to conform to GAAP guidelines.

Analyzed and adjusted trade budgets to actual to facilitate year-end close process.

Prepared period and year-end close journal entries for muttiple general ledger and cost center combinations.

Created customized reconciliation forms and reports, using Excel techniques including macros, V-lookups, and pivot tables.

Led and executed department training; trained new hires on Marketing Funds System, SAP and reconciling procedures.
CONC O eee COhiUnemeeeniranintaeegecitiraum meena iid oem

Oversaw departirent records retention/retrieval syster; received "What Outstanding Work" (WOW) award for initiative and independent
effort.

© Received "Shooting Star" award for individual contribution to tears overall successfil accomplishments.

Education

2016

Columbia Southern University City , State B.S : Business Adiministration/Finance Business Adiministration/Finance

Skills

Accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivables, accruals, Accrual, AR, AS400, auditing, Baan, brand marketing, budgets, budget, cash flow,
com, controller, CRM, client, customer service, data management and analysis, drivers, ERP, finance, Financial, forecasting, forms, fictional,
