FINANCE MANAGER,

Summary

Assist an organization that can benefit from my extensive experience in Accounting, training auditing, contract bid preparation and negotiations.
Over forty years experience in accounting including Controlkrships, Accounts Payable, Payroll, Government Contracting, Auditing, Cost
Accounting, Budgeting, and Subgrant Contracting. Organizations I have worked for include Manufacturing and Service Companies such as,
Sandia National Laboratory, State of Nevada WIC Program and Office of Navajo Economics (ONEO). Performed many special projects,
included preparation of budgets, preparation of Cost Accounting Systems including Cost Accounting System Disclosing Statements, CAS cost
impact statements. Assigned liison with DCAA, DCMA and CDCMA, costing system reviews, evaluation of cost proposal, and defective
pricing reviews.

Accomplishments

Hexcel Corporation representative to Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) Cost Principles Committee.

Worked with the AIA Committee in recommending a rewrite of 48CFR1S5 to refine the definition and determination of commercial pricing
provisions.

The committee recommendations are now part of the current regulations.

Developed computer models, using Excel, to provide plant bidding models and corporate home office allocations to plants.

Train Government Contracting Plant Controllers in contract accounting and bid processing,

Anrrican Legion Femley Post 37 Adjutant for 3 years.

schivor anes
Finance Manager
April 2004 to June 2011 Company Name if City , State

© Responsible for development/monitoring program budgets; Plan and organize program accounting, review and evaluate costing reports,
budget status, leases, contracts, and sub grants to identify problems/trends.
CE icici race i iieinieenlelunty ene ruciiitesctnee ic lvetce

ena
March 2001 to August 2004 Company Name 1% City , State

* Auditing of Alameda County Fair Food Vendors conformance to contact terns.

¢ Audit included Cash sakes reporting and use of undercover shoppers.

© Reporting included reporting daily sales volume and undercover shopper's findings to Fair Managerrent on over 50 vendors.
* Sales reports used in determining vendor's final space rental based on Saks Volare.

Director
January 1988 to January 2001 Company Name 1% City , State

Responsibilities included review of Goverment contract proposals including supportability of direct cost rates and cost accumulation
methods for eight plants.

* Company negotiation representative to DCAA, CACO, DCMA and Prime contractors in defending contract costing methodologies.
Hexcel's Chief Financial Officer representative to plants regarding Government contracting and costing issues.

Prior to assuming Director position, I Served two years as manager of contract accounting and proposal preparation on B2 Borrber
material manufacturing contracts, three years as manager of corporate home office allocations to divisions and was assigned additional duties
as manager of company accounts payable and payroll systems with a staff of cight employees.

Resolved $8 million of accounts receivable issues related to sales of B2 Bomber material to Northrop Corporation.

Senior and Special Projects Auditor
January 1979 to January 1987 Company Name ¥% City , State

© Performed contractor cost proposal reviews on bids related to materials, service and construction contracts being awarded by REECO
under Operations and Maintenance (O&M) contract with Department of Energy (DOE).

oO re RClnicy echo rmhelcm eda elaueihl Onin ticheetRiulemiacrii@erce cake

Assigned as Managing Auditor and negotiator for Construction change orders at the Tonopah Stealth Fighter Training base After
completion of construction assigned operation audits supervisor.

Operational audits included Salvage Sale Operations, food-purchasing procedures, housing operations.

Assigned as REECO lnison to USAF Office Special Investigations (OSI) and DOE- Inspector General on investigations of Hot Line fraud
assertions on Tonopah Fighter Training Base.

feviicolce
January 1978 to January 1979 Company Name 1% City , State

* Performed all controller finctions for this privately owned fire company that contracted with several major cities and counties in Arizona and
Wloneecoes
© Staffincluded four accounting personnel for accounts payable, payroll, accounts receivable and general accounting,

(Oeil ag
