FINANCE OFFICER

Summary

Profile: An experience Accountant and data base worker who has developed a strong accounting background working with Data Base and
Accounting packages for over four years. Team oriented individual with good interpersonal skill and a demonstrated ability to accurately evaluate
customer requirement and complete related tasks / project which satisfy or exceed customer requirement on time. . I have the ability to create
conducive atmosphere with colleagues at work. Keen, presentable and goal getter, effective team member, trust worthy, reliable and well organize
team player. Confident working alone and with senior authorities, creative and enjoys using own initiatives. Flexible and can adapt to work in wide
range of tasks. I have the ability to work within tight schedules and outside official hours.

Highlights
« Analytical reasoning * Account reconciliation expert
© Compliance testing knowledge =» Financial planner
© Financial staterrent analysis © Effective time mamgement
Accomplishments

Achieved 25% cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes.

Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting.
schivor anes

April 2014 to January 2016

On ANE O bagel weg

Develop internal control policies, guidelines, and procedures for activities such as budget administration, cash and credit
management, and accounting.

Coordinate and direct the financial planning, budgeting, procurement, or investment activities of all or part of an
organization.

Maintain current knowledge of organizational policies and procedures, federal and state policies and directives, and
current accounting standards.

Receive cash and checks and make deposits.

Advise management on short-term and long-term financial objectives, policies, and actions.

Prepare or direct preparation of financial statements, business activity reports, financial position forecasts, annual
budgets, or reports required by regulatory agencies.

Evaluate needs for procurement of funds and investment of surpluses and make appropriate recommendations.

Provide direction and assistance to other organizational units regarding accounting and budgeting policies and
procedures and efficient control and utilization of financial resources.

Analyze the financial details of past, present, and expected operations to identify development opportunities and areas
where improvement is needed.

Supervise employees performing financial reporting, accounting, billing, collections, payroll, and budgeting duties.

Compute, withhold, and account for all payroll deductions.

April 2013 to October 2013
Company Name City Administrative/Finance Officer
© Supervising and monitoring the sheet from haulage work at London Mining
* Perform payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and submitting payroll.

© Collect and deposit money into accounts, disburse funds from cash accounts to pay bills or invoices, keep records of
el ee and disbursements, and ensure accounts are balanced.

* Manage Sage Accounting software in relation to all the company activities.
Income and Expenditure data inputting and analysis.i.e customer invoices, supplierinvoices, credit card payments, and
inputting all cost into their various overheads

ao

April 2013 to October 2013
Company Name City Data Entry Supervisor

e Reporting to the Senior Supervisor on the Data Collected during surveys

¢ Supenising the the output of colleagues to ensure the work is done orderly and ontime.

¢ Responsible for the coding of different information gathered from surveys

e Analysing the authencity of the report to make sure it truthful and accurate for sending to various donors

September 2012 to April 2013
Company Name City Compliance and Internal Controlls Officer

a Nail rarnnciliatinn fre fauriA\ Rants intaratinnal hank arrniinte
