DIRECTOR OF FINANCE

Professional Summary

Seeking a position in financial general accounting, Highly meticulous and reliable Finance Director with an outstanding client service record. Adept
muttitasker able to handle a number of cash management projects with professionalism and accuracy. Strong research skils in optimizing current
BiniRe lianas brie avon ane cite srer i Lae

Experience

Pires zustrecd

May 2016 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

° cy

ar ee

Manages the day to day accounting department, including hands on monthly close, commission reports, financial statements.

Manages financial tasks, budgeting and overall accounting of the company.

Develop and implement short and long-term financial strategies and tactics in alignment with the company's business plan and strategic
initiatives.

Develop and monitor policies and procedures within generally accepted accounting principles and corporate guidelines to ensure sufficient
cash flow, reduced operating cost, and increased revenues.

Forecast, monitor performance and prepare analytical informtion and management reports to enabk effective decision making by the CEO.
Manage and develop ckar and precise financial records, analyze financial statement while ensuring the integrity ofall financials, and maintain
internal control.

Manages monthly and yearly closing responsibilities including system closing, journal entry preparation and inventory reconciliation.

Prepare and review all documentation required to meet reporting deadlines.

rel eiilna sl bro reiceine strat ice On Sxcut tent

Serve as primary liaison to outside CPA firm for assurance and income tax preparation services.

Sr. Operations Analyst-Fund Accounting
September 2015 to April 2016 Company Name 14 City , State

© Process fimds' trade activity and communicate with the finds’ investment manager on a daily basis.

Prepares and review position and cash reconciliations between investment manager and custodians utilizing internal and third party custody
phtforns.

eve Re eteeg resi Ceiprenebelince ono M ered oc kicn

PUTT eeee nine gree omc Lata

Prepares Cash and Portfolio Reconciliations for equities and fixed income.

Performs daily and monthly analysis and quarterly reporting for institutional investors.

Communicates daily with custodians and prime brokers to resolve trading, operational and accounting issues.

Prepares financial staternent for the fimds and participate in other Ad Hoc projects as needed.

Fetes Pam ecranlPtaceeu ted
October 2013 to September 2015 Company Name 1'/ City , State

Prepares month-end, quarter-end, year-end account analysis and reconciliation, including reconciliation of bank statements to the finance
olny

Prepares financial reports by utilizing accounting and support systems within the scope of established controls and procedures to research
and prove account balances.

¢ Maintains and reconciles general ledger, subsidiary ledger and DDA accounts.

ee

Performs a variety of routine accounting fimctions in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and
Sarbanes Oxley Act.

Prepares financial statement reconciliation report, by analyzing general ledger activity and propose appropriate adjusting entries.
Assists with audits by providing supporting records and documentation.

MGM aE RCD Ln eana ce delnaontraetnskleoe hee scene ure GOR Teeth ia toe
Reconciks intercompany and all balance sheet accounts on a monthly basis and report on variances.

Assists in the docurentation of processes and establishment of intemal contro.

I do evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of business processes, procedures and accounting assumptions on an ongoing basis.
Leads and participate in various finance ad hoc projects as needed (SAP/cLedger transition). €

Tax Analyst
June 2011 to August 2011 Company Name 14 City , State

Wicheacbup amined gear cea nusenminesid accep ieee Rylan en ceece esiticecs

Wicleocbebp ated gear Koacesnnaed) atl eice

Experienced in reconciliation of detailed realized gain/loss reports.

Experienced in PFIC mark to market adjustment computation using Passive Foreign Investment Company(PFIC) identification procedures.

ORR me ecesel giana | Bare ae
June 2007 to September 2012 Company Name 4 City , State

Helped clients understand their historical transaction staternents.
