FINANCE MANAGER

Professional Summary

To attain a responsible position in an organization of repute where I can utilize my accounting expertise to prepare fair and accurate financial
(hatin ercp om eemeleariiccstt oye

Core Qualifications

Well versed with Windows Operating System, Microsoft Office, Intemet Operations, Oracle ERP, SAP & Tally Date : Signature :

schivor anes

Finance Manager

January 2012 Company Name i City

RICOH India Ltd is 73.6% Owned subsidiary company of Japan base RICOH Co.

ee

They are basically deals with manufacturing and installing office autormation equipment like muttifinctional printer, copier, fax ete.

They have 14 branches and 230 dealers in all over India.

with average sakes revenue 10 billion.

New Delhi/NCR as a Senior Finance Executive( from 20th Sept’ 12 to 16th Feb'15) Key Responsibility: Budgeting & forecasting as well as
critical point analysis.

IRR & NPV Cakuhtion for project valuation Using Treasury managerrent tools vide Fund flow, Cash Flow and change in working capital
Brora

© Alldebtors management (Region wise) .Finalisation Of Accounts (Northern regjon), customer dealing.

Cakuhtion Ofdealer commission and employee commission Audit Scheduling and document preparation.

Balance Sheet and Profit & loss statement analysis for raising the short term bank loan Operating Expenses as well as Capital Expenditure
controlling,

Revenue recognisation for prepare the profit & loss, Inter branch reconciliation.

Prepare rolling Budget to set expectation from monthly operating performance.

Prepare the collection register for controlling the Debt and collection.

PPT presentation for MIS reporting,

Maintain the Assets Register and calculate the depreciation on monthly basis.

Bank Guarantee and letter of credit preparation (For foreign Remittance) and also require supervising the team for Government laison.
Supervise the entire Fiance Team (6 +4 Person) of North Region as well as corporate budgetary Team

Kochi as a Branch (from 18th Feb'15) Key Responsibility: Fmalisation Of Accounts (Branch), customer dealing.

Debt Management and aging analysis for the Branch Calculation Of dealer commission and employee commission Audit Scheduling and
document preparation.

Branch Operating Expenses controlling.

Revenue recognisation for prepare the profit & loss, Inter branch reconciliation.

Prepare rolling Budget to set expectation from monthly operating performance.

Prepare the collection register for controlling the Debt and collection.

PPT presentation for MIS reporting,

Maintain the Assets Register and calculate the depreciation on monthly basis.

Credit Controlling, taking care of collection as well as controlling the entire branch finance Operation.

February 2008 to September 2012 Company Name

GCP As lore APD bem So culuoe ou Oude snes B anne SL Cce Sk Yam OB eB Run te Ros can Aee
Japan based Dainippon Ink & Chemicals.

DIC India along with its subsidiaries sells and produces printing inks.

Mire CaS ren eels ee thee US CELE oC MN eamco meine le eB eau Uece nee

It also produces synthetic resins, polyurethane amination adhesives, press room chemicals & rubber blankets.

A wide array of UV lacquers is marketed under the Viocure brand name.

Key Responsibilities: All debtors management (Region wise) .Finalisation Of Accounts (Eastem region), customer dealing.

Budgetary control and critical point analysis with control.

JTree are B ue men cnubes Blea ra nesti al tom

Allkinds of MIS reporting related with accounts ie.

Liquidity Analysis, working capital consumption statement, cash flow analysis, bank reconciliation statement, monthly Liability staterent,
monthly expenditure statement, monthly collection statement etc.; Prepare the monthly as well as weekly financial report.

Raising the short term bank loan for immediate finding.

Supervise the Govt laison with various tax department.

Bill of Exchange preparation, surance chim, fallow-up with other region for sales tax related issue and other accounting issue, Bank
Guarantee and Export documentation preparation, creditors bills processing; Service Tax, Central Excise, PF, ESI Etc.

Kolkata | Finance Officer
May 2006 to January 2008 Company Nane

A kading manufacturer of flameproof equipment in the country.
This company having a joint venture with SAIT Mining of France is engaged in manufacturing of Transwitch Unit, NFLP Starter, Halogen
Bulbs widely used in Mining Sector.
