FINANCE AND OPERATIONS MANAGER
Executive Profile

Results-driven, efficiency-conscious International Business Management Executive with extensive experience including financial management,
organizational development, business development and team building within diverse industries. Skilled in planning, coordinating and executing
successfil strategic business and financial programs, with track record of improving operational stability, efficiency, and profitability. In-depth
knowledge ofa diverse array of core financial and business processes, with demonstrated capacity to successfully improve bottont line
profitability, and firther corporate objectives. Collaborate with senior stakehoMers to effectively prioritize activities and achieve defined objectives,
translating business requirements into solutions to achieve corporate performance goals and targets.

Skill Highlights
© Organizational Development

© Business Development and Expansion in Domestic and International * Mottinillion-dollar P&L Management

CM crivamecbueceensing Sata eeicrecne

° arene Ee eratoe Nou al
e Financial and Strategic Planning and Execution * Policy and Process Development and Implementation
CREO orien cetearans CMB darasl bore wa talc
Perse vertcenent ¢ Performance Management/Project Accounting
PRS TaDets sre Terns rs * Maintain Service Relationships
Professional Experience

Finance and Operations Manager , 03/2015 to 09/2016 Company Name 1% City , State

Asenior business partner participating in the development of the strategic direction, leadership, management and growth of the organization. Key
accomplishments include:

© Led the 2016 strategic planning process (Oct 2015) resulting ina detailed 2016 delivery plan for all departments with a 3yr outlook.
Developed a timely and accurate financial and operations reporting package to management highlighting business issues, potential risks and
pce lme ly neuen Lec

Developed budget and forecasting models and metrics (including rates, utilization and global cash management analysis)

* Recommended innovative altermatives to generate revenue and reduce unnecessary costs resulting in revised business and contract
negotiation practices.

Negotiated and reviewed business contracts with profitability and financial success in mind resulting in accelerated AR collections and
increased cash opportunities.

¢ Ensure company and individual compliance in all countries where performing work (visas, statutory and tax filmgs).

© Researched and impkrrented a robust 401K plan for US employees resulting in a 35% savings over previous plan.

Chief Financial Officer , 03/2000 to 05/2014 Company Nam i’ City , State

An executive business partner participating in the strategic leadership, management and growth of the company spanning over 14 years. Initially
keading the company's turnaround initiative to growing the business from $8M with offices in two countries to over S80M with offices, registrations
and personnel in over 25 countries. Grew the Finance and Accounting fimction from 4 people in two countries to a filly international fiction with
gobal staffing in three regions supporting the workl-wide organization. As a member of the executive leadership and management tears since
2001 participated in the creation and implementation of the company's corporate strategy and policies. Key accomplishments Include:

Execttive Leadership:

© Served as key contributing member to Leadership and Executive teansA

© Strategic planning partner

© Led and managed the M&A activity for company (3 in total with the final resulting ina company acquisition).
© Served as company Secretary/Treasurer

¢ Served on the Board of Directors

Business Development:

© Led company financial tumaround initiative

© Successfillly grew business by 24% year over year (including 51% in 2011, 31% in 2012, and 16% in 2013)
© Led the international expansion process resulting in 8 offices and 25 country registrations around the globe

© MultinationalMulti-currency/Multi Business Unit ERP Implementation

Financial Management:

¢ Multimilion-dollar global P&L management

© Managed international finance fimction with multiple business unit reporting and analysis including heavy foreign exchange and multi-currency
Bly oat)

¢ Led and managed annual strategic global planning process

© Led annual budgeting and forecasting process and on-going management
