FINANCE MANAGER,

Summary

Ability to communicate effectively to customers, management and staff Establish rapport with clients from diverse socio-economic and ethnic
backgrounds. Ability to deal with crisis in a calm, professional manner.

Highlights

Team leadership

Accomplished in relationship selling
Friendly and cheerful
Approachable

Proven saks track record

[Con meraats

Exceptional time management
yXaloo eso oct aes] oy

Sales managenent

schivor anes
Finance Manager 01/2013 i 03/2016 Company Name City , State

Lasco Ford.

As the ead finance manager my responsibilities were numerous.

My prinmry responsibility is to represent the dealership and abide by all the kegal and ethical guidelines set forth under Federal Law.

T aslo present all available products to 100% of the purchasing customers 100% of the time. exphin all the benefits unique to each available
peceuelna a

T amresponsible for gathering all the appropriate documentation required from each lending institution for each individual customer.
Corer ROME es rer euuiencs leon cd valneke esl eihiem

T have build lasting and ethical relationships with my Buyers and Organizational Representatives.

T have been professionally trained in Menu Sellng by Gerry Gould AAGI.

I amatko part of additional Finance Manager formats such as Finance Showroom

New Car Sales.

Al Serra Buick/GMC.

T assisted customers with their New vehicle purchase/Lease with excellent counseling and product knowledge.

I maintained a Customer Survey Index CSI of 100% (4.0) in the Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet and GMC divisions.

Along with the 4.0 customer CSI also was current with all the General Motors training available for the compkete GM 2012-2013 product
Line-Up.

Thad compkte working knowledge ofall General Motors programs needed to maximize customer Rebate offers, as well as the ability to
COE a ae cc MIalaeeUnL eee UCR Ome Re ctl ott em

I was 2nd in the entire dealership for F& I penetration at $1050 per/copy.

Answered customers’ questions regarding products, prices and avaihbility.Emphasized product features based on analysis of customers’
needs.Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.

Assistant Sales Manager/Sales 01/2007 i 01/2009 Company Name City , State

CMe Eze eie Peon Ocean
* [assisted customers with the purchase/lease of'a new or pre-owned vehicle, by maintaining the knowledge of the current purchase/lease

options offered by the manufacture.

© I maintained the best product knowledge of the entire product line.

T also assisted the New/Used Car Manager with the daily activities of the both departments to include lot and inventory management, deal
structure and closing .

© Ihek the most certifications ofall the sales associates.

I completed all courses available from Lead Management, Commercial Vehicle sales, Leaf Vehicle Sales Leader, and all product
veh caleem istic

IO cic e @nrcnin isa

Cpor BLA

I assisted customers with the purchase of the perfect Recreational Vehicle for their furily.

Extreme product knowledge was required due to a multiple line inventory, and floor plan availability.

I was consistently in the top 10 ofthe sales force with volume and gross production.

Assistant Used Car Manager/Sales 01/2000 i 01/2005 Company Name City , State

Bill Fox Chevrokt.

T assisted customers with their vehicle purchase/lease.

Through excellent counseling and product knowledge.

T also assisted the Used Car Manager with the daily activities of the Used Car Departrrent.

I was consistently awarded "The legion of Leaders" award from General Motors for my ongoing excellent CSI marks and product training.
