FINANCE MANAGER
Summary

Or Sess SUE eam anata re emCo MLN LM amie bc iE omen mcad al Bellcore croc Rc CecletaLl
specializing in the sale of Automobiks while providing the necessary financing packages to potential customers. Strong customer skills and the
ability to handle task with accuracy and efficiency with a unique ability to relate to diverse clients and close high-dollar sales. Knowledgeable and
innovative finance, sakes and marketing professional whose success is based on integrity, exceptional customer service, efficiency and ambition.
Results-focused management professional offering 20 years of progressive keadership experience. Transforms high-potential staff into outstanding
leaders who demonstrate the creativity and sawyy that is critical to financial and operational success. Highlights Supervision and traming Excellent
communication skills Skilled negotiator Established track record of exceptional sakes Cross-fimetional team management results Sound judgment
Energetic Calm under pressure Resolution-oriented Effective Retail Sales Manager

a ranen

Personal Information

Insurance License for the state of Louisiana. Skills Automobile Financing, Negotiating Goal Se ing Customer Service Creative Problem Solving
SaksTrainer Selling Closmg Developing and Implementing Processes

aS

automobiles, charts, credit, customer satisfaction, customer service, Finance, financing, financial, focus, graphs, negotiations, profit, sales, Sales
and Management, seminars, strategic, time management, employee training

PXcGreoes Pionrateny

* Recently acquired Life, Accident and Health Insurance License, along with my Property and Casualty Insurance License for the state of
Louisiana, Skills Automobile Financing. Negotiating Goal Se ing Customer Service Creative Problem Solving SakesTrainer Selling Closing
Developing and Implementing Processes

Experience
December 2013
Cen eR C NO NMS ee Dilncn Anatom

¢ March 2014 As the Finance rmnager I submi ed loan applications to banks to obtain financing for customers along with compkting all the
necessary bank and state documrnts necessary for the purchase ofautomobiks.

ES sedis salen COM Cucumis ari edna rot orc enlace pocstiaicorins Ruban kes rangt 4]
sce Te Epicor coeiaa lout wm ier eid Ob ugeuertcren cane kerry

SE asus ecm eRe aeke Cure unesneeeRurcKeinam acon eke sree R GRU ie Uince ct nec

PeeWee Com Maciancee OR CoCaunines ouictes aa) coker ce

Biclnceb brace tuo numer ition ara

Oh oncom ed
ee Nae aOR ope U lana

© December 2013 My responsibilities consisted of securing bank loans for the purchase ofnew and used automobiks.

* Compketing all necessary documents required by the lending institutions along with all state required paperwork for the purchase of
BT bel Lew

© The sakes ofaflermarket warranty and maintenance products that added to the bo om Ine of my department.

© Initiated programs that standardized employee training and Ied to an increase in customer satisfaction.

© Managed team of up to 18 professionak.

Ny Aice A0D CO)
ee NaNO MNase Eliana

* November 2012Responsbilities included securing loans for the purchase ofnew and used autonnbiks, along with competing all necessary
sate and bank documents necessary for the purchase of automobiks.

Se OSS sedis) eal ee Coe le caLCCUb ALC Brlilcece NCuMa Mics an Rete nen mu enaraciocnt rer
income to my departments bo om line.

© Educated customers on the variety of loan products and availabk credit options.

CR elestece aces Celm (OR yee lesc eta cm

eR orcRinlou ance O Moi ani oniimuncces beens om ngcoriinane

© Initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 15%.

Atco WANs)
Company Name City , State Sales Manager

¢ August 2012Managed team of 10 of professionals.

* Directed strategic initiatives to achieve dealership sakes objectives Increased profits by developing, initiating, and implementing training
designed to grow and develop a knowledgeable and competent sales team

© Initiated programs that standardized employee training and Ied to an increase in customer satisfaction and increased saks performance.

© Hired and trained all sales staff for new store location.

CABO acKer nom Maaincen Oke CCarniies oatcte al cote (ce
