FINANCE OFFICER

rls Soom ceae edi increasing BIR income tax collections RUBE RCRA UT ne ual lee Puna com tones E Oey. treettte
SR aLcL Ol wom comic) Sere ieee budget management. Outstanding organization skills and excellent communication skills. PPE
oriented and dependable team aad

RY

Masi scay
arse lisse COVARIANT
Lean seit oa OF NEST

Managed working fimds of the office.

Maintained general ledger of the office.

eral eka celeone Reena | Lee tecutmae ltr

Reviewed financial status to ensure there are no (ices ae

Prepared monthly financial statements such as Hs oto gl ohccnrsnamattr ett eye ho ueselpidoct a raueraliat ene

Prepared annual budget analysis and proposal.

secba sane Oe tasty

aU Subst ebelcuscccat Eoin te payabks.

Assisted internal auditors during audits,

ha Las Eons tine BIT acer eee tte] complied accordingly with generally rec oe Eslemella ln ed srs nt 0) om

Maintained and regularly updated La eaze a merat eran er aoe

Handkd maintenance and procurement of office ccTitrareie Rei corer ee

bere vecar enone present consisting of computation of kave eels gent arin records, and leave of absences,
Attended various travel shows to promote the Ui DEL Loaied coe trent ert VAS

Handied logistics during big events such as finding the right venue, caterers, ees eatranmcoltine Ratt rn Bleek ee

Organized familiarization tours el Cur hichesn Tatar eet} PIS Tsar ecce ps1 eM eae Rca non attr ny

a a ed

BROT Srvc ame ang
Company Name 4€“ City, State

See shin ccbocohntnee Birrell oes

¢ Entertained visitors of the Tourism Director.

* Answered phone inquiries and mailed brochures and tanned nears etter h
© Processed personnel record consisting of computation of kave credits,

* Assisted on various fimctions of the office when needed.

Finance Officer and Acting BIR Representative , 06/1985 to 12/1993
Company Name a€“ City , State

Managed Consulate fimds EMCI OUIRU UIE srry

© Transferred finds among other utah metre MIRCHI) per transaction,

* Coordinated activities for fiscal agents Cer Sg cule oth nen stg Po Sei N ae ns Lenny enter PANT rey st col
San Francisco.

Dealt with local banks and other Finance Officers within San Francisco in particular and the whole USA in general,

Handled accounts payabk.

Prepared monthly financial report such as CT SELL Ru ator cies raters en Teconciliation,

He cdccs Enna bane ete Nas Deegan ent ari eee ge ds CUCM Lcnanae sect ment erreng rai cort |
statement of working finds,

* Checked and receipted daily collections and Pes eatice Kell margaret om

eccuccob Siren meme ee RteT a

Pccotuis scram LSE ORT Lo}
Company Name &€“ City

SLC bi itl ponent Foreign Service posts such as New York, Stockholm, Pakistan and San Francisco.

eee SR uicto dicots eh cele ans Eves irantenad i ace

See ES LOR Enea eee atee tee] ambassadors.

* Acted as Finance Officer of UNGA ee R NA vareecr er Assembly) and UNCLOS (United Nations Law of the Sea).
SMe acelin ce by enema yom

bea esT hon
Compkted US Individual Income Tax Course by H& R Block 1982 - Passed, Philippine CPA Board Exam: 1 1994
Esto Rosai nmcRh Ql rece Palco a ea}
