DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Executive Profile

Dynamic, results-oriented Controller with over 25 years of experience, demonstrating expertise in financial reporting and analysis. Strong track
record in creating and impkmenting intemal controk, to reduce the risk of fraud, exposure and loss. Created SOD to increase efficiency and set
standards for compliance within the finance department. Applied testing processes and procedures to improve financial operations. Hands on

Manager who is effective at creating a team environment. Proficient plus in all aspects of General Ledger, BS and P&L financial reporting. Well
versed in treasury management and reporting across numerous industries as well as intemal and external audits and regulatory compliance.

Skill Highlights
Financial Management

Financial Reporting and Analysis
Maintain’Update General Ledger
Bhreatnsa Alison unt

&—Process Improvement & Finance Controlsa— Implementation

Sarbannes-Oxky Compliance

* Onck Financials A—i—
(C/Py Nee tilacneseel alt oe Carel ds ae cy

es A ¢ Asset Keeper
Sales Commission Analysis A een |
- 0 © Excel2013

Sakes D&A analysis nnearen
Inventory Reconciliation BS

© PeopkSoft
lOTiom ie shes © Excel2013

« MSOffice
SN re BW Einar orrenael
Staff Training & Management

&—Accounts Payable & Receivable
lO ctPaccoselesiiatr cela
State Reporting incl. Sales Tax Filings

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Developed financial controls that successfully scaled as the company grew in annual revenues. Hired and trained a defined accounting department
and established SOD to reduce risk of fraud and exposure.

Successfilly managed annual audits in which no material weakness were noted by auditors. Assisted in accelerating month end closing processes
to the Sth business day of every month. Provided timely and accurate financial reports on operating entities. Negotiated discount tenvs with
Vendors not currently offering. Recaptured 100K+ of lost D&A costs and created/rechassed accounts for better analysis and financial reporting for
sakes team. Worked with plant manager and department heads to create Purchase order template and approval controls to reduce lost time and
money. Worked in creating AR processes to ensure timely collection ofall accounts falling into the 30 day and over buckets.

Professional Experience
December 2014 to Current
Company Name City , State Director of Fmance

Providing effective financial leadership by developing and implementing efficient accounting controls, segregation of duties and defined roles within
the accounting department. Enable strategic foresight into the business by modeling, planning and executing financial processes. Reduce risk,
exposure and loss, specifically with D&A by establishing cost effective ways to track and measure financial impact. Providing knowledgeable and
accurate financial reporting to management. Execute accounts receivable reporting enhancements for timely collections. Ensure firm account
reconciliations as well as continually addressing and resolving unexpected variances. Complete monthly bank reconciliations. Assist CFO with daily
sakes reporting and analysis.

AT MNO R OD cos naman
Company Name City , State Assistant Controller/Accounting Manager

Manage all accounting operations, financial close, financial reporting and reconciliations. Prepare, review and present accurate financial statements
