FINANCE SPECIALIST
Summary

Highly motivated and results-oriented professional with two years of experience in high-pressure finance and accounting environments. Innovative
and adaptive thinker who constantly seeks to improve efficiencies and profitability

Highlights
Pea Clecieeerite sls)

fala " Advanced Excel

. Financial Ba : Salesforce

’ aaiebaitine sie Ceci onscgcce trite)
ccount reconciliation © 10-Qand 10-K

Accomplishments

© Reduced cost of processing payments in accounts payabks by 95% from approximately $1.00 per check to $0.05 per payment
© Team kader for new development process, Purchase Loan Accounting, and implementation of supporting SaaS, Evolv. Added $300,000
oPrrenliim nae mem yeni Meh Lee sled By

schivor anes
09/2014 to Current
Finance Specialist Company Name - City , State

Added detail-oriented, results-driven, and efficient mindset to Finance team of five.

Accounts payable, prepaid expenses, and fixed assets.

Acquisition of Riverside Bank in December 2014 that increased total assets from $550 million to $850 million.

Purchase Loan Accounting - M&A process that generated an additional 40% of monthly income:

On the job kaming opportunity that greatly improved troubkshooting and problem solving skills.

Team leader in the implementation and use of software from Primatics Fmancial (Evoly).

Coordinated with consultants, Prinatics Financial staff, and coworkers to meet all project deadlines.

Wrote procedures for monthly processing of Purchase Accounting and how to use the software.

Responsible for the calculation of the fair value of the Acquired Loan Portfolio for regulatory reporting.

10-Q and 10-K proofing, editing, and updating of financial tables led to the development ofa strong ability to interpret key business

Peso IaIE ace tained

© SNL Implementation: team keader in use of SNL web-based software (SaaS) that resulted ina live feed of general kedger data to be
analyzed and transformed to a reportable format without reliance on Access databases.

© Investment activity

© General edger and bank account reconciliations.

04/2014 to 08/2014
Deposit Operations Associate Company Nam - City , State

© Four month bid with Deposit Operations department to gain an introduction to banking.

© Daily activities: Items processing, ACH file verification, and incoming/outgoing wire operations.
* General kedger reconciliations.

© Wrote and updated procedures.

09/2012 to 05/2013

Accounting Associate Company Name - City, State

Accounts payable / receivable process

Worked independently to set up an automated 1099 process in accounting system, Inacct.

Interacted with IRS representatives and researched regulations in regards to 1099-INT/MISC requirements.
Reconciled lending bank account and booked principal and interest for loans receivable.

Used Salesforce (core software) to upload lending activity to Intacct (financial software).

Booked realized and unrealized FX gains, losses and hedging adjustments.

Revaluated principal outstanding in foreign currencies due to monthly exchange rate fluctuations.

Worked closely with Controller to produce financial statements through accounting software (Intacct) and not excel.
Ensured consistency and accuracy of data relayed across multiple departments

07/2012 to 08/2012
Ov nnMeGe icine Gee sctven cen

* Volunteered in Guatermh to help a Microfinance organization improve community outreach.
¢ Performed marketing and sales campaigns with local entrepreneurs in rural communities.
© Empowered individuals by providing access to vital and affordable products (ie. glasses, water filters, and solar products)
