ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Professional Overview
Skilled accounting professioan!
Skill Highlights
© Budgeting and forecasting
Ci atelitesea al
Paerenttom hao
Polairaticretseescccrarll

Bret esttcrs ti)
Hyperion

LO} ita a

[o7.N

Professional Experience
05/2013 to Current
Assistant Director of Finance Company Name iA City , State

Assist in oversight of the month end close for the Select Managed hotels and the Genpact team, including validation of the payroll journal
BiRelro mercy

Review and assist hotel General Managers with preparation of annual budgets.

Manage the relationship with the owner of 10 ofour managed hotels, including reporting, forecasting and month end close related questions.
Responsible for monthly and quarterly reconciliations.

Main point of contact for Select Hotel Hyperion needs from the other Assistant Directors of Finance, the Select RVPs, the HSS teamand
the General Managers.

Build reports and tools to help the General Managers in their duties.

Created reports to roll up data for review by the Director of Finance and other Assistant Directors of Finance.

Streamlined monthly Health and Welfare journal entries booked for the Full Service hotels our team oversees.

Assisted in the preparation of documents in the sale of 50+ hotels.

Provided feedback and performed testing in Phase I and Phase II of the change in our financial systems.

Participated in training of our General Mamagers upon the rollout of the new financial systerrs.

09/2010 to 05/2013
Planning and Analysis Manager Company Name 14 City , State

Maintained and updated a Daily Revenue report for the Select Managed and Franchised hotels.

Created a weekly and monthly roll up of Smith Travel data for all North America Full Service and Select Service hoteb.
Loaded monthly Full Service and Select Service Franchise actuals data during month end to Hyperion.

ay Get espace eT enURG LEB Ome uation ecniaietientl Le ce

Prepared annual budget for the Full Service and Select Service Franchise hotels.

Assisted in review and preparation of the Select Service Managed hotel budgets.

[Ke Mo cckism wee ticneD reo OMem ee rslceesne bere (ae Beene bay ttce

Provided support for Select Operations teams: F&B, Rooms, Revenue Management, Sales.

Created analytical reports for Select Operations for their use.

Prepared monthly/quarterly owner reporting packages.

SPU Tb e200
Senior Analyst Company Name i City , State

* Assisted in preparation of the Corporate Managerent Review package.

* Prepared monthly Balance Sheet and P&L analysisA on the Lodging Segment for the Consolidations team.

Assisted in training sessions, data gathering, data input and budget review with the corporate department heads of the Business Unit during
the annual budget process.

© Reviewed Management Agreements for new hotels to identify possible financial impacts that would need to be accounted for.

® Worked closely with the Corporate Accounting team to manage the close and review of monthly financials.

© Worked with RVPs on finalizing pre-opening budgets and spend on Full Service hotels.

01/2006 to 07/2008
Senior Consolidations Accountant Company Name 1 City , State

© Consolidations contact person for regional offices that head operations in EAME, ASPAC and Latin America.

© Responsible for the coordination and clean up of the international entities’ consolidations processes.

© Coordinate the project ofsetting up over twenty intermtional entities’ ledgers to autormtically feed into the Hyperion.
© Prepare various stand-alone financial statements and related footnotes for individual hotels and companies.

Assist in the preparation and review of the quarterly and year-end financial statements.

COST PAU UR Cont PAU
General Ledger Accountant Company Name if City , State

¢ Responsible for monthly billings to all Domestic hotels for various expenses paid by the parent company.
© Reconcile outstanding unbilled balances and coordinate with appropriate individuals for the preparation of hotel allocations of the expenses
paid on their behalf
