FINANCE OFFICER

Professional Summary

Bilingual self-starter with broad customer service background. Skilled in developing relationships and providing exceptional individualized service.
As wellas an enthusiastic, resourcefill recent graduate with academic and professional background. Ability to establish priorities and meet
ora anne hest mess

Skills

4€¢ Excellent attention to details

A€¢ Fluent in Spanish A€¥¢ Excellent skills nA Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPointA

A€¢ Excellent driving skills A

Aras icon

STU C Rete vcne

Finance officer Company Name a€“ City , State

© Monitor the financial system of Grant Answers by using Turbo Cash and Microsoft Excel.
PEP CSSA Lica onaMalbcheauam

¢ Prepare income statements and balance sheets.

© Maintained integrity of general edger, including the chart of accounts.

¢ Optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key business leaders.

04/2014 to Current

10/2012 to 11/2013
Sales Associate Company Name a€“ City , State
04/2012 to 10/2012
Saks Associate Company Name a€“ City , State

© Trained and supervised seasonal employees on job fimction, company's policies/procedures,

PC nem O OMB Lon CHAN nMUa Rann nese cae kinunesteporiec mln iecs

Helped customers with questions, problems and comphints in person and via telephone.

Organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store.

Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising lyouts.

Educated customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company's mission and values,

Shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store's efficiency.

09/2011 to 11/2013
Secretary/Senator Company Name a€“ City , State

Provided administrative and executive Sec Piven celam obra censtice i operated smoothly for the senators and the executive board by

aegA AAAAA Created charts and power points with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint to organize and update meetings, committee
Roaree WatrtReljeataizs vena nyN

07/2011 to 07/2012

Sales Associate Company Name a€“ City , State

CMB eKo loot a naira eae SOR ocd pbroctcke carci cid
¢ Processed shipment deliveries and restocked clothing and accessories.
© Organized, displayed and processed thorough knowledge regarding the merchandised offered for sake.

01/2010 to 01/2013
Volunteer Company Name a€“ City , State

¢ Committed to community services with free financial literacy serrinars to improve low income communities by educating teenagers and
reine ce tien
© Volunteered at soup kitchens, commumity clean up and at schook.

PLU Sek ets vang
