FINANCE DIRECTOR
Summary

Marketing Manager accomplished in all aspects of campaign development, including copywriting and editing, list selection, emmil, social media
marketing and production. Excited to grow with a company that is innovative, groundbreaking and revolutionary in the fields of journalism and
social media.

Education

2015

Bachelor of Arts : Journalism Southem Illinois University i City, State , US
viv

Associate of Arts : Creative Writing Lincoln College i City , State , US
Bec Bowcr anes

Advocate , Sisters Interacting Successfilly August "12 -'14
Center of Inclusive Excellence, Southern Illinois University A
SROs Eon ccom eM RONe mon pam igre etree Mt cantieg

¢ Create programming that would aid in the esteem and retention of SIS participants
BEB So ec rec Bim CUR ConCe eb ecetimeK ites scm

Vice President , Blacks Interested in Business August '13 - '14

CO ROBART CEB LR OAR OLY RSIS

Managed the progress of committee chairs, while maintaining positive professional relationships with other organizations on campus.
Serve as contact personal for the Minority Student Leadership Council

Speaker of the House during service events

Pingo nn GTC LR On gute srs nn eon hile oie Basia

A
Finance Director , Minority Student Leadership Council October '12

RYO B LOY oRYi be

¢ Liaison between Blacks Interested in Business and the Council.

Ce lecBtrelctoneeacanice Rsuensom ital teen (acon

Allocated the councils finances to different committees for a productive annual conference
Ensured financial responsibilities were beng met ona weekly basis.

Advocated for the council for finding from the university , raised $2000.

rN
Fundraising Director , Blacks INterested in Business August '12

CORO MTL EB LOR OLY ORLIS

¢ Created Back Businessmen Banquet, that honored minority entrepreneurs ftom Carbondak, IL.

© Hosted product sales of merchandise for the organization.

Se eR mB Ue CU MLO ccs it cca Rulnaterieclcerten etn vicalivadewer haem bem rslerm cence @S0 0)
without hesitation.

Experience
10/2012
Finance Director Company Name i City , State

¢ Liaison between Blcks Interested in Business and the Council.

PES clnBinarisnecara ch enssersumir enone

© Allocated the councils finances to different committees for a productive annual conference
¢ Ensured financial responsbilities were being met ona weekly basis.

PP uclc Rom rreolnal bom linchsient penile ame lcce R00 Um
