USGS ENO ENG Ke
Summary
Seeking the position of Commercial Underwriter II where I may employ my expertise in Special Finance Management, Cost & Risk Analysis
(LTV & DTN), Structured Negotiations, and Audit Controls. Providing the company with the highest level of strategic services and profitability.
Highlights

© Strong management skills in strategic planning, organizational re-engineering, budget analysis, process, productivity, and quality

improvenent.
© Talented in keading and developing business opportunities and marketing strategies to maximize profitability.

Accomplishments

Phi Beta Kappa Honor Society

schivor anes

Company Name December 2011 to February 2014 Special Finance Manager
lena El CG

Managed and directed overall special finance administration and operation of autompbile dealership.

Achieved an average 202 sales per month (126 new cars) 57% rise in overall sakes within the first 3 months.

Re-engineered management methods which streamlined operations and increased sales.

Conducted ongoing analyzes to evahute the efficiency, quality and productivity of operations.

Increased dealerships rating to #1 Dealer in the district and #1 in sales in the North East Texas Region; which significantly increased overall
profitability for the company.

Developed and implemented employee relations programs to increase morak, productivity and efficiency.

Encouraged and supported a teant like work environment.

Affer taking over special finance management position, increased the SSI (sales satisfaction index) from the mid 80's to 96%.

Worked extensively with media personnel to coordinate advertising for print and radio.

Developed, directed and monitored comprehensive communications and advertising programs through implementation of various media
designed to achieve desired results.

¢ Organized, coordinated and implemented company’s advertising and marketing strategies into everyday operations.

© Set up and arranged special activities and events to promote the company and its services.

© Managed and administered a $25,000 monthly advertising budget.

Company Name July 2007 to December 2011 Dealer Relationships Manager (DRM)
lena El CG

© July 2007 - December 2011 Marketing and sales of the companies underwriting guidelines and programs in specific markets of Chrysler
Dodge Jeep RAM dealerships.

© Securing financial lending opportunities for Chrysler Financial Corporation in the areas of retail finance, wholesale/floor planning finance, and

Lees

Managed dealer accounts, assisted in the loan process, acted as a liaison between dealerships and the corporate offices.

Maintained account management software, produced month end reports.

Provided training on all Chrysler Financial programs and initiatives.

Managed dealer accounts through physical visits, phone calls, emnik, faxes and follow up.

(Kee hmlet treme cP one iecee Oe lEl Lee ecg elise

Conducted sales and finance presentations to demonstrate use of company products.

Maintained compkte confidentiality of all dealerships and Chrysker Fimancial Corporation.

Company Name June 2001 to May 2007 Senior LBM Manager
lena El CG

eee emu habn ane melee oeiniou menaced eM iiboen bes iromectoal brill pucmere tiem
Researched and resolved complex customer inquiries and issues.

Developed business process and billing procedures for the Large Business Market Billing departrent.

Trained and informed Billng Team on system modifications and procedural updates.

Key player in creating new processes and systems during deregulation of the Texas electrical market.

Knowledgeable in the rules and regulations of the Texas deregulated energy market including ERCOT processes, Ekectronic Data
Interchange (EDI) transactions and Public Utilities Commission regulations.

CEO reek Mliolinera Ick SOC CeM ET OMuice LET ECH@e Mucky See Rem Ne eb OIL LeiCe

* Market price analysis of indexed priced electricity in the commodities exchange arena.

© Lead Auditor and process writer for ISO 9001 compliance.

Company Name November 1995 to May 2001 Senior Market Analyst EES
lena El CG

© Managed, analyzed, and administered a multimillion dollar budget for operating expenditures in the energy services large business and trade
Parle ms
