OPERATIONS AND FINANCE MANAGER

Communication Skills - Proven ability to produce formal written reports with the subheadings of Tabke of Contents, Executive Summary,
Statement of Purpose, Observations, Conclusions and Recommendations. Like reading a chapter ina textbook Possess well-developed skills with
interpersonal customer relations, e-mnils, group presentations *Analytic Abilities - Expert level proficiency using Microsoft Office applications
Excel, Word, Access, Power Point, Visio. Proven understanding of relational database concepts, Microsoft Outlook. Microsoft Certified SQL
Sequel Server, VBA coding, Creating, administering and modifying compkx reporting applications to provide vital reporting fimctions to middle,
senior and executive management *Professional Job Experience *Collections / Supervisory - Over ckeven years experience Manager of
Colkctions and Enforcement Branches supervising and managing two branches, with elven employees, of the of the Oklahoma Tumpike
Authority regarding mcorring and outgoing collection calls and collection issues. Semi Annual performance appraisals. Performing RFP bids for
‘Third Party Collections. Pursuing insurance chims for darmges to Tumpike Property. *Credit / Business Analysis - Over eleven years banking
CAC Lennon een ied cue cenamedn yaa leteale arent ieee Iw Cerrar coma mene or ccad Kent
for five years I was rep for Senior Loan Committee, participated and led reviews of correspondent banks and Iending divisions, examining and
analyzing financial statements, tax retumts and collateral docurentation. Two years of my banking experience working was with the Credit
Administration department. My computer skills, especially with database applications, enabled me to manage and monitor large volures of
important financial data such as exceptions to policy, adequacy of loan loss reserves, compliance with loan agreements and adequacy of collateral
coverage, to nane a few. Four years was spent analyzing, administering and approving both direct and indirect loans within my retail loan approval
authority. *Budget & Forecasting - Two years experience in Federal Institution administering, evaluating and reporting compliance witha $700
million labor budget. Reported monthly, in writing and in person Q&A to department management, Senior Management and base Commander
(yikes). *Self Employed -

Experience

Operations and Finance Manager 03/2014 to Current Company Nane City, State

¢ Responsible for Successfill Deployment of ScoopDog project.

¢ Coordinate activities between manufacturing, design and sales/fulfillment functions.

Create and mintain Facebook, Business Facebook, Kickstarter and Website applications.
¢ Produce pricing studies, projections and support for analysis.

© Manage Financial, Accounting and Legal advisors.

Financial Analyst 06/2012 to 05/2013 Company Name City , State

Compile Year End Financial Statements,

Check Writing Authority.

Ce NOONE NAGE O me eo KCaceme an eeten taba let
Balance and maintain cash accounts,

Interface for government regultory agencies.

Labor Budget Analyst 11/2010 to 06/2012 Company Nane City , State

Pee ni gee ou Comal ue Ieee Roar eon inane eM runom ere ikuen a areomy THN Brrl eneslnerd ate cote atrs
Gifferent divisions at Tinker Air Force Base in Midwest City, Okh.

Se Aan en aan gi ecUnesnn EM Wc mec emcees dian cee moO ns geen rane a ne ca ag
guidelines,

SERS eM Rc a eee Rrte dV acon gO liced (cd ACM CMI) RO Tee OUTRUN Todo Onraeteerreng
including Table of Contents, Footnotes, Executive Summury etc.

© Participate in departmental budgeting process PIKEPASS Call Center.

Manager of Collections and Enforcement 04/1999 to 11/2010 Company Name City , State

Peo cuca tnguaseona cde hep w ono mcinarsscinei eke ocuans intra ekuanr) atecRsarranits| ranted
appraisal, hiring, firing etc.

ee ito eel LU oaital Nace ioe lea Codie hans RGT Serotec Corea corm Eran eet st
Ot ee eee leu eomectctrceR LOS VWs) La

Received and resolved escalated calls daily from patrons regarding collection issues.

Successfillly demonstrated research skills using Microsoft Office (Excel, Access, Word) to provide formal written reports to management
including Table of Contents, Footnotes, Executive Summnry etc.

SO Kenan oe am mute le RECA cart Vcavee id ueaeuernen serene

Skshed abandoned call rate by more than 60% by evaluating workflow of call center, analyzing problem areas and making
rome Re Herne ce Omrarsyeann ana

Revolutionized RFP bidding process by creating and implementing technique that assigned relative numerical values to individual bids for
RUM eS OM ONE INEOnloulenPNcaneA

Cr

ee

.

Assistant Administrator 09/1986 to 02/1999 Company Name City , State

© Credit Underwriter, Indirect Underwriter, Credit Admin, Loan Review.
¢ Produce and monitor annual budget process with Supervisor.
SEE eke col cbr nisii an eGo nen B ace ecne en ick m laksa kno oomena ences
