CONTRACTS AND FINANCE OFFICER
Professional Profile

COeiacr@aaeeO ico

Exceptional Payroll Administrator with a background in finance seeks to provide administrative, accounting and payroll support to an energetic
Treen ccRe we erneRe emit ate

Detail-oriented, efficient and organized Contract and Finance Officer with extensive background in community-based organizations secks to bring
strong work ethic and engaging interpersonal communication to a vibrant nonprofit company.

Offer expertise in European Development Fund (EDF) Payment and Contract procedures, financial management and accounting procedures and a
keen business sense that combine to deliver sustainable results in Project Management .

Qualifications
© Record-keeping
Sue ¢ Independent worker
¢ Financial Management Aa eeeeere
* Project Cyole Management Perret et cr
© Accounting Procedures
¢ Payment/Contract Procedures Microsoft applications
Ce sire nuast sees
Be BB yield Programme Managerent
¢ Productivity Improverrent
© Quality Control Progranme Estimtes/Grant
© Filing/Archiving/Docurentation ae A p
Pay etre TOMPRO/TOMFED/TOMON Financial Accounting Software for EDF projects and programs
Certificate in Filng, Archiving & Documentation
lWrlonk One a Votrstncn ana.
Relevant Experience

Transitioned bookkeeping fiction from external to in-house to increase efficiency and lower cost

Simplified payroll processing procedure to increase department productivity by 20 %.

Worked with human resources to develop streamlined way to track paid time off

Experience
Contracts and Finance Officer 12/2008 to 08/2014 Company Name City

e Ensure accuracy and compkteness ofall payments, recovery and related financial dossiers at both the incoming and outgoing stage.
¢ Processing payment dossiers for efficient implementation of EDF Projects.

Liaise with the European Commission Delegation (ECD) Projects and partners on all matters relating to the financial aspects of EDF
resources including payments, recoveries and procedures.

Maintain control cards and other financial and accounting records necessary for the management of EDF resources.

Update guarantee records and bring up guarantee and action dates.

Initiate and advise on project/programme closures and de-commitments.

Check for correctness ofall tenders, contracts, riders and programme estimates.

Verify and validate all payment dossiers for compliance with EDF ruks and regulations.

Keep up-to-date EDF ruks and regulations and disseminate to users.

Reno aim ancomeacalve ean yibem

Co-managed Support Project Draw up programme estimates and tender documents Prepare salary vouchers and circulate pay slips
Maintain Assets Register Assist in organizing and coordinating seminars, workshops and EDF training for staffand partners Update
