FINANCE AND OPERATIONS MANAGER
Summary
Dedicated to accurate, automated and systermtized flow of information Analytical accounting and bookkeeping professional with 12 years of
POON NCUIONUCLatecmiN ic HInILe MEMES GEN H mia Le“l Brat OciTenoe MehCIe ie ccLunis Melccemeiteniticetseiee lai
automation and financial control. Consistently exceed challenging business objectives. Demonstrated ability to provide comprehensive support for
executive-level staff Proven track record of accurately completing research and reporting to management. Adept at developing and maintaining
detailed pricing strategies (profit margin and cost analysis), forecasting, budgeting and inventory management. Noted efficiency in collections and
mmintaining current status of aging reports. Highly focused and organized in supporting complex, deadline driven operations; efficient and effective
in multi-task situations. Able to prioritize and achieve organizational objectives. Collaborated with CPA's and C-Level Management.
Highlights
Ce nesters
private
Brace riniated
COs
Microsoft Office System, QuickBooks, Microsoft Windows operating system, and Salesforce. Payroll services include: Brace riniated
Trax, ADP, Accuchex, Sure Payroll, Wells Fargo and Intuit. Participate in Intuit's Continuing Research Programconducting «Budget
case studies with QuickBooks software. Brel)
Car aceuneg
reconciliations
Caen rol ey
report
generation

Accomplishments
Accounting Skills A
¢ Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Pa
¢ Extensive experience with Financial Statements audits, reviews, compilations and audits for Governmental organizations (A- 133).
erence none

© Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payabk, accrued expenses and line of credit
fst Leis

schivor anes
Finance and Operations Manager
May 2010 to December 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Served as the primary financial support to the Executive Director managing a $1.2-1.7 million budget for a non-profit organization
iewalsnmbec thao mando ace Rania y

Prepared monthly financial statements, sales tax and payroll records.

Maintained Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable records and conducted reconciliations for both credit cards and bank statements.
Audited and reconciled three years of financial data left unresolved from previous accountant.

Reconstructed organizations records for all five bay area regions.

Compiled all supporting documentation in preparation for IRS audit and 990 Tax Filing,

Responsible for placing all orders to vendors; forecasting, developed strong vendor relations.

Loren cisinemce nina Omi Sls Ncdiee ce UrTecm Mee R@ eases) cer em ne ones

Kept track of approximately 75 Restricted Grants and released fimds when necessary.

Collaborated with five Regional Managers on Grant Obligations.

Updated and revised the Chart of Accounts.

* Bookkeeping Services - Various Bay Area locations.

Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures. Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account
reporting and reconciliations. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting
software. Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.Prepared financial and
regultory reports required by laws, regulations or boards ofdirectors.Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary
recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.

Full Charge Bookkeeper
REI pA RoR G Taras cling nti chy AON mECIT| Ce

© Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations. Evaluated accounting requirements during
