FINANCE DIRECTOR

Summary

Seasoned professional accountant with extensive experience in financial accounting in both private and public sector entities.A Recruited to
muttipke positions to restructure/reorganize/revitalize non-performing tearrs.A

Skills

Accounting, General Accounting,A Acquisitions, Budgeting, Controller, Cost Analysis and Analytical Reporting, Credit, Facilities Management,
Finance, Financial Reporting, Forecasting, Governmental Accounting, Human Resource, inventory, Leadership, Negotiations, Processes,
Sarbanes-Oxley

schivor anes

WAU PAGO Tacans

Finance Director Company Narre it City , State

Responsible for Accounting & Finance finctions including management of IT outsourcing vendor for $20 million government entity.
Moved IT fiction to outsourced vendor vs. fulltime employee, saving $34,000 in salary plus benefits and pension costs.

Developed monthly financial reporting to all department heads & elected officials, budgeting processing, account reconciliations.

Compile audit workpapers and manage audit process with extemal audit fim

Audit adjustments reduced from historic trend of 100 adjustments to 3 in audit most recently completed FY'16.

Support County Negotiations Committee in union negotiations for FOP and AFSCME contracts with cost analysis and competitive salary
Brrehucra alone bony

* Analyzed pension plans and educated County Board on interest cost of ECO plan. As a result, Board increased pension levy pension and
phn fimding increased from 80% to 93%, 53% to 85% and 0% to 94% during this period. Interest savings to Iroquois County taxpayers
during this period is $245,000.

01/2009 to 01/2012
Director of Finance & Human Resources Company Name i City , State

¢ First Human Resource & Accounting professional hired by 19 year old fitness equiprrent sales & repair company.

¢ Developed standard monthly financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting processes, account reconciliations.

© Compiled and coordinated tax retum with extemal CPA.

* Impkmented processes and procedures for numerous activities including, but not limited to, Travel & Expense Policy, Credit & Collection
Policy, Sales Order Process, Warranty & Customer Concessions Policy.

© Impkmnentation of Ava Tax Sales Tax software.

* Developed job descriptions and bench-marked current wages for all positions.

CO Fedele Cone ese ce)
Owner/Manager Company Name i City , State

CMe Siisivecce Ol ocetway si AMAt LUM

01/2005 to 01/2007
Controller Company Name 1 City , State

© World-wide corporate controller for $150 million software development company.

* Reorganized accounting department to meet the needs of dramatically increasing company, including four acquisitions in one year.

© Led and directed 14 member team including all accounting fimctions, state and federal tax returns, sales tax for 49 states, monthly financial
statements for venture capitalist owners and bank reporting as required by debt covenants.

* Wrote several position papers for software accounting treatment, reviewed by Emst & Young software team in Silicon Valley, CA.

OA Rene. ty
Accounting Manager Company Narre 1% City , State

© Manage team of 30 professional and clerical level accounting team members to meet corporate, SEC and IRS reporting requirerents.
© Progressive responsibility from $400 million System Products and seven employees to responsibility of $3.5 billion Controls Division and 30
employees.

Developed non-performing team into Chairman's Award winning departrent in five years.

Division was not meeting corporate reporting requirements including monthly, quarterly and annual deadlines, intercompany account
imbalances and other corporate measurements for timeliness and accuracy.

© Coached, counseled, mentored team to win Chairman's Award in 2003 for integration of $1.5 billion Integrated Facilities Management
Division.

Reduced Divisional Intercompany irbalance from over $1 Million per month to Iess than $10,000 within 12 months.

Developed Sarbanes-Oxley audit processes for General Accounting and Financial Reporting one year in advance of implementation
deadline.

© Processes utilized by Emst & Young-Milwaukee for other publicly traded customers.

© Reduced divisional close reporting for Services US division of 540 branches from five days to two days.

OT ROLE)
FXCat nea Elcom Aur NaN nL ALOIS MES HIe)
