PROGRAMME FINANCE ASSOCIATE

Professional Summary

Seeking a position where I can demonstrate my skills and contribute to an organization that offers professional growth. Being productive and add
value to the organisation through my knowledge and previous experiences Overview Certified project manager with two years experience in
Imaging projects according to PRINCE2 methodology. Civil engineering background. Two years experience in events organization (workshops,
conferences and awareness campaigns). Highly motivated in team and individual tasks, hard working and productive worker under pressure.
Practical experience of dealing with governmental and official entities. Outstanding communication skills with fluency in three hnguages. Good
knowkdge of international and development practices. Management and administrative professional. Peopk oriented with strong leadership
abilities. Excellent negotiation skils.

Skills

A Snes seen

SAU eA CRer vans

Programme Finance Associate Company Name 4€* City , State

¢ Ensured administration and implementation of programme/operations strategies, adapts processes and procedures focusing on achieverrent
of the following results: Full compliance with UN/UNDP ruks and regulations and other relevant policies on financial recording/reporting
systemand follow-up on audit recommendations; Implementation of effective internal controls, proper fimctioning ofa client-oriented
financial resources management system.

Provision of inputs for implementation of cost-saving and reduction strategies in consultation with the office management.

Preparation of cost sharing, trust find agreements, follow up on contributions within the CO resource mobilization efforts.

Ensures proper tracking of donor reporting and ensure with progranyprojects concerned that reporting is on time.

v3

ee er

Provided effective support to management of the CO programme, administration of budgets and fimctioning of the optimal cost-recovery
system focusing on achievement of the following results: Presentation of information for formuhtion of country programme work plans,
budgets, proposals on implementation arrangements and execution modalities.

Entry of data of new grants into Aths in the form of Annual Work Plans (AWPs), monitoring of their status,

Provision of guidance to the executing agencies on routine implementation of projects, tracking use of financial resources.

Accuracy verification of Combined Delivery Reports.

Provision of information for the audit of NIM/DIM projects, tracks implementation of audit recommendations.

Support the preparation of the Integrated Work Plan for the country office, under the supervision of the Deputy Country Director.
Ensuring that the project tree is properly set up in Aths, with projects linked to the correct outcomes Tracking of overall office indicators
Eire ana rune

Tracking and detailed reporting on mobilized resources.

© Ensure that GMS rates are properly charged to development projects.

Provides in puts in the preparation of cost-recovery bills in Aths for the services provided by, elaboration and implementation of the ncome
tracking system and follow up on cost recovery.

ER

© Provided accounting and administrative support to the Programme Finance Unit focusing on achieverrent of the following results: Timely

onculnen ate Re Rane Leelctic ce Wale

Ureeccs Re ROI Dm a ccetiCaen

Presentation of thoroughly researched information for planning of financial resources of The CO, reports containing analysis of the financial

Siitaibes

° 4,

¢ Ensured facilitation of knowledge building and knowledge sharing in the CO focusing on achievement of the following results: Systematic
gaining and sharing of knowledge and experience related to programme management.

PaO eesilbe re dichcs emboli eriet ce ure sre, yueritetchod cc b cone mina neineg nueuctingncelon ere CePA cecum

Synthesis of lessons leamed and best practices in programme finance.

Sound contributions to knowledge networks and communities of practice.

Cn

10/2008 to 05/2012
Programme Assistant Company Name

CER cr Beoueisieiites

PLR ree)
Blcerom Oe cance

© Teaching Italian Language as a foreign language.

01/1999 to 01/2002
ives raminamnescucaniny

© Tasks and responsibilities:.
¢ Office management, organization and documentation.
¢ Oversecing financial duties, including payrolls, budgets and spending,
