FINANCE ANALYST

Summary

Strategic and analytical finance professional with 4+ years of success in financial reporting, analysis and project management.
Skills

Oe rly rene ac Cr olainalticnecs esc or

CMa ileceemti slic) © MS Office Suite

* Complex problemsolving © _ Interpersonal skills

© Financial modeling © Leadership skills
Accomplishments

PHI SIGMA SIGMA SORORITY CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY October 2006 - June 2010.

Monitor event activities to ensure compliance with applicabk rules and satisfaction of participants, and resolution of any problems that arise.
Coordinate services for events, such as accommodation and transportation for participants, facilities, catering, signage, displays, special
needs requirements, printing and event security.

PN sl Zeer coemTP eR NoecceR TDs be(Loce

President 2007-2008.

Commumity service: Relay for life, American Heart walk, Linus Project, Phi Sigma Sigma Foundation.

Hold regular meetings.

Bestia NR LA UPAR Vetlicm

STATE FARM ACTIVITIES COMMITTEE June 2012 - January 2013.

Monitor event activities to ensure compliance with applicabk rules and satisfaction of participants, and resolution of any problems that arise.
Coordinate services for events, such as accommodation and transportation for participants, facilities, catering, signage, displays, special
needs requirements, printing and event security.

PN sl Zeer coemTP eR NoecceR TDs be(Loce

¢ Hold regular meetings.

schivor anes
Finance Analyst Nov 2013 to Current
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Broan erin ona i mcletrecr ani eTrslicwN

Monitored and analyzed Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and financial ratios.

Birra CcMnAN cc eN Ricci mnar ice nS Rs voc Rice W

PMs ecb ur eeeeie teal cB Oe Gici Lecce eee e

Developed financial analysis reports and presentations by applying acquired financial principks.
Analyzed businesses of varying sizes to determine the financial impact of potential investrrents.
Manipulited data using pivot tables, pivot charts and macros

Evaluated return-on-investrent and profit-loss projections.

Planned and managed budgets in excess of S [Amount] .

Created sales strategies to promote advertising offerings and motivate larger deab.

Completed strategic competitive analysis by assessing strengths and weaknesses of competitors.
Managed trade on new product releases.

Worked effectively ina heavily cross-fimetional, fast paced environment.

Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.

Created training manuals for our trade system Led team training.

Provided a high level support to sales representatives and customers.

Reconrnended changes to existing methods to increase the accuracy and efficiency of our ROLLA
(CcronictmienctelceR odd acarel ce

Lead on and off-site support across multiple time zones.

Chim Representative Feb 2011 to Oct 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

Examine chims forms and other records to determine insurance coverage.

Investigate and assess damage to property and review property darmge estimates.

Interview or correspond with chimants, witnesses, police, or other relevant parties to determine chim settlerrent, denial, or review.
Review police reports and physical property darmge to determine the extent of liability.

Negotiate chim settlements and recommend litigation when settlement cannot be negotiated.

Analyze information gathered by investigation, and report findings and recommendations.

Refer questionable claims to investigator or chims adjuster for investigation or settlement.

Collect evidence to support contested claims in court.

Examine titles to property to determine validity and act as company agent in transactions with property owners.
Evahate practicality of repair as opposed to payment of market value of vehicle before accident.

Determine salvage value on total-loss vehicle.

Asrange to have danmge appraised by another appraiser to resolve disagreement with shop on repair cost.
