FINANCE MANAGER

Ss

Top performing Individual with a consistent track record of surpassing sakes goals and meeting objections. Extensive sales experience in the retail
pits Wades esis gud an aE Onc aU BUCS oe aE CP eet ec cR ene ali eine
Pures este MELO CRIM e bets iceBar Gide (aeisl enceeee Bence Laur eve) iyiies

areneny
Pe wdlara@enrr nen ten OPW cots
CREA icracetP PN Caeetacelcy © Leadership & Management

CMO CMON nc Rcd Sata cull (TT eT a

Accomplishments

Exceeded Sales goals by 40 % ona monthly basis, which Jed to promotion to Finance Manager in 4A months. Managed a successfil! sales teamof
Peron comm rnestss onlmecman ache) anal Eee Coot iene

schivor anes

Finance Manager 11/2010 to 01/2015 Company Nar City , State

© Understands automobiles by studying characteristics, capabilities, and features; comparing and contrasting competitive models; inspecting
automobiles.

© Develops buyers by maintaining rapport with previous customers; suggesting trade- ins; meeting prospects at commumity activities; greeting
drop-ins; responding to inquiries; recommending sales campaigns and promotions.

© Closes sales by overcoming objections; asking for sales; negotiating price; compkting sakes or purchase contracts; explaining provisions;
exphining and offering warranties, services, and financing; collects payment; delivers autos.

© Continuously secking new lending institutions and maintained good working relationships to secure competitive interest rates and financing
pues

Finance Manager 11/2015 to 08/2016 Company Name City , State Negotiated and reviewed business contracts and financial models with
profitability and financial success in mind. H ands-on negotiations with clients. Secured loans for customers
Finance Manager 02/2015 to 08/2015 Company Name City , State

¢ Responsible for maintaining good working relationships with lenders to secure competitive interest rates and financing programs.

© Offering vehicle financing to customers and providing them with a thorough explanation of aftermarket products and extended warranties
and a complete explanation of manufacturer and dealership service procedures and policies.

© Processing financing and leasing deals accurately and securing approval through financial sources to secure approval and through the proper
federal, state and corporate channels.

CNA 01/2003 to 07/2010 Company Name City , State

© Performed patient care ina long term, geriatric care Hospice and terminally ill care of
* patients and family Daily care of 13 bed unit Bathing and care of patients.

OMG tickle

© documented activities as well as working in teams with doctors, and.

* ancillary personnel.

brairestbeny

Certificate : Finance & Automotive Insurance 2014 UDS City , State

als

automobiks, Bi, competitive, contracts, features, financing, financial, Hospice, inspecting, Leadership, Marketing, negotiating, Negotiation,
Bathing, patient care, personnel, policies, rapport, Sales
