VP FINANCE & IS&T
boca tt vem ey Ld

Enterprising Finance Executive who creates strategic alliances with Senior Executives to identify and

execute key business initiatives. Builds and retains high performance teams by enlisting, developing and

Prete LCC ccc Om oom arene ur esl clean arene LOonicalant elses

Adept in both Business Process and systems to allow for utilizing technology to achieve business goal.

Skill Highlights
© Project managenent © Business operations organization
© Leadership/communication skils ¢ Budgeting expertise
¢ Product developrent ¢ Selfmotivated

COP coors isienanny

¢ Developed the CFO Advisory Service's Quality Close Product and presented at KPMG Quality Close Training Sessions.

¢ Assisted in the authoring of white papers on the topic of the financial close and the changing economic environment brought on by Sarbanes-
Oxiey legislation.

¢ Proficient in SOX 404 Policies and compliance requirements AFFILIATIONS God's Love We Deliver Argyle Executive Forum Finance
Executives International.

User eal poxoar ened
VP Finance & IS&T
January 2012 to Current Company Nan 1% City , State

CO tiisemenm Aer UmuCna mln gilecmclacom Crees euch Bcc inecnsyal ae oN whi s) anrenell ery
come RE La canen ben uno ecen nity choo mR cali

Eleven countries are live across Europe; USA and Canada going live April 1, 2015.

Project will result in $4M per year in savings.

ineeGiuer a peUvrone Rennie uevge ances Cm Cole m

Developed the governance and support models and processes for the new single instance SAP ERP system Created a Program
WelteareaeeneaiicL bom oma i bocrt eS cnstarane Meni LOnd Me edcSecniiee Ru ameOnn tLe C omic ura i
ype nia bom nenieranynaTen a

Created single instance for USA and Canada logistics and supply chain processes in conjunction with SAP ERP Project resulting in cost
Reece Cenc SIH) Grom icia

Developed the RFP and created the vendor selection process for a European Budget and Procurement system to handie Recording,
Marketing and Overhead.

Redefined the implementation approach to get the project back on track after 1 year.

SSeS reece ceBuR Reelin cRwuleeOicet een cn ele ac B Oe Lo OR cre

cy °

Cad

AAC eet R eS iersl cy
RET sla PAU eR ORG aw OM Oe i Sa Ry ALON ESIC)

¢ Built the Business Case and successfillly managed the impkirentation ofa new Business Intelligence Platform (Business Objects) for Sakes
and Marketing Analytics and KPI Reporting for 6 US Label Groups.

© Tool gives US Labels the ability to see the influence Social Media data has on sakes ona daily basis.

¢ Created the Business Case and acted as Project Manager to migrate the integrating Sony Music and BMG Music Supply Chain and
Butte OEE EN SOUL C re irynorreae

¢ Responsibk for business process harmonization and institution of best practices around Product Setup (BOM), Inventory Purchasing,

MRP, DRP, Inventory Management, Inventory Sales and Inventory Accounting.

I vrolcasl uch Omscuinncc ume albany «on uemrencnoa alec rersmibraenno Rescate esreteninct|

pu seeecoe

Developed both the Operational and Back-oflice processes for a new direct to consumer business commercializmg Sony Music's Artist

website platform

VP Finance
January 2005 to January 2008 Company Name ¥% City , State

¢ Led various Music Label integration initiatives triggered by the merger of Sony Music and BMG Music.
