HUMAN RESOURCE/ FINANCE ANALYST
Summary
Hummn Resource Professional: Secking a challenging position that will allow me to grow professionally, which requires me to utilize my strong
educational, organization, and excellent interpersonal skill.

Highlights

Microsoft Office Suite (PeopleSoft, Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point, Publisher).

schivor anes

IS iTarau exe mom Gest comets incis

ATM REORGI ona Ger cn eNcT nl LON MCI HIc)

© Provide support to Colurbia University community by providing excellent customer service via telephone, email and the self-service system.
* Responsible for resolving customer/ employees problems related to Human Resources, Payroll Labor Accounting transactions, Data, JACS
and RAPS applications and Finance.

Utilize a variety of systems such as PeopleSoft HCM and other programs used throughout the university.

Answer calls ina professional matter, resolving them directly or redirecting them to appropriate departent.

Responsible of researching and resolving client request and logging all calls ina web incident form Follow-up with incidents not immediately
rere iant

© Work with HRPC, Payroll Operations, Payroll Labor Accounting, Accounts Payable, Vendor Managerrent, and Purchasing among other
departments to resolve incidents, recommend solutions and process any changes.

Serve as a resource for HRPC staff providing guidance and assistance when appropriate.

Provide accurate trending data; representing the university factually and professionally.

Knowledgeable of Colurbia University’s Human Resource policies, Hiring and recruiting, Workpkice notices, Labor Laws, and other
essential inforrmation.

IS iTaraub examen carer shinies nee aicta
ACM PROP PA RR @on sctiven clr aOlv mri

Responsible for supervising a group of over 120 employees and clients.

Responsible for recruitment of employees, contractors, per-diem and interns.

Responsible for employee development, employee evaluations and relations.

Conducted all orientation trainings for new employees and meetings.

Composed and distributed all relevant employee memorandums. Appraised productivity, handled employee grievances or comphinis, and
disciplined employees.

Coordinated background screenings on all potential employees, per diem and contractors.

Complied with state, federal and local employment legislation ws.

Coordinated the placement of client with Targeted Case Manager (based on agency guidelines).

Worked closely with staffing agencies throughout Osceola and Orange County.

Maintained accurate client files and personnel files. Processed and filed documentation accurately and in real tine.

Provided accurate trending data; represented the company factually and professionally in facility audits, etc.

Handled the duties of accounts payable, accounts receivabk, and duties of payroll department. Processed all Medicaid and HMO Billmg.
Oversaw and tracked the company benefits plans and researched new benefit plans.

Assisted with administrative duties as directed by the Director.

Case Manager/ Counselor
June 2009 to June 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

In charge of 80+ cases for women and families in the homekss shelter system.

In charge of interviewing clients and doing their admission assessment.

Worked closely with housing and employment specialists in helping clients obtain employment and permanent housing.
AARC ni einee ce Oe La meer ce (PAC HlNUwKecCR Iolo One geicee mas

A rreece Por evi cmrbener eae sO rere LCs oom

Worked with Dress to Success to help clients dress properly for job interviews.

Responsible of overseeing specific investigative cases, particularly those with ACS cases or Domestic Violence.
Provided immediate crisis response services on call 24/7

Provided crisis avoidance management and training,

Interpret legal documents; wrote reports, reference letters and professional correspondence for clients.

brairestbeny
Masters : Human Resource Management , 2015 DeVry University is City , State

Hurmn Resource Management
Bachelor of Arts : Spanish Communications , 2009 Le Moyne College 14 City , State

Spanish Communications
