GLOBAL FINANCE ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Honest, reliable, dependable, hardworking, quick learner, enthusiastic, motivated individual with strong work ethics, who is results driven, detail
oriented, and well organized with a fervent desire to leam and be part ofa professional team which offers continued opportunities for professional
and personal growth.

Sail

ACO Gea MEM ST LeN ena Gunn de em cd CeO Ces sicLCOR Lom alte ace ole walerinek Ori ceerr eee c ett
abilities, Excellent probkenrsolving skill, File maintenance, Experience using Windows 98, 2000, 2007, 2010, 2013, Power Pot, MS
Outlook, MS Word, Bolt, MAC, Millennium, Intemet, SAP 7.5, Sabre, Great Phins, Lawson HRIS, CSG, ProAlpha, Quick Books, Centricity,
AS400, Orack R11, Oracle R12, MAS 90, Kofax, Excel. Knowledge of Financial Management and human resource, SOX compliant
procedures and ISO900.

schivor anes

CE aiineP Kenn eeMmAnCrOLetnent

Company Name i City , State

© Process and Analyze invoices and expense reports to ensure appropriate approvals in accordance with CGE Expenditure Authorization

Guidelines.

Ensures accuracy of tax calculations for all invoice payments and accrues additional tax expense and payable during the posting process.

Communicate with business partners and external vendors on invoice inquiries and other expense related activities.

Apply company, cost center, general ledger (GL), and other required coding for financial information system entries to ensure accuracy of

posting entries and accrual reporting.

© Compile and prepare standard reports for review by other associates and mamagers in accordance with accounting standards and company

cele

Create, prepare and distribute weekly proposals to the team

Researched discrepancies and updated accounts with accurate information.

Resolved reconciliation discrepancies in a timely manner.

Ensure that company financial systems are robust, compliant and support current activities and fiture growth,

Reconciled all Balance Sheet accounts monthly.

Review the Financial Statements monthly to ensure accuracy.

Managed company policies regarding capital requirerents, debt, taxation, equity, disposals and acquisitions, as appropriate.

EHO cose Mule cine Cb eucoelioilinaeebrlrayuenitee Meee LOnea heii eR like cere cece DeLee Vab coed RTeha ce ee ole pci

for financial audit and coordinate the audit process.

© colkct and analyze financial information to recommend or develop efficient use of resources and procedures, provide strategic
recommendations and maintain solutions to business and financial problems.

Financial Analyst / Accounts Payable Jul 2013 to Jan 2016
Company Name i City , State

Process external invoices in RI1/ R12 (Oracle) for multiple entities, domestic and foreign, within established service level commitrents.
Ensure processing of payments of invoices, refimds and expenses is in compliance with established key control.

Provide strong customer service, support and demonstrate initiative in preventing invoice issues.

Research, and resolve invoice and payment issues with extemal vendors.

Assist in documentation and implementation ofa global Accounts Payable finction.

Train internal and external customers/ new employees on policy and procedures.

Provide assistance, support and develop strong communications for the intermal/ external business units Assist management with projects as
necessary for the Finance organization.

Communicated with various partners, including Corporate and Regional FP&A and counterparts and Finance Business Partners.
Assist with internal and external SOX audits.

Handled reconciliation of monthly statements Complete and review of account reconciliations.as a part of month end closing procedure.
Responsible for the day- to-day general ledger accounting and financial reporting and analysis for assigned fimctional areas.

Research and resolve Business Units inquiries for assigned functional areas.

Mo cbiind an atLOMuMinGrslicaraesseir eee Os wieleus cletiene

Partnered and collaborated with Business Units from several regions to help deliver on various objectives including fiscal year annual
Coyererrstugieg e) arginine

Built strong knowledge of Visa's business through constant communication with the Business units from several different regions.
Ensured financial data accuracy, integrity and consistency of information as well as organized documentation of results and data sources
cca

© Support production of monthly reports including performing accurate variance analysis and outlining contributing factors.

Financial Operations Analyst Jun 2011 to Jum 2013
Company Name i City , State

* Teamphyer responsible for processing over 385,000 invoices annually.

¢ Handkd reconciliation of monthly statements.

© Documented completion and review of account reconciliations.as a part of month end closing procedure.
* Audited merchandise invoices against intemal purchase orders per SOX compliance.
