ACTING FINANCE MANAGER,

Summary

Tnnovative Accountant proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes.
Accommodating [Job Title] who effectively manages strict deadlines, schedules and repetitive tasks with a positive, can-do attitude. An accountant
and analyst with more than 8-years, proven experience spanning over oil and gas services, manufacturing, and trading business. The experience is
not limited to Financial & Managerent reporting, IFRS and US GAAP, Working Capital management, Cost control and reduction measures,
Internal Controls, ERP system implementation and development(Orack, Hyperion, and Quick Books), Statutory compliance, Payroll & inventory
mmnagement, Business insight and support decision making, Planning, budgeting, forecasting, Capex control, Leadership and team management,
dealing with banks, internal/external auditors & business hwyers, advising management on financial strategy, Commercial proposals and evaluation,
risks coverage, Negotiating contract, dealing with client, Setting up new KPIs/Standards and measuring performance, due diligence,
impknentation of corporate policies and govemance. Key Professional Skills Fmancial Reporting & Analysis (IFRS and US GAAP). Budgeting,
Planning (Short, Medium and Long Term). System Development & Cost Controls. Projec'Commercial evaluation. Prepare Activity Based Cost
analysis for new and existing business venture. Internal Controls & Financial Audits. Controllership of Accounting Operations. Team Leadership &
resource management. Bench Marking/Setting KPIs & Performance Measurement. ERP, MS Office, Power point, and advance Excel. Secking a
growth oriented career in accounting, finance, analysis, and planning where my professional knowledge, skills and experience can be effectively
utilized.

Highlights
Crave yi be)
reasoning
Cee isthe 2))
Blois
« Analytical reasoning Computer Skills * Advanced in MS Excel, Access, Word and Power point. * SAP financial Brel)
accounting. * Oracle financials and Hyperion reporting. * Experienced in using Synapse, Citrix database, Ce Stelios
QuickBooks pro and QuickBooks Premier. * Warehouse Managerrent System, On Base, Mainframe, and Ultriva Selvcesciunied
(Inventory maintenance software). Seminars, Trainings & Workshops Attended: expertise
© Oracle Financial, Hyperion planning/consolidation. * Account
* CPE- certificates, for Rollmg Forecast, Leadership in new age of Finance, and Delegation skills. reconciliation
CNS Oa Oe hne expert
CEO ce ube cB NB Shem © Effective time
* ISO Quality Standards (OSHA). rraaleeny ad
CMe Sw P arch Cashed
© Defensive Driving. organizational
FS alls
Caen
kedger
Brace riniated
Accomplishments

PO Oc Mi cd eRe we taboo caninnlulesednrachige tence ms Mec ie eceulaR omoccd lanceolata BeBe Elba) icy
budgeting and forecasting.

schivor anes

Acting Finance Manager , 01/2011 to Current Company Name

¢ Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and Jordan. 201 1-To - Present A muttinational group involved in Drilling, Petro Chemicals, Well Services,
Engineering, Mining, & Exploration/Production workiwide for Oil & Gas Sector. Working as Chief Accountant and reporting to General
Manager, responsible for the following fimetions: Accounting Operation:

Prepare and analyze monthly, quarterly, and annual financial reports with executive summary.
Prepare consolidated financials, and comparative analytical reviews for all entities.

Monitor cash flow and report cash management report on weekly basis.

Maintain integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.

Manage accounts payabk, including daily invoice processing, and resolve payment discrepancies.
Monitor accounts receivables and developed strategies to improve AR tumover ratios.

Reconcile and analyze all ledger and balance sheet accounts, including bank reconciliations.

Review, investigate and correct errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.
Maintain fixed assets accounts and depreciation schedule.

Review month-end inventory, physical stock counts and variations.

Execute month end closing procedures and journal entries, including accruals, and prepaid accounts.
LCs, Bank Guarantees, arranging facilities for the various group companies.

Review Zakat/Sales Tax and withholding taxation.

Liaison with internal, external auditors, banks, and business lawyers.

Supervise the staff for effective and timely reporting,

Develop and maintain internal controls and concrete document managerent.

Review vendors! agreements, and track supplier pre-determine performance measures.

Ensure and validated inter-company transactions.

Develop Adhoc reports as require by the management. Accounting Analysis and Planning:
