FINANCE CONSULTANT
Summary
Strategic and analytical finance professional with 10+ years of success in reporting and analytics, financial planning & analysis, project
mmanagerent, technology, payments, vendor management, and treasury.
bs hranianie
© Financial modeling
cd

schivor anes
Company Name February 2016 to Current Finance Consultant
lena El CG

© Prepares monthly payment reporting and analytics dashboard for senior management.

¢ Ad hoc reporting fom data warehouses utilizing Teradata SQL and Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise.
© Data analysis and tracking leveraging Access databases and Excel pivot tables, charts and VBA/macros.

© Supports M&A/divestitures and new product launches.

© Provides analysis to assist negotiations with credit card companies and payment processors.

Company Name April 2009 to February 2016 Senior Financial Analyst
lena El CG

Siete loons omnsleuaclcreiaeos

Provided financial reporting and analysis to Sales and Marketing, covering 282 agents at 5,744 locations.
Developed credit review processes in preparation of iPhone hunches.

Active stakeholder on behalfof FP&A for multiple initiatives.

Provided insightful recommendations for a broad range of decision-making requirements.

Participated in the development of business cases for projects.

Developed and implemented B2B payment acceptance strategy, including optimization of commercial credit cards.
Generated annual credit card interchange savings of $3.9M+ through various programs.

Presented strategy and performance tracking to senior management.

System administrator and project manager for ReconNET reconciliation & journalization system.

Was responsible for keeping system support costs and new developrrent expenses in line with budget.

Supported Sarbanes Oxky testing, interaVexternal audits and month end close.

Temporary assignment as Finance Manager to oversee hunch of Soficard mobile wallet payment processing in trial markets.

Company Name February 2007 to April 2009 Retail Analyst
lena El CG

© Prepared and distributed weekly/monthly aging reports for executive management.
© Partnered with fraud, audit and compliance teams to identify and address risk management concerns.
© Reconciled saks vs.

© deposits for~90 retail locations on a daily basis.

© Investigated and reported significant variances.

Company Name May 2005 to February 2007 Treasury Assistant

LOAN

© Processed journal entries and assisted with other month end close duties.
© Led recovery of lost revenue associated with retuned check payments.

Education

STEVENS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 2014 Master of Technology Management : Management of Technology City , State Management
of Technology

SETON HALL UNIVERSITY 2005 Bachelor of Science : Business Administration Finance City , State Business Administration Finance

Skills

Ad, B2B, budget, Business Intelligence, charts, credit, Data analysis, data warehouses, databases, decision-making, executive management, senior
mmnagenent, external audits, Finance, FP&A, financial reporting, macros, Marketing, Access, Excel, month end close, negotiations, Enterprise,
optimization, Oracle, payment processing, pivot tables, processes, processors, reporting, retail, risk management, Sales, Sarbanes Oxley, SQL,
strategy, System administrator, Teradata, VBA
