MANAGER OF FINANCE

Professional Summary

Highly motivated individual with demonstrated proficiency in listening to clients needs, and formulating the tactical plan to achieve the best results
for all parties involved. Constantly explores new and challenging opportunities to firther elevate client loyalty and boost revenues. Known for
honesty, integrity and a genuine passion for setting and achieving goals for self while helping others attain theirs. Superior interpersonal dynamics
interface seamlessly with others from all levels, backgrounds and cultures. Respected for maintaining a professional and positive demeanor. Career
Achieverrents Quickly recognized financial instability within the company. Immediately identified the cause and formulated a phan that successfilly
resulted in the avoidance of bankruptcy which showed the stability needed to acquire an additional million dollars from investors. Finance and
Operations Director for a multi million dollar premium finance company as well as agent within the parent company, simultaneously. Developed
professional partnerships through interpersonal skills, integrity and honesty. Successfillly obtained licenses through the state of North Carolina
Pee eaGOReKUeEne clita Aa toe wurcNmeROnctdlbs Maree hiiom Dold sratkinetieer ince sm @ttMmalce ceiie|
balances" to ensure proper resolution of financial situations, resulting in a 95% return of premium after cancellation. Trained 27 agents on standard
operations and ethical practices to ensure professional service that proved successful in the overall growth and financial stability of the company.
Qualification Highlights Intermediate level profiency with Microsoft Office, Advanced with FimanceMaster and Jenesis software, both Financial and
Client support databases. Outstanding ability to multitask while working two separate software programs, provide technical support for both
programs and maintain a website with case, still providing excellent customer service to Clients on the phone and in the office. Reputed as a
competent trouble shooter. Clients were confident that issues would be thoroughly investigated and resolved. Recognized as expert in client
networking, as well as building and fostering long-term business relationships. Provided a high level of customer service and client relations based
on outstanding communication and interpersonal skills. Strengthened the reputation of Insurance Payment Center and Johnson Insurance
Managerent for quality personal service to increase referrals.

als

Work History
Manager of Finance , 01/2008 to 01/2012
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Developing crucial business relations for the success of the company.

Balancing relationships between clients and company’s.

Provide technical and website support for clients, agents and company’s.

Maintenance of 5000 active accounts, as well as 300 accounts currently in collections.

Assisted with accounts payable/receivable.

Utilized and maintained two client databases, websites.

Responsible for processing notices and invoices.

Tenia ucccre ln YR Broom VTech Weds AoE TccoT MAURO UUB keene dine comrtne Bu cececonc Ont)
in financing for new accounts, assuring that customers are in good credit standing with IPC.

Collecting on more then 40% of bad debts weekly, which is up 95% since taking over the Director of Financing Position,

Provide financing for more then 27 agents which work in 9 offices spread throughout North Carolina.

Daily, weekly and monthly balancing of 5000 accounts and verification of finds received and delivered fromall 9 agencies.

Personally communicated with 17 different msurance companies, assuring them that polices and procedures are followed and in conjunction
with ours.

Consistently work with state regulations to make sure that hws pertaining to customer relations and national guidelines responsible for
ethical insurance transactions are practiced daily to assure the correct treatment of clients.

© Daily managing of the office and client services to nullify conflict when dealing with accounts and past due payments or cancelled accounts.
Developed client memos dealing with increases in payments, collections, and contract errors.

* Wrote policies and procedures pertaining to the daily operations for financing and the proper process on how to collect bad debt effectively
for agents to follow.

Trained a trusted agent within the parent company on the rules and regulations for financing to assure a secondary set of checks and

Else eR ROR Ibe stnem

Tnsurance Agent , 01/2009 to 01/2011
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Writing insurance policy's for home and auto coverage.

Liaison for clients and 17 insurance companies.

Processing chims and new business applications.

Training new agents on state and federal regulations.

Provided accountability and corrections for agent errors company wide.

Highly recognized by companies as support to troubkeshoot and correct complicated agent errors and sought by clients for firther
explanation of their insurance policies.

Ability to nintain multiple accounts simultaneously assuring good standing and proper support.

CORPS eric cmerc br emlnnI Pam ome tice ania imp racciene sie ral cn Lens tahoe

Ores cerealermicicntvect OMG lapmuldLeckinmarhl«matacoi@el am uet kere se Sekar cmccan eB ieib ay ot
Bye os

Grocery Manager , 01/2007 to 01/2008
Company Name 4€“ City , State
