DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Accomplishments

SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST/ IT PROJECT / PROGRAM CONSULTANT Business Case Management | Sarbanes-Oxky |

rececB nr ncaa Dicce PUBIC Ab een ets OR Plein mrene Cribs ie Caky eect Batches ckesece

net CM OR alrLCes Moe UNUMe arb cme neues

© Led all IT audits for Sarbanes-Oxley documentation and testing, as well process improvement initiatives.

Improved Project Management processes through the implementation ofa new business case templateAg4,—4€enhanced project visbility to

determine project status for Executive decision-making,

¢ Increased financial planning process effectiveness by 35% through the development and implementation ofa capital budget cycle that
ensured the accuracy and data integrity ofall financial transactions.

¢ FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT ROLES: Chikiren Toys, Inc.

PAU BP reecesu en pace SRO Bo Kee P Moot eko ames erie miaraneckes ic bavcstpence es seal

irae eluates ice

Minolta Corporation (2004) Managed budgets, forecasting, and business case modeling initiatives for North American operations;

improved 120 business processes that boosted productivity levels by 40% in only five months.

Light Technologies, Inc.; Spram, NJ (1995A¢a,4€2003) MANAGER, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT Muttbillion-Dollar Budgets |

Program Managerent ] Cost Savings Mamaged all IT planning, forecasting, and business case management for the largest division at Light

TechnologiesA¢a,—€a $5-billion department; directed muttbillion-dollar budgets, reporting, investrent analysis, metrics development, and

software implementation.

Captured $70-million in cost savings per year through implementation ofa reverse logistics programsA¢4,—G€reverse engineered the entire

supply chain and reduced inefficiencies.

Led initiatives for business cases of more than 350 projects within 80 programs ranging from manufacturing, IT services, to wireless

island

© Pioneered vision and implementation of'a new IT financial analysis and internal project tracking process for four large IT departments

including Business Communication Services IT, Manufacturing IT, and Services IT.

Managed projects with varying levels of complexity and identified and mitigated potential risks; developed requirements, managed change

control, and tracked schedules and cost performance while ensuring project activities aligned with business objectives.

« Early Career: Manager of Planning and Analysis, Phone Global Corporation.

Professional Summary

Program Manager / PMO Director Dynamic, versatile, hands-on Program Mamger who leads tears to design and implement successfil IT
projects that align business and IT objectives and deliver rapid results Project Managerrent ] Strategic Planning| PMO Management Energetic,
trusted, and detail-oriented Senior Program Manager and strategic solutions provider with outstanding project management and conflict
mnagenent skills. Hand-picked by executive team to tum around underperforming programs; accomplished leader known and respected for
kading successful change in projects and building credibility with executive teams and staff Solutions driver who bridges the gap between business
and technology with expertise in managing complex programs and multiple concurrent projects. Directs PMO tears to develop high-quality
programs that solve business problems and Pee tangible results for enterprise-level financial systems and Kegacy workflow Pai Conflict
WW atecrane 8 Ne Biren re RO lacie Cem eS ling a oe ac Managerrent Risk & Issue Management Aga,¢A\ Financial
Modeling & Analysis Aga, ¢A! Agile & Waterfall Methodologies Cost/Benefit Analysis Aga, ¢A! Change Management Aga, ¢A! Stakeholder
Managenent

Work History

elt

Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Led multi-fimctional teclnology teams and key contributor and mentor for a PMO office with up to 80 resources; managed development of
innovative software systems and applications.

¢ Directed all services, resources, and project plans for major scalable enterprise solutions supporting $1.2-billion with unique ability to drive
transformational change in both business and technology keadership roks.

© Provided business analysis for projects of up to $150-million that included requirements, success criteria, mikstones, Key Performance
indicators (KPIs), and Work Breakdown Structures.

DIRECTOR OF FINANCE, 01/2011 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© PMO Start-Up | Contract Management | PMO Management Trusted Financial Executive with CFO- and CIO-level responsibilities; adds
ioncemhe nee UM biiedaKrarlcoemunlesesetecs esac cate m One sesitica Cots Eves)

¢ Program Manager over all IT projectsA¢a,—a€manage workloads, define deliverabks, hire and mentor resources, conduct performance
reviews, and ensure compliance with established PMO processes.

© Direct business forecasting and financial analysis activities and identify opportunities and risks along with action plans to ensure attainment of
financial goals.

© Spearheaded the development of the first-ever Program Management Office; defined project managerrent processes, including those
sce b eMC HelCHaMLeemulicceeniemnekicae auc snieceE ect nem

OO EN oiese are (cockes eRe ina icv me arcuruTeae Nol cugeaubinBrancunt cs Reon ecm Unb ro AneT to
niTreceRr LINC erIheBEnNchLCeR Unb Sli Lece

* Reengincered vendor policy to enhance quality assurance and to identify risks and issues at earlier stages during the project; manage
