BUDGET FINANCE SPECIALIST SENIOR

Summary

Prep iaes re eclel RUE Rien la cuilreRnl ei nedcke eacenaiiceeeBiiibe a Rieu Te lamSbeeccc i embrasure Le) ey

assignments while meeting tight deadlines.
Highlights
« Financial analysis © Superior time management
© Complex problem solving « PeopleSoft expert
Cie cistvesleouninitowaed « Bookkeeping
© Account reconciliation * SAP/MS Office Suite (Excel)
© Self motivated professional « Budgeting expert
© Revenuc/Expenses management = « Business process improvement
© UFARS © School Finances
Accomplishments
* Promoted to senior role with added responsibility of managing 3-person team of Budget/Finance Specialists and 1 Senior Account Clerk
¢ Successfully managed aging invoices by reducing the number of invoices from 900 invoices to Iess than 200 in the work flow within 2 days
© Improved cost efficiency of School Districts travel system
« Awarded 5-Star Customer Service by recognizing outstanding customer service that A€oegoes above and beyond normal dutiesa€,

acknowledging consistent dedication in support of clients and colkagues
Successfillly trained account clerks and secretaries in using SAP

schivor anes
Company Name October 2007 to Current Budget Finance Specialist Senior
lena El CG

Co-supervise and co-lead activities for a team of 3 Budget Fiance Specialists and 1 Account Clerk Cadre.

© Responsible for training any new team members, giving work direction to all team members, lead the team during fiscal budgeting process,

ensure fiscal responsibility throughout key areas of organization by reviewing and strengthening efficiencies in financial controls, conducting
budget analysis and strategic planning to aid in daily business decisions.
Train and advice school officials and administrators on use of public fimds and donations to ensure compliance and transparency.

* Create financial reports and documents to guide and complete the annual budgeting process for upcoming school year and support

Ghyeduicaltersl Ceeutiece

© Manage 144 fimded project accounts (Donations) which generate nearly $12.5 million in revenue annually.
* Responsible in creating accounts, managing both revenue and expenses, carry over any unspent money from one year to the next, and

communicating the appropriate use of fimding to the recipients.

Manage financial record for 25 schools-provide financial analysis, financial planning and budget oversight to principals in order to effectively
make daily operation and annual budgeting decisions.

Train clerks and principals on the appropriate usage of public finds, financial management system SAP, and UFARS coding

Oversee position contro! and resolve questions on budget and other financial and technical transactions

Work closely with Human Resources regarding positions, salary and confidential employee information

Work closely with Procurement on approving and or preparing requisitions to PO and Accounts Payable on resolving payment processing
issues

Improved cost efficiency of School District's travel system by ensuring accuracy of budget coding, budget availability and authorization.

Company Name July 2006 to October 2007 Accounting Specialist III
lena El CG

Responsible for daily accounting transactions in the Trust Fee Unit including processing payments sent by trust clients.

© Diligently monitored accounts and worked closely with internal team members and external stakeholders to reduce account delinquency and

by utilizing quick and decisive analytical thinking and extensive research.

Produced daily business transactions and monthly financial reports and analysis to upper management for audit and to aid in crucial daily
banking operations.

Awarded 5-Star Customer Service Award in 2007-recognized outstanding customer service that "goes above and beyond norm duties",
acknowledged consistent dedication in support of clients and colleagues.
