DIRECTOR OF FINANCE

Skills
© Leadership/communication skills «Project management
CMe ssnecceynoriteigeyesuiralte Me eteceemeaue asin end
© Budgeting expertise * Client account management
¢ Administrative Skills © Self motivated
¢ Account Management PEGI cenemeecniatl

A Snes seen

Company Name

Company Name

Experience

Director of Finance Jan 2017 to Current

(Ooi ote Nlnea LOU NmENT OIC

© Tamresponsible for the direction of the Finance Division of HSC Shared Services.
© I currently supervise a team of three supervisors and six accountants.

Unit Business Manager - Intermediate Oct 2011 to Feb 2017
(Ooi tac ea LOLI OIC

responsible for managing the business operations of the department, coordinating the flow of information within the office, facility cores and
fiigtapeualecmeruer ean ie

acted as office manager, coordinating the work of secretarial and clerical support staff and liaison wih other University departments,
including Personnel, Affinmative Action, Payroll, Purchasing, and Physical Plant.

© muintained expenditures, prepared financial records, operating budgets and approved payments.

Gc CUM ccemcbentmen con ike cred isnaneiaclial

© I worked directly in the development of grant and contract proposals.

Unit Business Manager Apr 2010 to Sep 2010
(Oo tae Neh ROL NAIC

© I processed payroll records, maintained employee eave records, entered purchase requisitions for equipment and supplies, and reallocated
procurement card expenditures.

¢ [arranged travel itineraries for the Center Director as well as for guest speakers, Internal and External Advisory Board members and small
Pu ctaa te cem

SS eR nMC OCH OLOcU OO LoncE np rMlice Om Cleo a Gals ed iiume\ lcktamnLccen eat cy
technology support, maintained software and hardware records, composed routine correspondence and formatted manuscripts and
PO berltoiob ub uncinecmunueleCecince calor eka om

Program Assistant Senior Oct 2007 to Apr 2010
COO AN nen L@L NAMI HI!

¢ Jassisted the Center Director by arranging meetings, booking travel, submitting travel reimbursements, coordinating his calendar, answering
telephone calls, composing routine correspondence and formatting manuscripts and publications in accordance with the editors preferred
Ries

¢ I provided support to the Center by processing hourly payroll records, maintaining employee leave records, entering purchase requisitions
for equipment and supplies, reallocating procurement card expenditures, opening/sorting mil, copying materials, answering/routing
telephone calls, arranging travel itineraries for guest speakers, preparing reimburserrents and honorarium payments, preparing agendas and
minutes for various Center meetings, providing tier one computer technology support, maintaining software and hardware records, and other
duties as required by the staffand/or Center members.

Service Delivery Coordinator Jan 2006 to Jan 2007
(Ooi ota lnea LOL NaS IC

Iwas originally hired in the Centralized Order Entry (COE) department entering new orders or changes to the existing business customer's
pupae tee ueRvc a Cam

© I was also responsibk for training new employees to that department.

© When the company reorganized, the COE department dissolved.

Pe Gicusoestom reeling cia

© Inthe billing departrent, I worked directly with the customers to answer their questions and/or to resolve their comphints.

Teacher/Teacher's Aid Jan 2004 to Jan 2007
Company Name i City , State

¢ Telephone: (814) 274-4877.
© I taught Microsoft Office products, such as Excel, Word, Access, Outlook, and Windows, Wilton Cake Decorating and other Adult
