OPERATIONS FINANCE DIRECTOR

Summary

Skilled financial professional with over twenty years of financial services industry and fifteen years of practical management experience. Highly
detail-oriented and organized. Areas of expertise include conflict management, customer service, marketing and client interface. Advanced training
bes ecco er KMmerdecatrel@esicelceteemsteeia sl arin

ae

ae

Highlights
© Customer service * Microsoft Office proficiency
CM ebesilemnstrcciuts © Proficient in Concur, Workday, Kronos
© Project managerentA © Excel spreadsheets/SQL
© Strategic and financial panning expert © SOX, DOJ, Audit experience
© Mergers and acquisitions knowledge = © Cost reduction and containment
PMN centers areca ren Se cu onneed ont s
CE oesiusi si kereremicar eck alc) © Superior organization skills

Accomplishments

© Reduced capital spending by 35 % per year as the leader ofa cross-functional trading floor teams in San Francisco and New York.
Head of Business Continuity for NYSE-SF and NYSE-NY.

Recognized for achieving flawless audit scores from both NYSE Regulation, Securities and Exchange Commission and FINRA.
Authored and published trading floor rule filings for NYSE- SF and NYSE-Anex- 2008-2013.

Launched the Amex Trading Floor-NY in 2008-2009, hired all trading floor staff.

Authored all trading floor employee procedures, manuals, and company policies for both NYSE-SF and NYSE-Amex.

In charge of streamlining staffing levels for three mergers 2005-2010.

Started NYSE Annual Community Vohmteer Program 2010.

schivor anes

Operations Finance Director Jan 2016 to Current

Company Name i’ City , State Planned and executed operational audits of various business areas using risk-based audit methodology. Created
executive analysis reports highlighting business issucs, potential risks and profit opportunities. INPaneie br verrartckelreand preety
eiemononterlnn cree Cece cd porting re cranmxalcn eran eerekencanererccirtalon cw Wien aie
new customer orders and requests and manually entered data Systematically prepared documents and asserrbled financial staterrents for
independent auditors into a centralized database.

Managing Director - Head Of Trading Floor Operations Feb 2009 to Oct 2015

Company Name i City

© Supervised and managed all daily operational trading floor activities, all trading floor staffand all trading floor broker operations on the San
Geinacomrcreiee oye

Worked with FINRA Floor staff to enforce trading floor ruks

Responsible for enforcement of trading floor rules and reguhtion for open out-cry trading.

Developed strategy for internal and extemal regulatory examinations, collaborated with intemal and external audit and market compliance.
Created organizational flow charts and career path reports to evaluate employee compensation information.

Designed the employee performance evaluation process and merit program

Wrote all employee company policies and procedures for the trading floor.

erick icons) secs ecealanununiinttaston

Impkmented an innovative employee incentive and training program.

Samlacoa eas nratcrs ents iasrnp arise.

SR. Director - Options Trading Services and Operations Oct 2007 to Feb 2009
Company Name i City , State

Stationed in New York for the hunch and merger between the NYSE and the American Stock Exchange.
Impkmented and authored all company policies and procedures for the trading floor.

Recruited and interviewed 70 applicants per one year period.

Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.

Wrote all employee performance evaluation reviews and recommended merit increases.

Impknented an employee bonus program

Maintained all of the departments procedures and written docurrentation for both NYSE SF and NYSE Amex NY.

Director -Manager -Options Trading Services May 1992 to Oct 2007
(Oo aN ben AL@L Ng

¢ Managed trading floor staffand all trading floor procedures.
© Oversaw all facilities and maintenance of the entire options department. 7
* Developed and managed quarterly operating budgets for the entire San Francisco Trading Floor and Options department.A
