FINANCE MANAGER
Highlights

JESS ake}
PeopkSoft
Tabkau
Nunes)
Excel

fe yucr ent

schivor anes
Company Name July 2014 to Current Finance Manager
lena El CG

Develop financial models for Professional Lab Services (PLS) managerrent team and assists in the preparation of business cases for new lab
Peaeayuanren meee

Reviews deal models and underlying assumptions to ensure effective financial decisions are being made.

Spearheads monthly actual to budget financial analysis and capital expenditure review for managed labs.

Leads an investigation team that audits deals that are not meeting financial expectations and presents findings with provides recommended
solutions to senior leadership.

Streamlined and standardized monthly financial reporting for all existing managed labs.

Presents quarterly financial results and outlook to General Manager, PLS and regional senior leadership.

Established deal tracking mechanism to track financial performance compared to the deal model.

Coordinates with business partners to build annual budgets and quarterly forecasts for existing managed labs and projects fiture
revenuc/OM growth.

Reviews business cases for incremental capital expenditure requests for existing managed lbs.

Dalle Seek cml eneni eee Lcetnay CR Ee deer ny cielioms geri n cee oeitecs Secor

Company Name June 2012 to July 2014 Senior Financial Analyst
lena El CG

Partnered with the region's Operational Leadership Team and provided financial support to each fimction by reviewing finctional P&L
results, FTE/productivity trends, invigorate cost savings, and addressing ad hoc requests.

Performed monthly P&L trend analysis for a $1.5 Billion region, ensuring the accuracy of the financial statements and communicated key
drivers of variances to budget to the Regional Finance Director.

Review journal entries and reconciliations prepared by Centralized Accounting to ensure accuracy.

Built and autonnted budget/forecasting models to ensure accurate and efficient updates to forecasts.

Lead the headcount and Salaries, Wages, and Benefits forecasting for a region of 5,000 employees and conducted a monthly review with
the region's Operational Leadership Team.

Budgeted, forecasted, and monitored the region's monthly supplies expense, including analyzing overall cost per requisition, client supply
cost per requisition, and allergen volume trends.

Forecasted and budgeted monthly operating expenses including Automobik, Shuttle, Rent, Telecommunications, Utilities, and Depreciation.
Ure RIRICHAs eco RM cOU CeO mich igtermed hice Oo ecinneACnereRaoineeie tees yzsnea tan ecm

Spearheaded the region's cost of testing update initiative and communicated results to the Regional Finance Director and Corporate Pricing,
Budgeted, forecasted, and monitored the region's capital spending.

Regional Fixed Asset subject matter expert, coordinating the addition, transfer, and disposal of assets.

Developed and implemented new processes to improve internal controls and gain efficiencies.

Supported the Regional Finance Director and process owners during Internal Audits and SOX testing,

Indirectly managed/rentored one individual

Company Name November 2010 to June 2012 Senior Auditor - Intemal Audit
lena El CG

In-charged and performed audits of domestic and intermtional business units.

Supervised 2-5 Staffand Senior Auditors, provided on the job training, established time frames for task completion, and communicated key
(heiteuiecrintecenlcy

Headed Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) auditing for the company consisting of interviews with international Business Unit senior
management and testing procedures.

Worked with Legal Counsel on remediation of control deficiencies and FCPA policy violations identified.

Conducted audit planning, including risk assessment, scoping, budgeting resource needs, assigning work areas, and scheduling audit timing.
Updated audit work programs to better address potential risks within business processes.

Wrote internal audit reports, rated the audit findings based on risk, determined the report opinion based on audit findings, and provided
raeLCTenMWNEES oun umcneeer een ectetn

Impkmented the use of data analytic procedures, increasing the efficiency and effectiveness of audits.

Managed one direct report, ensuring successful career development.

Company Name August 2008 to Noverrber 2010 Senior Auditor
