FINANCE MANAGER FINANCE MANAGER

Executive Profile

Peter Uo as Cac S ON Ue ne Knuciearirasetecc Ret ecelininlinzinentcncntarna: wren Oy. Called Ey
etre vena caeal renin olen eR lcecec tics

Skill Highlights
, A A Contract negotiation
CR drove teemeicmsteeel ited ° A
© Income statement certified audits , ellie diaeiad
SS Ney dC eae sLo pian

[Oe coP coors Senet iy

Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting, and forecasting. Reduced office expenses by finding smarter solutions
for vendors, suppliers,A and services.

Professional Experience

Janvary 2012 to January 2012

Suse aycam paren Clestiag

¢ OPG GroupOhioHealth is a nationally recognized healthcare system of 21,000 associates, physicians andvohmnteers, 17 hospitals, 20 health
and surgery centers, home-health providers, medical equipmentand health service suppliers throughout a 41 county area.
Sraliolcebreniivpiibe sl poueiinceneu taint ben ee wlan Rclomece omnes eau kal asi oe

CoD ares diem ysucene Roca eke el Giiateaa pyeeccon

Analyzed complex reguhtion and policy documents that directly impacted budgetary and financial matters.

Created detailed financial models and analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis.

Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

Prepared Form 990 IRS return and Ohio State unchimed fimds reporting,

Developed and implemented efficient accounting, financial and operational systems for OhioHealth Marion Area Physicians LLC and
Healthworks LLC physician enterprises.

Process improverent and re-engineering of accounting procedures for net patient revenue accruals derived from EPIC electronic health
records systenr, the physician practices business segments’ implemented the first go-live system wide.

Committee Chair for the Business Development and Acquisitions and the Training Policies and procedures Comnittees.

Develop and implement the OhioHealth Physician Group's virtual electronic On- Boarding Training Tool.

ee ee

January 2003 to January 2004
RIGOR Teac LeePANreColg

Se ASSEN g oo os osm tolecm We Racer cK see hkl tip uces) eB onvorce eri nma ar com OR Oe
tier clients within the PWC Assurance and Business AdvisoryServices (ABAS) practice; this included supervising annual and financial risk
assessment,planning, and analytical procedures. Assignments included large, high profile companies including the following: higher
education(Columbia University), charities, foundations, social services organizations, with assct valucranging from $4,000,000,000 to
$15,000,000,000.Key responsibilities included a developrrent of risk assessments and audit plans, supervisedengagements and staff of 3-5
direct reports Fostered relationships with clients January 1999 toLoeb & TroperJanuary 2003New York Supervising Senior AuditorLoeb
CA oe EMR uel Bint ascuces ciel eeeveccioniungranicte sre nt rlaanuietnscvcal bracts
yeaiaicalt ote

Prepare consolidated financial statements and corresponding footnotes for NonprofitHealihcare industries.Supervised preparation of
financial statement for: GAS (yellow-book), pension, OMB CircularA-133 compliance, and cost report, client size range from small
($1,000,000) to large($4,000,000,000) social services and health care organizationsCultivated managerrent skill, including the ability to
work with executive leadership team,developed staff (2-4 direct reports per project) managed (8-10) annual engagements frombudgets to
em Keon ccm ucca lan uba bee sal ernest tececeu nent es oectomcar) Coir mete
compliance regultions.Researched state and local IRS- related issues and accounting FASB, not-for-profit and health care industry
reporting; and disclose requirementsConverted audit work papers into electronic worksheets which kead to firm-wide usewith 30%
reduction in audit documentation. Participate in the campus recruitment program; interviewed candidates for entry-levelpositions.

Cn ine NH LO ESO LCR oP Cey

¢ Planned and executed operational audits of various business units using risk-based audit methodology.

© Assist with the system development education and roll out Business Associate Agreement Policy.Develop recommendations for
improverrent and present reports to management; perform follow-up review on the status of implementation of recommendations: maintain
workingrelationships with all levels of management across the organization.Tested the design and effectiveness of intemal controls by
compkting walk-throughs ofcomplex business processes.Analyzed patient revenue and account receivable control procedures; including AR
reservemodeling process and the calculation of net patient revenue.Recruited, retained and developed staff

¢ January 2006 toNew 42nd Street Inc. January 2012.

Financial Controlker

© The New 42nd Street, Inc.
© is the organization created by the city and the State of New York that oversees the redevelopment of seven historic theaters on 42nd Street
