FINANCE MANAGER,
Summary

Flexible Financial Manager with the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines, communicate effectively, develop and motivate staff, general accounting
PI Giesipesl bee uiee Om acl erDe Behe )emuerts scltlcce

Highlights
* Knowledge of business insurance.
Experience in Saks and Use taxes, Payroll taxes and 1099

Excellent analytical, communication and organizational skills.
Demonstrate initiative, responsibility and follow through for

Me het Rave) tae reporting,
© Strong attention to detail with the ability to multi-task. ° bananas , STAT, GASB, FAS60, FAS97, and
Oo

© Selfdirected critical thinker.

Ae ere Ton enn eset eer * Protects organization's value by keeping informtion confidential

schivor anes

Company Name December 2007 to Current Fiance Manager

lena El CG

4€¢Prepare monthly and quarterly analytics for income statement, balance sheet, budget to actual variances, and eamings by source.
&€¢Review and sign offon GAAP and Statutory journal entries into PeopleSoft general ledger.

4€¢Prepare GAAP to Statutory reconciliation by product and write commentary for variances.

&€¢Prepare quarterly and annual Statutory reporting package by entity financial information, for senior managerrent.

4€¢Prepare quarterly financial analysis and Ad-hoc reports for BOLI & COLI products (Bank Owned and Company Owned Life Insurance)

4€¢Draft commentary for MD&A (Management Discussion & Analysis) for controller's business segment and provide supporting work papers for
(rata hekiie octtcon

4€¢Act as a lnison and assist internal and external auditors in the planning and execution of quarterly and annual audits, including the resolution of
accounting and auditing issues.

4€¢ Assist in technical accounting research, including evahuting accounting and financial implications of complex transactions and writing white
papers supporting conclusions.

4€¢Ensure compliance with SOX reguhtions over intemal controls.
4€¢Liaison with other departments including CFO, Valuations and Product management to provide accurate and timely data analysis.

&€¢Manage and support analysts, including the competion of performance reviews, adequate training and knowledge of accounting ruks,
company systems and the overall business performance.

4€¢Implemented process improvements for EBS (Eamings by Source) and Statutory reporting reducing closing time by two days.
&€¢Conducted detailed reconciliation on Policy loans for the State of Connecticut insurance audit.
4€¢Reviewed, and streamline FAS 97 joumal entry process, reducing closing time by a day.

OU need cere AOE Devct nom Um cnnenniluchaiad
lena El CG

&€¢Led monthly and year end close process, account analysis and financial staterent reconciliations.
&€¢Assisted CFO in group consolidation, monthly variance analysis and operational reporting.
&€¢Reconciled inter-company, bank and credit card accounts.

FSA GHIGL Det Bios bhCccewwratiloine rie recmeninimeon iad a vette re ictem

&€¢Prepared journal entries for monthly accruals and re-classes.

4€¢Prepared annual schedules for external audits including the resolution of accounting and auditing issues.

&€¢Responsible for cash management, including monitoring sweep account activity, direct deposits, lock- box and inter-company transactions.
