FINANCE ANALYST
Summary
OER BOE Boccia ROor na Cm OuCe ines Coe cOmR coe UOR OU necotua th emcnencas ees elie einen acy
computer skills, and to contribute to the success of the business
Highlights
CS OQONCt5 Sc
© Achieverent Oriented with Excellent Communication
I Zou) eauateeniermcially
Stoo
Ability to Manage Change with ease
Adaptability to Flexible Working Hours.
Excelent Negotiation and Analysis Skills
Quick leamer with high energy level
Willing to work hard.
Eager to take responsibilities and challenges.
Operating system: Windows
Financial Accounting Packages : Tally Accounting Package 6.3 & 7.2 (A-Grade)

schivor anes

RET!)

to

May 2016

Company Name Finance Analyst

* Connecting with onshore business for review of AUC balance and updating the status of the WBSE's Scheduling Monthly with call with
onshore business and Finance / Business leads to update the status of the over expenditure Leading team with regular catch up meeting and
allocating the WBS creation request equally and conducting monthly connect Metrics discussion Phying a key role as a SPOC for my team
in case of any Adhoc request and Statutory reporting,

¢ OBJECTIVE OF THE PROCESS: Creation of AFE (Authority for Expenditure) Maintaining WIP balance Performing Statutory Report
(A202 (US Tax), Capex Spent Report, Flux Report etc) Focal from Capital & Assets for Divestment activities Performing Asset
Capitalization, Write off Taking up Audit queries from PWC local audit Connecting team meeting on daily basis and allocating works based
on volumes Performing internal audit testing for legal entity Being a Control operator for Exploration Balance Sheet Review.

© Capex Reporting submission to the Manage close team.

© This will provide the total spent for the year.

AT VeAU NT

to

RET!)

Company Name Process Associate

* Project name : Home Depot Responsibilities: FA deals with asset capitalization, asset transfer, asset disposal, asset cost adjustment and
CIP account reconciliation,

Ako performasset depreciation during month end.

PNM octet comin Ber\iiee ice OM mat dorm Om Lem atecme tical estat d

AP make a JE and coded to asset capitalization in progress (CIP) account.

AB re bicus alto el anos

FA look for back up records like Invoice copies & Capitalization Expenditure Request # (CER#).

Based on the FA policy we have categorized the assets based on the invoice description given.

Asset category can be major & minor category based on company policy it differs.

Upload the FA additions to the system

Ifthe branch is not able to provide adequate back up records (invoice copy & CER#) we can rechss it as expense based on company
Pa

Ako perform FA transfer from one branch to another branch based on the request which branch has submitted to us.

Ako perform FA disposal from the respective branch based on the request which branch has submitted to us.

Cost adjustment: Ifany sales tax was not paid in the invoice copy.

Later AP made separate payment for Sales Tax alone.

We can adjust the Sales Tax amount to the existing asset in the system.

Depreciation: Most of the company performs STL depreciation.

At the end we have to reconcile our FA CIP account ofall the activities which you had performed during last month.

Thad been a top performer for many times for giving 100% Accuracy got 100C award.

Business Excellent award by client Home Depot Supply Got Star ofthe month from Raman Chennai BPO head TCS for this quarter in
TOWNHALL.

April 2006
to
May 2007
