FINANCE MANAGER
Riterersta
To obtain challenging assignments in Finance/ Banking/ Accounts with an organization of repute.
Accomplishments

SEB Son snem Coococrc rem nn nen eesscnaud@ marl Oc UKnne CaM Leena mous ace ren MO eam EITC ecL ote Bree
Finance, Forex operations, Risk Management, ALM, KYC, Client Servicing and Team Managenent.

¢ Finance: Funds Management, Budgeting and Forecasting, Cash flow , Internal controls, Audit, MIS reports, Finalization of Accounts,
Credit facilities, Letter of credits and Financial Analysis Accounts: Account Receivabkes, Accounts payabk, Maintenance of proper books
EHIME tomar e et Oen nina Vena orm Oon tn ulMAyetLarelamycuncisTeky eaccad
register, Escrow accounts, Trust Accounts, Facility Management, Legal Compliance and Purchases Management.

¢ Administration: Proficient in day to day Office administrtion, HR finctions and Owners Association administrative fimctions.

Experience
I Sietpeem ole nag
March 2012 to May 2013 Company Name 1% City

© Provided strategic and tactical leadership in Finance/Accounting and Auditing of communities under the managerment of the company.

¢ Analyzing and interpreting financial results and forecasts (variance analysis, P&L impact) Providing key business and financial guidance to
the organization (budgeting and forecasting) Responsible for the Finance management of the company by providing necessary frame work
for the finds management, Accounts management and intemal administration of the company.

Morea Bethel Pe UeLo Mee louienecotiren cence, comune

Preparation of various MIS statements, HR management and guideles for intemal audits of the company.

Active role in the Community management by providing necessary financial mputs for day-to-day administration of Owners Associations.
Monitoring of Revenue, Purchases and other expenditures.

Maintenance of Escrow accounts, Trust accounts, Budget management and conducting of monthly Board meet and AGA.

Suse annaw
May 2008 to December 2011 Company Name 1% City

Brought in to lead Finance/Accounts management of the company.

Represent the company and negotiate with Banks/financial institutions for credit facilities/ Bank Guarantees, Letter of credits etc.
Analyzing Cash flow, Budgeting and Forecasting of finds position, MIS reporting, Annual audit, monitoring of receivables and Payables.
Monthly reconciliation of Accounts.

Impknentation and migration of financial data to new accounting software INFOS ERP.

PAE ORCC Ueneicie Lena nRuei cm Leeihnaeuete oiseaRel Osco mieecigmUnleGll nese

HR, Pay roll and staff welfare administration.

Impkenrnitation of WPS (Wage protection system) as per the guidelines of UAE Governnent.

Monitoring of purchase (internal as well as projects) and finalization of credit terms.

Manager
December 1993 to May 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

Oba be Dolan bi CR UA LORO ae S ae Oe Rice en aicere reco eke s NM Lol lene eR Cn B INI CLg
avenues for managing the bank's investment portfolio, especially in fixed income securities, equity shares, mutual finds and bonds.

Funds Management and Liquidity management of the bank.

Risk Management of the investment portfolio of the Bank Managing the CRR (cash Reserve Ratio) and SLR (Statutory Liquidity Ratio) of
Led ea

Credit Management Accountable for appraisal of retail and corporate advances, both working capital and term loans Managing the review
Born Ueto sac b Leries cee ier eiierivan ade

Monitoring of different types of personal loans, Mortgages (housing loans), Vehicle Joan and Educational loans,

(Coral Psan ako ari Lowa MCMC al edertne mo lcunuke hemi arron ae ieee (ce

WO ecu Cee Ba iiceee aire nea Lm

Adhering to KYC and AML nonns stipulated by the central bank.

AW Ghu BNR etm Orson ow Co aibe rc om

Retail Marketing of bank's and 3rd party insurance products to enhance profitability of the bank Create awareness among the customers
regarding various financial derivatives and trading options Trade Finance/Foreign Exchange transactions Handling of trade finance
transactions, such as Purchase, negotiation & colkection of export bills based on UCPDC Import bills collection, issue of ktter of credits
Purchase and issue of travelers’ cheques, foreign currency, Funds transfers, TTs etc.

ECGC & RBI compliance.

Ce ee

Education

M.B.M : Bank Management Algappa University 4 City , State Bank Management

SERA OT tas Nee ale) 3)

Proficiency in computer application software MS word, Excel, Power point and outlook express Training / Certifications Risk Management
(Conducted by Reserve Bank's Bankers’ training College, Mumbai) Derivatives in Treasury Management (Conducted by National Institute of
Bank Mngt, Pune) Certification in Owners Association Management by DREI, UAE
