FINANCE CUSTOMER CARE REP LEAD
Summary

Property Manager with vast experience in real estate management. Strengths include sales skills, critical thinking and the ability to communicate
AU relielrayest ast Bake

Highlights

* Microsoft Office 2010

Carers urn camn irl © Fair housing mandates

© Sage Timberline Accounting © Knowledge of easing and market conditions

* Yardi Voyager © Multi-family property mamgement

© Microsoft Office 2010 Suite © Strong organizational skills

© Sage Timberline Office © Shap problemsoher

Ca Cuno ciuag ¢ Training manual contributor

© Payroll expertise © Dedicated to process improvement
Accomplishments

Developed annual budgets, including determining short and Jong-term goals to support the overall profit and growth objectives.

schivor anes
Finance Customer Care Rep Lead , 05/2012 to Current Company Name i City , State

Created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction.
Developed highly empathetic client relationships and eamed reputation for exceeding customer expectations.
Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.
ee) et Relea lem cor ecn in Os aneeenes ig
Worked under strict deadlines and responded to customer/vendor requests with in 24 hour SLA.
Interacted with vendor to follow-up on payment statuses and expedited resolution of payment issues.
Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via muil, e-mail and fax.
Processed credit card payments for customers.
Created training materials to be used by new hires and as cross training aids for other members of the Finance team
We ET eP eV EliLc me UM PAU IRC RU CPU PA Gore solani cht /L Or Same ol CG
© Manually process all time cards into the payroll system and clarify any errors for approximately 250+ employees as well as manage payroll
of 40 salaried employees.
Submit certified payroll to clients verifying all federal guidelines are followed.
Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.
Helped implement biometric time card system
Prepare all monthly AIA construction billings and special clients forms based on work performed and send to client.
Make collection calls on all billmgs submitted and project payment dates.
Prepare and update monthly collections report and daily cash collections for Senior Management.
Attend all pre-construction meetings for verification of accounting contact information, billing forms, and tax exemption status/certificates.

Process weekly payroll, payroll taxes, 401K payments using Sage Timberline Accounting software.
Deposited third party checks.

Assistant Site Manager , 06/2009 to 01/2010 Company Name i City , State

Interviewed prospective tenants and recorded information regarding certain needs and qualifications.

Executed daily operations of multiple rental properties.

Prepared kase and rental agreements for lessees and collected specified rents and other fees.

Asranged for alterations, maintenance, upkeep and reconditioning of property.

UcserlentEsreRuselielea esti caUneR aml ef oR vets ecm

Managed accounts payable and account receivable functions for multiple properties Prepared, edited and distributed letters, memps and
inquiry responses.

Coordimted the completion ofa federal physical mspection which obtained a 99 out of'a possible 100 points.

Maintained in-depth knowledge of competition through consistent evaluation of market conditions and trends.

Collected and kept carefill records of rental payments.
