FINANCE CONTROLLER
Summary
Established goals and objectives, developed policies and procedures, recruited and trained staff, initiated and enhanced automated systems.
Turned around "problem areas". Ensures compliance with and knowledge of govenmrental regulations and requirements. Defined and closely
monitored short-and long-term goals and objectives for all departents. Excels at interacting with broad populations including senior management,
staff, patients, and external auditors. Highly versatile, quickly masters’ new roks, responsibilities, technologies, and environments. Initiate and
spearheaded a special project resulting m measurable revenue growth; diffuses difficult situations with tact and case.

Skills

© Leadership/commumication skills

¢ Project management
’ eveaan i Ceibotsmcet ite onircnt
° Sire sane © Clint account mamgement
© Customer-oriented
Sail

Account reconciliation, accounting, administrative, budget preparation, budget, closing, commercial lending, contract negotiations, contracts,
(Sie COMM Do Cees LUMO Mme mind ceo murine rccllemmuiine seni arencms Geet leem
fimds, general ledger, grants, Human Resources, HR, Director, managing, Mental Health, Office, outlook, organizational, payroll, P.C., personnel,
quality, quality assurance, quality control, reporting, research, supervisor, tax planning, annual reports, year-end.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Science 1996 New york institute of teclnology City , State, USA

MBA: Finance 1998 New york institute of technology City , State , USA

schivor anes

Finance Controlkr 08/2010 to 09/2017 Company Name City , State

AA Mamaged team 100 professionals.

iz Oversees accounting and financial activitiesA

Pon Tee b apace cde alas get LN Ce Se Cee TLSLAZI

A M onitored timely and accurate monthly, quarterly and year-end closing process

%%% Prepared company forecasts and budget

iz4A Coordinated, monitored, and supported taxation requirements in compliance with and knowledge of governmental regulations and
requirements

PANU ecient ra Loe CeCe Rasta a aren Loan mingne lace tb ne ibangetr ance

Administrator 10/2008 to 09/2017 Company Name City , State

© Manage the 32-person Corporate Practice Group which specializes in the taxation and tax planning for corporations and sole proprietor-

hace

Wrote comprehensive practice manual for payroll taxation practice.

Analyzes financial statements of major corporations, large domestic and investment companies and broker/dealers to evaluate credit quality

geval bersnticedc eee

Prepare Credit Approval Summnries on client's financial position in light of current economic conditions and future business outlook.

Direct and implementation of financial operation, budget preparation and administration, audit, taxation, monthly closmg of books of record,

Bicwt a ccoralaconmibe nner Ratmame( nate a toy

* Prepares monthly, quarterly, and annual reports summarizing and forecasting business activities and financial position on income and
mance

CMe Palo eerie nlcnercmadl\ ed iS LeccHoretin cll me nar luineecioy

Manager of Finance 02/1997 to 12/2006 Company Name City , State

© Improved colkctions through the development of receivabks performance measurement system to which project supervisor are held
Breau nels

© Upgraded the accounting department including personnel, job descriptions and financial controls to meet the requirerents ofa growing

oyealnicalt oe

FcR Corl BU eee UP NOLO Ee eR Vct ener elce

Monitored, reviewed and evaluated budget projections, grants / budget vs. actual day-to-day expenses, and provided advice on budgetary

opportunities to address anticipated / projected shortfalls on an ongoing basis.

Provided quality assurance audits to maintain process quality control plans.

Assisted management in the development of long-term strategies and organizational impkerrentation plans.

Acted as lead on monthly budget projections and related research activities.

Researched, developed, and implemented budgetary strategies designed to effectively and efficiently accomplish the hospital's mission.

Worked as hospital / department liaison between the National Institute of Health (NIH), New York State Office of Mental Health

(NYSOMH), New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYCDMH), and private fimded research contracts, training

grants (NIH) T32 research related specific purpose fimds.

Controlkr 02/1990 to 12/1996 Company Narre City , State
¢ Established line of credit used in financing working capital requirements.
