SALES / FINANCE MANAGER

Summary

Looking out for a position as administration assistance with a reputed firm where I could use my core competencies and knowledge for the mutual
growth and benefit. A civil engineer / projects manager with more than 10 years of vast experience in management, planning, designing, bidding
and implerentation of civil construction projects of buiklings, Roads, hydraulic structures, solid waste transfer stations, waste water treatment
phnts, concrete paving, security projects and etc. Enthusiastic and hardworking professional with experience of travelling to project sites around
the country including remote environments with limited communications or logistical support. Possess a great record ofaccomplishirent of
contributing to continued business improvement processes and meeting the projects objectives. Professionally committed to delivering high quality
CUcoMU Ree cde Rem Me Ce Cee CUA MOL ARO MCCP aOR CMI DCREa iC EILem Men hce ee) CUCM olka LaL add
in administration, customer services, Auto finance and used cars selling with one of the best car dealership in Forest lane, Garland. Excellent
experience of doing business with United Auto Credit, Westlake and Lobel.

Highlights

Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS X Software: Microsoft Office, AutoCAD, Photoshop, PDF professional, MS Outlook.

schivor anes

Sales / Finance Manager Sep 2011 to Sep 2014

Company Name i City , State

¢ Determining annual unit and gross-profit plans by implementing marketing strategies and analyzing trends and results.

¢ Establishing saks objectives by forecasting and developing annual sales quotas for regjons and territories; projecting expected saks volume
PPS ORO Teeee CB LANm coe L ace

© Impkmenting sales programs by developing field sales action plans.

Maintaining sales volume, product mix, and selling price by keeping current with supply and demand, changing trends, economic indicators,

Brennen salem

Establishing and adjusting selling prices by monitoring car costs, competition, and supply and demand.

Contributing to team efforts by accomplishing related results as needed.

Manage the international sales.

Collecting payments follow with customers, customer services.

USACE/ CONTRACTOR (ALBASHIQ GROUP constructions and trading) MOSUL, NINEVEH, IRAQ.

Projects Manager Sep 2005 to Sep 2011
Company Name

FTE ey/AuaCuacllociireloTiceReelenn

Estimating activities of project bids then performing the job perfectly depend on the bid and perfect specifications.

Defining the projects objective and developing plans to accomplish the objectives.

Work in order to define the specific objective of the projects.

Including members of the project team in the plan developrrent phase.

Organizing fimction for involves identifying and securing necessary resources, determining tasks that must be completed, assigning the tasks,
dekgating authority, and motivating team members to work together on the project.

Determining what tasks must be completed.

Motivating members of the project team to work together in order to compkte the goal.

Tracking progress and comparing it with planned progress.

Sole problens and get the project back on track.

Responsible for guiding employees in achieving the goals and arrbitions of the company.

Srinagar ponemecoo Cpe Ceca Noe CNS TERT somite

Discussing with other members of the top management and devise any specific goals, which are to be accomplished within a certain time
period.

Oversecing all processes and pay minute attention to monthly or quarterly fimctioning of each individual practices.

Peco mercrmincside nse nial enartonke mene select ecsirRentt elie

Training, guiding and assisting the newly hired process employees, regarding handling daily processes and employee performance.
Conducting presentations to the higher managerment pertaining to business, marketing, and advertising strategies, and all other necessary
aspects of the company processes.

Communicating with clients and attracting new projects to the company for execution and finalization.

© Ensuring that every individual departrrent is giving their best possible outputs, and recommending and devising any new policies that are
likely to prove beneficial to the goodwill of the company.

Conducting quarterly, semiannual and yearly general meetings for presenting the profits, gains and achievements of the company.

e AL-MAHER GROUP constructions and trading) MOSUL, NINEVEH, IRAQ.

S Ureea ce Elrsico wh (ot mAl URBAN IUPAt Un)

¢ http/Avww.almaher-iraq.com

© Managing the tasks is performed to the fillest of the efficiency.

* Planning out an organizational structure to bring out ease and flow in the tasks.

¢ Suggesting new policies and modifications in order to reform the nature of work.

© Developing good relations with my colleagues and motivate them to do well by appreciating their good performances.
* Participating in meetings, discussions, projects site visits workshops and hearings.
