SENIOR STUDENT FINANCE SPECIALIST
Summary

A dedicated and focused business professional with 12 years of extensive experience in analyzing and researching data to find solutions to issues.
An expert in investigation and critical thinking, a very well detail oriented individual who is adaptive to change, and building relationships with tears
and managers. I am currently seeking for a career where my skills and abilities can be usefill to the company as well as to challenge my growth.

schivor anes
Senior Student Finance Specialist
REA ORR Gaara erie celia nti ek t/a OL NBEO] Ce

SUMMARY I ama dedicated and focused business professional with 12 years of extensive experience in analyzing and researching data to
Fine Ree) een r en

T aman expert in investigation and critical thinking, a very well detail oriented individual who is adaptive to change, and building relationships
SLM ecteoIN Brat atnane

T amcurrently seeking for a career where my skills and abilities can be usefill to the company as well as to challenge my growth.

© Evaluates students’ Financial Aid's compliance with school’ regulations and control.

Assessments include: ISIR and c-code evaluation, Loans and Grants eligibility, grades and attendance reviews, and QA on other
miscellaneous documents such as Proof of HS graduation.

Responsible for performing daily Title IV and Tuition Refimd calculations.

Maintains the students' general ledger by assuring all the Academic Years are balanced.

Main adviser of students’ credit balances assisting other teams and departrents.

Processes National Student Loan Database (NSLDS), Student Status Confirmation Reports (SSCR) and submit accurate reports on tine,
lite coonmealraneitcets slain

Emphasis on time management to meet month end and quarter end deadlines.

Supports interdepartmental teams regarding any issues with out of school students.

Ampk use of Microsoft Excel - viookups, pivottables, formuhs, creating simple macros, etc.

Promoted from Student Accounts Processor in which responsibilities included all postings to the ledger (Financial Aid finding, credit card
refimds and ACH returns, and reapplications of payments in CampusVue, reviewed Agency Sponsors, and sent out wires to Higher One.)
Takes on projects when needed, as well as works on weekends during month/quarter end.

Invoicing Associate
RES AUR Ran mA eRe lian clea LON mEST l(c

Researched and assigned the correct identifiers for each customers based on their regions.

Performed updates and moverments of customers based on their regions.

Utilized independent decision making skills on each assignment with the use of diverse software, and computer applications.
rm

TCAM, Execustar, SAM, SAART Web, CIAM, and Q Messenger).

Resolved issues conceming accounts that are in the wrong channels for the Sales Operation Lead.

Retained database by determining customer's legal corporate structures and hierarchies.

Created procedures for TCAM usage for new hires and for fiture references.

PX oaupe nova ccee 1)
January 2007 to January 2008 Company Name i City , State

Investigated and adjusted Item Processing Center's bank teller errors based on their regions.

Processed requests on items posting twice, missing items, source of receipt, listed not enclosed, photo and original items, encoding errors,
Prebieccynegesc alam tice

Validated all of Bank of America’s adjustirents to Banco Popular by debiting or crediting appropriate accounts.

Performed debits from accounts that engaged in fraudulent cashing of Social Security checks and created Protest Letters for the customers.
Attended telephone inquiries on pending credits and cases from both intemal and external customers along with correspondent banks.
Processed several charge-off items that are past due deadlines in order to accurately debit or credit affiliated banks.

January 2003 to January 2007 Company Name i City , State

Proof Processor promoted to Teller Processed customer's transactions, performed bank by mail and night drop deposits.

Balanced the ATM, coin vault, cash vault, and other monetary instrurents (Travelers checks, Money order and Official checks) daily.
Answered to customer's inquiries or questions and attended telephone calls from customer services for firther assistance.

Reviewed teller transactions, corrected the errors, and balanced the accounts in question.

Entered checks and corrected rejected items from the proof processing machine and manually looking up the check in question and typing
sn Nerel naa

Performed the entire end of the night duties such as balancing accounts and adding the totals for other affiliated banks to be mailed out to La
Salle or Federal Banks.

Assigned the role to audit co-workers and assume supervisory position on weekend because ofa proven track record of dependability
Created training procedures for the Item Processing Department for First American Bank, and other banks that were also processed by
FAB.
