FINANCE AND SALES CONSULTANT
Urotecroral Rin iisa

Finance and Saks with management training experience and exceptional peopk skils. Versed in strategic keadership rokes and responsible for
training small groups of new hires. Desires a challenging rok as your Finance and Insurance Manager.

Core Qualifications

OBER ctu es nae numcoa cm

Real Estate and Vehicle Sales. ¢ 94% finance approval rate.

MResnntegy Ry Con eonilekc var Bers ee ere 0 MMSE OCS. S Coe
MirhecebeRVnatuain ce elo © 100% Up sells on products and services.
Finance expert

Experience
Dieser RSE ROO SHBG
January 2015 to January 2016 Company Name - City , State

Direct contact for customers Looking to Finance their Newly purchased vehicks.

Having a strong ability to discuss Finance decisions and making tailored recommendations for the best offer that fits their situation.

In direct contact, when needed, with our different lenders to assist in closing.

Planned and executed a class of four New Hires Training them in the art of Sales and Finance and hater Training and mentoring another

AY anialelnhouarnm War cons ecrtnem iia wen ace ecm

Seri anrect eR USN ip iucke oat eke eer OuleR UM nrLoe cba dbecn arse cCSrredineRu UL Gea orang Okan rent)
with plans to better themselves with the company and working together to enhance their successes.

In the process of being trained in Management When needed would act as Assistant Sales Manager helping Saks Consultants with selling
and exphining finance decisions and to Customers to assist in closing the sak.

Point of contact when customers Enter and Exit the store.

Exphining how our facility operates.

Adding and deleting Customers on our wait lists and putting them at ease with our wait times.

Making Observations for our Saks associates to maintain good enthusiasm and exciternent within their job descriptions.

ew PeNeuOM eS cH ule Oni cere ener ccs colina colag mh acalne woe cena a exit acanasnny cel any
OLA Kom liaicceRa emilee hed mune okec orl ene iekarccr cm encannieR ns mciiat etm

AV EXPL anne Es arse ekes eee Oh ercieccg 21 Com

PEEPS oor ciNon oes asin rod em LUI Reet ull Mayenne Reelrniem
© The ability to hold a 75% up sell ratio on "Gap Insurance”.

Saks Associate
October 2013 to January 2015 Company Name - City, State

Identifying each vehicle to tailor to the Customers needs and wants.

Monitored prep of vehicles and their timely delivery.

Working Directly with Management to ensure vehick is sold.

Answering email leads and answering the phone to assist in developing Car Saks.
Increased sales by 20% over a two-year period.

Clee em ore Len like concensis ascii a OIC OCs

Maintained an average of 15 cars a month.

AN era R@om er care okerciieeucc Once mc ay com

Having the ability to counsel Customers in their decisions to purchase.

SCD SAI athanls
September 2013 to December 2014 Company Nam - City, State

Rol a wav iat a

Advertising and Marketing Own Real Estate Business under a Broker Name
Creating a large Client base From Networking and constant Calls and Mailings

Listing homes on The M.L-S and other Real Estate based advertisements.

ISO) cine RI RCCN ee eee OAR Coe BLO

Negotiating with other Buyers Agents in the Sale of my Clients Home.

Petes DECCAN Aan a bse Bun peli g necte nl Cate

Hold 4€ceOpen Housesa€ and accepting offers from potential Buyers.

Present on the Day of closing with my client and making sure all Title work is compkte.
Assisting Investors in Listing their homes for Sale or Rent.

ASTANA
