FINANCE MANAGER
Summry
Highly organized and detail-focused Accounting Technician with an exceptional track record of accurately handling financial reporting in deadline-
Oro con eam Ce Nexon salem neice kei mecnrelmeeecnniceenasnencereuictaae Ren acres
OCA cratcom alae nee eRe anne trenlAe sta ouaeclne estan Bcecieaa) RCT crren CRONE NRC Cel iD ems Ure aronan bert estts ne
accounts payabk and accounts receivable, generating invoices and monthly statements for clients. Proven ability to identify and implement
Fi eae ROR ced emcee mena lia Grae ebeiee eatin
Shaner

¢ Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Financial Edge and QuickBooks and abke to kam proprietary systems/applications quickly and easily.

Ca 0g peonaey

© Quarterly Reports

© Accounts Payabk/Receivable *Budget Preparation

© Process Improverrent *Financial Statements

¢ Reconciliation

Experience
I Ssthecsy aussie
Novenber 2009 to October 2015 Company Nanr - City, State

rere celle eReeice nim Muiscers Omtnnral bteass) anid

Prepare financial statements with budget and actual comparisons using Financial Edge.
(Xen ewe soienekerconeessib veo raesn cnet emp ece cea atom

Prepare iterns and schedules for annual compliance and financial audits.

Prepares account and bank reconciliations.

Obtain bids and proposals as applicable for capital equipment, fixed assets, and services.
Maintain fixed assets files.

Manage credit card assignment and limits.

Prepare and manage job descriptions, orientation and departure paper.

Process background checks for staffand board members.

Maintain personnel files for all employees.

Act as liaison with payroll service to process bi-weekly payroll and maintain paid time offrecords.

Accounting Technician
October 2006 to July 2009 Company Name - City

Performed doubk-entry accrual accounting work in order to maintain a combination of journals and Iedgers.

SANT Lemon mE NUn cer Clea h aoc uann cicbndaineg suerte ecm lolba pon e\ ya lCMP DeBoer pres tm

Determined the mathermtical correctness, validity, and clerical accuracy of the documents,

Resolved disagreements by contacting vendor, prepared documents with supporting backup, coded documents, and posted to appropriate
kedger or journal.

Maintained records to track expenditures for over 30 building projects to ensure budget is not exceeded.

Moe cb nalicn ee ceo maui ivan P adcamlenenncresei bine ie

Produced and reviewed financial reports.

Excelled within a fast-paced environment, continually taking on increased levels of responsibility.

Owner/Bookkeeper
January 2006 to July 2006 Company Name - City, State

¢ Provided fill-charge bookkeeping service to small business owners.

Managed all financial transactions, posted debits and credits, produced financial statements, and recorded all transactions with strict
attention to details.

Managed accounts payabks, accounts receivables, journal entries, 1099 fons, and tax preparation.
ower ecmined lance kane nace

Cdrar Cis en NNA IAI ance tnem ne eR MAS On Ce

Prepared financial summaries using Microsoft Excel detailng companies’ financial status.

Generated bank deposits, verified and balanced receipts.

Researched and resolved billing and collections disputes.

Served as liaison with Certified Public Accountants.

PCA Ra ban RW Een eters neRe Lem

Provided notary services.

lO}iieaonanay
April 2003 to December 2005 Company Name - City, State

¢ Established and maintained filing system
