FINANCE ASSISTANT

Professional Summary

Customer Service Rep/Administrative Assistant with 6 years of experience in a sensitive corporate environment. Outgoing and detail-oriented,
Proficient at building and maintaining personal and professional relationships. Associate's Degree in English.

schivor anes

Finance Assistant 09/2016 to 08/2017 Company Name City , State

Responsible for overseeing and organizing customer files. Maintained confidential customer and company information. Established strong
relationships with our accounting, sales, and managers. Packaged customer contracts with all required documents to go out to different lenders for
financing. Maintained strong relationships with lender representatives.

CSR 04/2016 to 09/2016 Company Name City , State Responsible for making sure that the applicant was verified and met all requirements to be
approved for the loan, all information on applications were correct. Made bank deposits daily. Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers
in multiple checkout stations. Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper fimetioning.
Accurately logged all daily activity with customers who were due, and over due.

Title Clerk 10/2015 to 02/2016 Company Name City , State Processed car deals, verified costs including reconditioning and equipment add-ons.
Managed all information regarding motor vehicle registration including legal and state-required documents. Responsible for preparing all tax, tithe
documents and payoff checks for new vehicles and trade-ins. Posted vehick sales and purchases.A Cut checks for vehicle purchases from auction
deakrs and customer referrals. Created spreadsheets to log all vehicle purchases. 4€<Processed all aftermarket vehicle add ons.
Cashier/Receptionist 07/2014 to 08/2017 Company Name City , State Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding
to busy multi-line telephone and in-person requests for information. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Constant entering of data into database while maintaining all other duties. Receiving money, receipting, customer service and all other basic
Rowan Kelli bem

Cashier/CSR 11/2010 to 04/2014 Company Name City , State

Effectively completed procedures involving receiving, marking, and checking in merchandise. Issued receipts, refimds, credits, or changed due to
customers. Assisted Managers in the day-to-day running of the store in ine with Corporate Sales procedures.

als

Accounting, administrative, ADP, automobiles, Balance, cash deposits, cash handling, clerical, Closing, draw, financing, financial, finds, inventory,
kegal, egal documents, Logging, managing, marketing, Excel, Microsoft Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, NSF, processing payments, printer,
purchasing, reading, repairs, retail, sales, sales reports, spreadsheet, tax, telephone, telephones, year-end

brairestbeny

Associate of Arts : English Spring 2014 South Suburban College
