FINANCE OPERATIONS/ SUPERVISOR MANAGER
Professional Summary

Looking for a position as Manager in. a company that provides an open enviroment with many opportunities for continuous growth. am highly
motivated achiever who is recognized for combining program excellence, integrity, and innovation with best practices and disciplined attention to
achieving immediate and long-term goals and objectives

Core Qualifications

CREST ee eatin eR ticy
Exceptional at resolving
compkx problens

Excellent communication skills
both verbal and written

Good at presentations and
conducting trainings for

Microsoft Office 2010 Window XP (Word, Power Point, Excel, Access), Vista, People Soff, Ensemble, employees
Vantive/Newt, Agent Works, Web Client, Total View/IEX, Intemet Explorer, 1SourceCenter Cee Shorea emace hums Buccs
Connect,ICare , Call Support Tools. Amdocs, Exony &Cisco systems ,10-key by touch: ability to motivate others

Great interpersonal skills and
fiver Sam eee VRMESt ebay
el slaiicetee maior)
conflicts

© Time-managerent and multi
Pen oe all

schivor anes
Company Name City , State Finance Operations/ Supervisor Manager 09/1999 to 02/2012
Company Name City , State Customer Relations Manager 03/2012 to Current

Supervise and manage the daily operations of employees.
Successfillly led key projects which resulted in employee of the month Monitor employee performance to ensure goals and objectives are
met and/or exceed and that quality contro! techniques are utilied by each employee.

¢ Responsible for customer satisfaction and the implementation performance and service standards related to Sprint Nextel Direct Service.
© Prepare daily reports of key mikstones as management tool to ensure that performance levels for each employee are properly documented

for use during the mid-year and annual evaluations.

Ensure new hires are familiar with the day to day administrative operations of the organization and have all the necessary took to perform
daily tasks efficiently and effectively.

eae Rr bette herb Lenscccl a

Counsel employees on defining career and work related goals and objectives.

Advise employees when necessary of opportunities and/or training that would enhance career opportunities at the company.

Knowledge of principles and processes for providing good customer and personal service.

Dato ec cn Gr enlivarcTHM Mi hrcaeut ecw Oeetl | eect neRr oe uamtiltLalra lm

Responsible for tracking customer claim information in system database and negotiating resolution of comphints that can be handled on the
Pete Pato

Ureecetmuere Tice eb ED cco leben macliHaLeneduulmiekelcOnpominemhekaeet esa

Assist customers with routine requests, questions, and concems regarding various store policies and their accounts.

Research billing inquiries to ensure customers receive the best service possible.

Work in conjunction with upper management/ director to identify performance gaps and develop departmental budget and controls in the
ererluelice

Provide written and verbal feedback regarding work results.

Develop and implement processes and/or operational improverrents to enhance efficiency and efléctiveness of the operations.

Ensure that productivity meets or exceed service and quality standards.

Successfilly developed and implemented several creative employee incentives for processing regional, government and corporate
collections and establishing new accounts.

Successfillly refined and implemented new projects focused on aiding the Center in processing collections more efficiently and eflectively
closing gaps in process.

Prepare daily reports of collection and customer care receipt transactions and disbursements.

Reconcile daily accounts payable, accounts receivable and cash receipt transactions in general ledger.

Ensure that all monetary transactions are properly documented.

Review and monitor reports as required (.e., daily time sheets, budgets, etc.).

Interface with other business units to ensure timely completion of work.

Outstanding interpersonal, motivational and presentation Driving business decisions.

Can think strategically in order to create a vision and set company direction.

Generating innovative ideas that are cost-efléctive ensuring profitability to the company.

Impkmenting change in the work process to optimize productivity.
