FINANCE DIRECTOR
Professional Summary

Results oriented, dependable and motivated professional with 15 years of various experience in the field ofaccounting, payroll, tax, procurement
and administration. Desires a challenging role in business processes.

Core Qualifications
* General and Tax Accounting © Strong organizational skills
¢ Account reconciliation « Amlytical skills
© Budget forecasting expertise * Flexible team player
* Financial staterrent analysis © Staffdevelopment
© Compensation and benefits administration © Supervision and training
CRESS cub elanen rivet! * Problem resolution
Lae (ven omaai arty Csencanpiarauanend
© Poilcy/program development © Strategic
© Certified Public Accountant (Philippines) * Good listener
* Proficiency in Oracle Financials, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Dynamics, Peach Tree Accounting © Customer relationship
© Service Orientation

schivor anes
Finance Director
June 2003 to Jamary 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

Manage all aspects of accounting operations, oversecing day to day transactions related to general ledger, accounts payable, accounts
receivabk, fixed assets, cash accounts, payroll and purchasing.

Reviews financial statements.

Reviews results of operations and ensures proper reporting to program head to understand revenue and cost drivers and define appropriate
reports for monitoring improverrent.

isiivew eleva iemnceinea hated

Develops financial models for comparative analysis of vendor proposals, compensation package, client pricing and budget proposals.
Manages cash flow.

Signs checks based on assigned approval authority.

Manage the maintenance and creation of corporate accounting, payroll and purchasing policies.

Oranges ouoecHiemeucheccmubcceclnemi hese aLes yew om

Handks external audits and regulatory exams.

Reviews and approves payroll.

Regularly reviews template of employee contracts and benefits to ensure that it is updated based on approved compensation package and
ainee ce thivanyatce

Assisted injob grading projects.

Reviews and approves purchase orders based on assigned approval authority, recommends approval of capital improvements and
purchases recommending board approval.

Develops team menbers by setting objectives, providing performance reviews and coaching.

Monitors team adherence to department scheduled reports and deliverables and control procedures.

Manage external relationship with banks, auditors, wyers, vendors/service providers and government representatives.

Assisted in duc diligence for company acquisitions.

Handkd implerentation of accounting system

Reviews contracts with vendors and ensures coverage ofall discussed clauses.

Fe CPCE eOu pur enerinA unl a riiewe Sces eke Bune edtintce

Finance Officer
October 2000 to May 2013 Company Name 1 City , State

Prepares financial statement of regional headquarters.

Consolidates financial statement of companies and reports to the higher management.
Reviews financial statement and schedules of operating company.

Provides variance analysis against approved budget.

Manage cash flow and projection.

Oversee preparation of client invoices and supporting documentation.

Drtteken i sista ael ome ntle eerie

Ditte Urey MENT Pea RLG Le om

Preparation of tax schedules, retums, information and other regulatory reports.
Prepares payroll and tax documents of higher management.

Reviews regular payroll and tax documentation.

Maintains regular review of accounting policies, ensures proper implementation and creation of new policies in case of need.
Handks performance review and coaching of the accounting team and payroll teams.
