SENIOR FINANCE MANAGER

Summary

Highly driven finance professional with over 8 years of progressive experience in the advertising and entertaiment industry. Extremely proficient
with managing month-end, quarter-end, and year-end deadlines.

Highlights

Staffrmnagerent/developrent

Balance sheet reconciliations

Process improvement

Managing audit requests

Financial reporting

Cash flow analysis

Budget development

Excellent research and financial analysis abilities Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft PowerPoint. Experience with SAP
R3/BW, Macononry, Business Objects, JD Edwards

schivor anes
Senior Finance Manager
January 2015 to January 2016 Company Name

Supervise the media finance, production, client finance, accounts payable and accounts receivable departrents.

Manage the monthly accounting close and consolidation of monthly reports.

Manage the monthly accounting close efficiently and accurately.

Prepare monthly financial statements (Balance Sheet, P&L, Cash Flow) & variance analysis for the company.

Analyze intercompany transactions and oversee monthly reconciliations.

Provide weekly cash flow projections to CFO and manage cash balances with Dir.

of Treasury.

Manage internal and external audits, ensure good and efléctive intemal controls are in place.

Assist in establishing accounting and operational policies/procedures as well as consistent reporting for each department.
Assist in kading the implementation of Maconomy system across the office which includes training and streamlining policies.
Review and post all entities' journal entries ensuring completeness and accuracy.

Ensure that all monthly balance sheet reconciliations are completed and any reconciling items are addressed and resolved.
Coordinate and serve as primary contact with Company's extemal auditors, ensuring that accounting transactions are complete and accurate
prior to external audits.

Manage internal and external audits, ensure good and efléctive intemal controls are in place.

Provide timely reporting to department heads and upper management.

Ogilvy Public Relations- Client Finance Manager
January 2015 to January 2015

Manage the billing fimetion for the West region.

Prepare and provide weekly revenue trending analysis to account teams.

Prepare monthly staff utilization/projections reports to senior account leads.

Assist account teams with new vendor set-up, vendor invoice processing, and purchase order set-up.
Manstagneuaeauenrias orl Pavmbee tines

Conduct timesheet audits and follow up with staffon the submitting and approving of weekly timesheets.
Provide ad hoc reports and analysis to account and finance tears.

Senior Financial Analyst
January 2012 to January 2015 Company Name

Validated and approved forecast rate assumptions provided by global procurement team.
Prepared weekly market commodity report.

AAisiicebislicaa ciccmicotdenmereanicatnancge) acy

Prepared and analyzed monthly zine actuals report.

Analyzed month-end results against quarterly and yearly forecasts.

Prepared presentation decks for forecast meetings.

Prepared ad hoc reports as requested by senior managers and executive tears.

Senior Financial Analyst
January 2008 to January 2012 Company Name

Performed revenue analysis, cost analysis, and utilization analysis on a monthly basis and provide reports to Finance Director and CFO.
Analyzed financial results against the forecast and prior year results to measure current performance.

Reported monthly and year to date figures to the corporate office.

Prepared journal entries and schedules for monthly close.

Processed invoices, expense reports, and review purchase orders to ensure that all are in line with corporate policies.
