FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SPECIALIST
schivor anes

Finance And Accounting Specialist , 11/2005 to 11/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

PEE Ov slice or VAN IE eeeenaneg NConntUa SME icleC LE Deim a le mecciccy

Reconciled financial accounts using Innoprise software.

Assisted in the implementation of Innoprise and Water software.

Managed all payments processing, invoicing and collections tasks.

Processed invoice payments and recorded information in account database.

Increased customer satisfaction by greeting visitors promptly and professionally.

oe hcckcoicteol ear amoRriiisa a cemrenicd kee chemo eniCrineRuansele

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.

Buyer , 07/1996 to 02/2005
Company Name 4€“ City , State

® Worked closely with managers to plan buys.

¢ Directed transportation initiatives to maximize efficiency.

© Performed detailed reviewed of high and low performing products.

© Recommended optimal suppliers affer qualifying vendors and evaluating proposals.

© Negotiated favorable contracts and determined lowest possible cost, factoring in quality and reliability, by analyzing data.

Administrative Assistant , 03/1990 to 05/1995
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Planned travel arrangements, meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.

Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports.

Created weekly and monthly reports and presentations.

Managed the day-to-day calendar for the company’s senior director.

Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.

oxcunineorneEsCl im

Received and screened a high volume of intemal and external communications.

Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.

Executive Administrative Assistant , 11/1979 to 06/1985
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Scheduled Board of Directors meetings and assisted with meeting materials and agendas.

* Maintained and coordinated executive and senior management vacation, day-to-day meeting and travel schedules.

© Colkborated with other administrative team members, human resources and the finance department on special projects and events.
© Wrote and distributed meeting minutes to appropriate individuals.

Software Tester , 06/1985 to 11/1989
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Prepared and presented technical proposals for clients.

© Troubleshooter and resolved web application issues escalated from customer support and other departments with a 100% success rate.
CPCS COIN Ces rr onlonecenes os eanecken cert ccmtctilensie chase rnicl Laem

© Developed application framework that served as the comerstone for a highly successful thin-client web applications strategy.

© Designed, documented and executed maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch management and system backups.

© Designed complex interfaces to support third party systems.

Booking Clerk , 07/1972 to 10/1979
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.

brairestbeny

Associate of Science : Accounting Business Lake Michigan College - City , State

FXcust tee] waP ae sito ec)

Associate of Applied Science : Computer Science Accounting Milwaukee Area Technical College - City , State
Computer Science Accounting GPA: 75
