FINANCE BUSINESS PARTNER
Summary

Finance Business Partner adept at effectively managing financial needs of various Corporate fimctions including auditing, and providing analytics of
periodic performance results. Areas of expertise include budgeting, forecasting, allocations, cost reductions, project management and fostering
(ice mslbers tee

Highlights
© Strategic and financial planning expert
© SOX Compliance
* Oracle ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning), and Hyperion Planning software
¢ Financial planning and forecasting, Data analysis

PEE OI soromce bet
© Data trending and Projections

Accomplishments
Increased cost-effectiveness by (XX)% through compliance enforcement and implementation of a rigorous quality control system,

schivor anes
Sie sesLee tniog
Nor ramet rian moar sin ante O SMMC

© Responsible for financial planning of 5 - 6 corporate fimetions (Center of Excellence), including budgeting, forecasting, variance analysis,
reporting with relevant analytics.
® Monthly financial review and recommend cost management.

¢ Responsible for completing financial and business reviews of various Hertz operations including the following: Sarbanes Oxley (SOX), NA

Treasury and Financial Operations - Evaluated control effectiveness over Treasury Operations (cash management) and Financial Operations

(Investments, debt leveraging, and derivative transactions).

Coordinated reviews with PricewaterHouseCoopers (PwC) to ensure accurate Financial Reporting.

HERC Fket Operations - Evaluated the efficiency and adequacy of intemal controls over HERC fleet operations (depreciation, equipment

disposal, maintenance, product support and warranty) within the corporation's equipment rental division.

© Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Comorate Tax Audit - Verified control effectiveness over the 2006 Hertz Tax Provision calculations (Deferred
Income Taxes, Effective Tax Rate (EFT), and Tax Provision).

© Hertz Annual Bonus Audit - Verified the accuracy of 2004, 2005, and 2006 Hertz Annual Bonus Awards in accordance with bonus plan

specifications approved by the Compensation Committee for the various Hertz Divisions.

Hertz Chis Management - Reviewed effectiveness and adequacy of internal controls over Hertz Claims Processes.

Evaluated workers compensation chims administered by Third Party Administrators (TPA), and ensured adherence to Federal and State

reguhtions.

Licensee/Franchise Audits: International Franchise Audits - Reviewed the operations and revenue reported by the following licensee.

Audited two licensees with operations in Yucatan and Sonora States of Mexico, (Nov 2006), which resulted ina $500K and $100K

BRC neiecseut ie

© Audited the Costa Rica Licensee (Sept 2005), resulted in an assessment of $81K.

January 2003 Company Name i City , State

« Analyzed historical data (transactions) to determined transaction rate that maximizes process flow at the store checkouts (point of sales).

* Identified lack of excess capacity at store checkouts points and under utilization of existing labor force (improper scheduling procedures).

© Recommended a pull scheduling system to rephce the generic scheduling procedure and training of employees to perform muttifinctional
roks that created dependable excess capacity.

¢ Increased cost efficiency, projected at $1.5M per annum

September 2004 to October 2004 Company Name

© Review operations of the South Capital U-Haul location to identify inefficiencies and recommend process improverment to increase
profitability.
© Defined, measured and analyzed customer needs to enhance operational controk at the location.

Manager
January 1998 to January 2000

¢ Analyzed and introduced a financial profitability model that realized a 15% revenue growth from capitalizing on the spill over effect of
competitor's promotion.

© Reorganized departrrental structure and introduced electronic scan receiving procedures, which increased labor productivity and
technological efficiency by 50%.
