FINANCE MANAGER,
Summary
Skilled Operations Manager talented at improving team performance through innovative management techniques. Offers thoughtfil, comprehensive
and constructive feedback to staff members to promote productivity and company loyalty.
Highlights
CMO arliormianeenr ets
* Customer Relations
CR dive iecieeemyetiarren
Fleet Management
Budgeting & Forecasting
Audits
Logistics
yXecerinusied
P&L Managenent
Business Development
Quality Assurance & Control
Collection Management
Proficient in MS Excel, MS Access, MS Project, Quicken, MS PowerPoint, Inoviswork, SAP, Orack ERP, Kronos

Accomplishments

CEB Gerccekon i a APA eirelubenicalcen tom ecbond ober zc te ale

¢ Reduced staff tumover by 45% in one year by implementing several well-received team and morak-building programs.
© Quulified location for 2 million dollar remodel by increasing sales 30% through retraining of sales team

* Created critical KPIs to track and improve om-time delivery, customer issues and safety statistics.

Se icant eR auEn rear Me aire ioe

schivor anes
RU Cer @tacans
Sirs Acoma NCD A OSM

© Partner with Product Management and Purchasing Team in determining financial impact due to product cost reductions, new product roll
out, ete.

Performed financial statement audits of security broker dealers for purposes of SEC/FINRA purposes.

Completed monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for 11 small companies.

As appropriate, based on findings make proposal for operational changes (policy, procedures, processes, etc.) Fulfill responsibilities under
OHSAS 18001, understand and fully support OHSAS 18001 system

PRR OREN
Drees oluom Goer sctie Nc AOl yam eld

* Determine the hiring needs of the store, interview prospects, and bring on board store associates that will work courteously, efficiently, and
effectively to meet the store's operational goals.

© Developed and managed annual operating budgets for 4 locations in the division.

© Recruited, hired and tramedA 20 new employees forA DistrictA ManagerentA and Store Managerrent

CMe SrtekusoriveilpseLecwr dmeenettuccmicelcocne Ropes Rice mae niene od

06/2010 to 11/2012
Operations Manager Company Name 14 City , State

© Enhance the operational procedure, systems and principles in the areas of information flow and management, business processes and
enhanced management reporting

© Organize and intensify efficiency support services by ameliorating fimctions and coordinating communication between businesses and

ihe eeamirinet etc)

Performa meaningful role in long-term planning and establishrent initiatives aimed at operational distinction

Supervise overall planning systerns, financial management and control Organizing the budget of the company in collaboration with the

Colivcettele

06/2001 to 06/2010
(Coron Unicom OO NANDA OSI 1G

¢ Increased profits by 20% in first year, resulting in one of the best possible ROI's.

© Cut cost of goods sold by 13% by negotiating lower freight rates and increasing standards of product quality.
* Identified need for comprehensive business management solutions.

¢ Developed training program for new employees that company implemented nation wide.

Education
