FINANCE MANAGER,
Summry
Flexible Accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. Adept at budget forecasting, financial

reporting, Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowkdge
of accounting software and processes.

Sheen

¢ Financial statement analysis
© Analytical reasoning

¢ Account reconciliation expert

Effective time management
Excellent managerial techniques

Superior research skills

cd
cd
¢ Strength in reguhtory reporting Strong organizational skills
C7
cd

© Conpkx probkmsolving

Flexible team player

Accomplishments

Reviewed processes and identified inadequate.

Experience
Sistem auynag
May 2008 to Current Company Nanr - City , State

Supervision of Accounting employees including hiring, coaching, training and compkting employee evaluations in a timely manner.
Develop and generate daily, monthly, quarterly and year end processes and preparation of financial statements and related management
Sei

Coordination and management of daily cash transfers.

Maintain general ledger accounts in balance with sub-ledgers.

FN er ON Moanin Rey MrT (tctratcy

Analyze and review expenditures compared to budget.

Maintain accounting contro! procedures.

Communicate with staffand members efficiently and timely.

Assist Internal and external auditors in completing audits.

Improve, redesign and re-engineer existing accounting systems.

PT cree m ect MOel ino Bsic eR OUnUnNA@Onr ito

ovo Wee Re a AUR Cee more mer trem anne ick wna nee OU lM@Blen bry esa

Financial Analyst II
Noverber 2000 to April 2008 Company Nanr - City , State

Produced financial information for billing and reporting for Federal, State and County contracts,
Performed general ledger reconciliation and prepare any correcting entries.

cores palratue Ke eee cn eeeence eo br Niueclestieneeen ces

Tracked and reconciled Long and Short Term Debt.

Liaison to program managenent with respect to financial informtion, contract compliance and budgetary matters.
Reviewed and monitored the preparation of audit schedules for any required Agency audits.
Assisted the Director of Finance in developing budgets and with budgetary analysis.

Improved, redesigned and re-engineered existing accounting systems.

Coordimted conversion ofnew computer software and hardware.

Member of the Internal Loan Committee providing review and approval of Micro Business Loans.
eee) BOM NRO ar LO NR ncau eke Ler me Boinane

PNETce On were ei Lcn yon

(Oo) eeesiemaraeericlnd
August 1998 to October 2000 Company Name - City , State

Developed and monitored operating and capital budgets.

Managed and reviewed all fictions regarding financial statement preparation.
Provided analysis, produced reports and developed specialized reports for management.
Managed, reviewed and approved A/P and A/R.

Performed all general ledger reconciliation.

PSO s OP n OM UN Ueto ence TB le aU eis

Provided work direction and review to kess experienced associates.
Improved, redesigned and re-engineered existing accounting systems.
Coordinated conversion of new computer software and hardware.

Provided support and assistance to Corporate Controlkr.

Relais ore were aiceny ete
