FINANCE BUSINESS PARTNER

Summary

Strategic and analytical finance professional with 6+ years of success in financial planning and analysis. Highly motivated Fiance Business Partner
A who thrives in dynamic environments. Excellent financial reporting, budget forecasting and and relationship-building skils.

Highlights

SAP Business Intelligence, Business Planning Consolidation, Capital IQ, Thomson ONE, Bloomberg, Microsoft Office, Host Analytics

Accomplishments

Led the implementation of new financial planning tool, Integrated Planning, to allow for more efficient and accurate plhnningA
schivor anes

06/2015 to Current

Finance Business Partner Company Name i City , State

© Led and managed team in providing strategic insights into Americas DTC (ecommerce and retail) and eyewear product business lines,
increasing visibility to the business and buikding models that analyzed potential growth opportunities and their financial impact, such as:.
Cannibalization and margin impact of opening up distribution to new whoksale customers,.

Analyzing the economics of licensing one of the company's product lines.

Online loyalty program contribution models.

Off price liquidation strategy determining a tiered sell-off prioritization, with consideration of brand dilution, that resulted in incremental
margin dollars.

Worked directly with GM of Americas and VP of Retail to develop 5-year retail long range strategic plan, building out pro formas and
capital expenditure requirements for four different store concepts that served as guidelines for real estate selection and store builds;
Highlighted operational efficiencies that would allow the channel to build out a sustainable growth model.

© Led finance fiction in designing and building integrated planning solution in SAP Business Intelligence, working cross-fimctionally with IT
team, to meet time-sensitive deadline; Added planning capabilities, such as relevant reference data and push-down capability, increasing
efficiency of planning process and input of final forecast data into financial planning systen, Emphasize region, channel and product
profitability, the first time the company was given that kvel of visbility, As knowledge expert, trained FP&A team on how to effectively use
tool and documented entire financial planning process.

Helped in the re-design of monthly financial reporting package, providing timely and consistent insight into the business to Board of
Directors and Leadership team through improved visibility into sales, margin, SG&A and profitability of business units along with three
statement (P/L, balance sheet and cash flow) snapshots; Helped drive monthly close ftom 10 to 5 days, working collaboratively with
accounting team to tighten up AP and accrual processes through adoption of finance calendar.

Performed detailed and change-inducing ad-hoc analysis, including proactively undertaking a comprehensive data-driven material ID
project, which analyzed entire footwear line by width and depth which resulted in decision whether consolidate and tighten the product line;
Integrated data from multiple financial and information systems to improve organizational decision-making, including margin analysis to
calcultte profitability of new and existing product lines, resulting in increased focus on core product by providing visbility of non- productive
peceet a al om

06/2012 to 06/2015
Financial Analyst

© Worked collaboratively with budget managers to plan annual budgets, quarterly and rolling forecasts for Americas DTC sales channels and
back office fimctions, buikding out full projected profit/loss statements with dilution factors; assisted in cakculation/projection of consolidated
income statement and validated accuracy and reasonableness of forecasts.

© Established strong working relationships with budget managers, meeting monthly to present profit/loss statements and budget versus actual
analysis to review results, identify potential risks, opportunities and potential cost savings measures in order to eflectively manage resources
across the organization.

© Contributed to key aspects of leveraged buyout of TOMS to Bain Capital, including due diligence of historical financials and building out
detailed centralized sakes database.

01/2012 to 06/2012
Pra a Gur NANI ELLOS MESIAL

© Performed closed shop analysis for 55 U.S.
* mals in Westfield portfolio and analyzed leasing revenue and costs for recenetly vacated spots and new tenants moving in.

SPE RRO ete
Pra a Gur NANI ELLOS MESIAL

© Performed research and analysis on various industries and markets and compikd data into publication formt for delivery to over 40,000
firm clients, including C-level executives, financial professionals and industry analysts.

Education

LOT omic a el ron kenlion ey A@ NES IC

May 2010

Bachelor of Science : Business Administration Finance Marshall School of Business Business Administration Finance
shila vesihy
