CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF FINANCE

Summary

eis Caos Pincus grnomutouce omcirabm@oconinetn debe ccinom sonigalect we Rareelirungoncer id ras ortratecd
Oct an cane cae uM Pah cauneen mite bao ae UcEOe Maison ane seubn emer scccet erally
organized Advanced financial analysis MS Excel expert

Experience

(Oo elcee Pca mee aianecy

PN PAC ACROni cane Qon si aN chy AOS AMSEC

© Manage yearly budget process for Great Wolf Resorts.

Oversee quarterly production of board book which is distributed to executive committee and owners.

Analyze budgets, financial reports and projections for accurate reporting of financial standing.

Havers ElnemlaharceRuetmca Wind piel bencd anemic nyariuneko eaten

Pike ha eee Buceteke mies ce

Assumed ownership of forecasting and strategic planning.

Developed annual budgets in collaboration with eleven properties and executive tears.

Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts by interpreting financial results.

Managed an annual budget that grew 22.9% in 2 years.

Te duvcriuce Os en ATC ou AR eed arcs Kau reser oncHe Oi od@ racine si cad
Hold two monthly calls with property director teams and Regional Vice President to review 30-60-90 day forecast and review previous
month's P&L.

¢ Managing team implementing a new budget and forecasting system

Senior Manager of Finance
June 2013 to April 2014 Company Name 1% City , State

© Impknented bor management system.

¢ Manage financial analysts.

© Created labor metrics to compare lodges and a dashboard to be published weekly to ensure lodges were operating efficiently and ina
Pelicl esata

Se sO Eben geliR upc namo CHE Dau ors A Lecs gies «cna Roy mahal kena eee en S TA Cw tar etc)
month's P&L.

Nroremivelstnad
November 2011 to June 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

© Created a Key-Performnce-Indicator Dictionary for expenses.

© Wrote and taught "Business Basics’ with Manager of Training in an effort to improve each property's business acumen.

PM Orci mwulipintneckoRuccd bron reese (an 21am

Pes OS Nubnen ice R ute eeced iene Cn Nou er Meu ole OR mL CteUIRiC\e Micekien ebay ets)
month's P&L staterents.

le orluicwateslisd
March 2008 to Noverrber 2011 Company Name i City , State

Impkrented and ran monthly calls to review P&L's of each lodge with Regional VP, Corporate Director of Retail, Corporate Director of

Food and Beverage, General Manager, and Director of Finance for each lodge.

Tee P eee Orca osu bra moo elem rc necR nee RnR ocd arcane ele denreneOkartmna

companies would be run ina profitable manner.

© Impkmented monthly reviews with new companies.

¢ Reviewed financial statement of companies we were looking to acquire and made suggestions on ways to improve their profitability ifwe
BleenivecRae i sid

POE Sue GeOR oes meen Gone AEB uy one reonemini crane eR ats le

Ako put into place monthly P&L Review with call center and forward looking reviews of forecast to ensure that we were being as efficient

BOE seksi] om

¢ Reported and summarized information to CEO to be used in earnings Quarterly Eamings Call and Board Meetings.

© Worked with our Marketing finns and provided them with information and made suggestions on media placement in each DMA, looked at
Herel aaa cane

© Worked with Corporate Directors ofeach Department to develop addhoc reports when needed.

bETe(ecaey OB Cope unwaNr a1 Nig
February 2007 to March 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

¢ Promoted to Budget and Reporting Analyst, a newly created position.
BR Oc Gul r esi E cop nC lincnen ene PCN em Oka Br OO ANNA CR nuere Bia

¢ Maintained Excel based forecasting temphites and Income Staterrents.

© Changed forecast and budget templates to help Directors of Finance at each Resort save 5-10 hours a month when forecasting,
