FINANCE MANAGER,
Summary
Confident and sales-oriented Finance Manager with over three year experience and track record of sales success. *Exceptional professional
selling skills enhanced by leadership and refined by a formal education and specialized sales-related training. *Incomparable customer service and
unique interpersonal skills. “Excellent team player and can work independently with litte direction, resource fill and high energy personality. *Highly
flexible and adaptable to dynamic needs, effective problem solver, facilitator. *Proficient with ADP, Reynolds & Reynolds, UCS and DealerTrack
schivor anes

OTC Rr ese te)

Finance Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Demonstrated continuous growth and achieverents within the automotive industry.

* Solid business insight with the ability to ascertain needs for customers to increase profits.

© Tracked and disbursed all loans ina timely manner, communicated full contract disclosures, and accurately controlled paperwork flow.
CMW Elinieetreo ea enenra ane Riel War danw em euaiine tics

PLAC R UPL
Finance Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Developed a strong rapport with customers to ensure satisfaction.

© Identified needs of customers to proactively sell products to meet their needs and exceed Florida quotas.
* Excellent rapport building, skillful presentation, and effective closing skills.

CE ore Hee ors Rises NEL Len escke) Rol ecm cl abeiciileMelell aiaueem eae (ae em

03/2001 to 02/2002
Sirs Acoma NCD A OSM

© Efficiently analyzed all personal lines of credit to determine acceptability.
Cee ucnceneLomerecisices mb emncoa as tnacece oO mencorun
¢ Ability to work productively with all levels of the organization to add value and consistently contribute to the team.

CLT ALUTH eR Comber e201¢) |
Senior Credit Representative Company Name i City , State

© Demonstrated strong project management skills through competent management of 26 sales centers' accounts in the Florida Division.
* Impkmented a process improverrent system to assist in reconciliations.
© Prepared customer billng and developed reports weekly for upper management.

brairestbeny

7

Bachelors of Business Administrations : Accounting MERCER UNIVERSITY i City , State Accounting

als

automotive, billing, closing, credit, leadership, process improvement, project managerrent, rapport, relationship building, sales
Additional Information

* Personal and professional references available upon request
