FINANCE MANAGER
Summary

Ecketic individual with 10+ years operations, finance and account management experience in small agency / start-up environments. Possess strong
re ctLnme me Bia ccoeURCUnl bia caunumrenienience ene kunnen eslteney

Experience
Finance Manager Mar 2015 to Current
COen etary RON mms AICd

¢ Responsibk forall AP/AR finctions, monthly bank reconciliations, and financial reporting including cash management and forecasting,
© Manage company payroll and administer employee benefits.

¢ Collaborate with Project Managers on budgets/actuals for project-level metrics.

© Responsibk for year-end reporting in collaboration with CPA.

Project Manager Jun 2014 to Dec 2014
Company Name i City , State

See aie Seb eos SRO aid bce OEM RNC e rca eau nae Reto eoay oe Cael seg
and web.

Performed press-checks and reviewed proofs to ensure quality color reproduction.

Reviewed all work for typographical, grammur, spelling, and layout errors.

Rouen lanidoecs og sane srauetal csr RTT ete

Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies based on knowledge of client objectives and market trends.

Collaborated with marketing and communications tears on standardization, design and production of marketing materials.

Analyzed performance ofall marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization.

Promoted brand awareness through SEO/SEM campaigns and attractive web design.

Bookkeeper Apr 2014 to Jum 2014
Cen tne Nea LAO NEI

© Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence.
© Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.
¢ Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes.

Operations Manager Nov 2011 to Apr 2014
On narra yR@ MES EICcd

Pe ood a Ba ener eee cicada Oa cece heb nin beatin rmrecurice tess inns)|
position.A

© Streamlined and executed all Human Resources processes including benefits implementation and administration, recruiting, payroll A

* Produced seasonal promotional materials, from copy to design, kading to increased customer engagement and revenue.

SUE chee kes) cleric ene artsleexoncrit de cum ond meli lenis colueun ture l Lense stile Ricans Ca ost atta)
feature new deals and discounts as per vendor advertising contracts.

Pe reccislicce ceo aM cele eial MnemCcornas lil nee

Service Administrator Jan 2008 to Jun 2011
Company Name 14 City , State

© Served as liaison between clients and in-house service technicians regarding repairs, orders, and technical inquiries.
Siebel enone areca kesnerelucereeeemarkann yori Rie ha oes hee

¢ Staged and photographed high-end camera packages for sale on company website.

© Coordinated special events and orchestrated training classes on specialized camera systerrs for clients.

OireR Wen rameuMAulhoRDuMAN ITs
Company Name i City , State

© Provided customer service and managed daily office operations of this design company focused on custom graphics- based fashion and
home accessories.

¢ Developed long-term relationships with vendors and clients to help grow the overall business.

© Processed orders for multiple sales outlets including retail website, whoksale showrooms, department stores and boutiques.

CM WolncheccBonadhamnucn oem nsne annua ate

braitestb ony
Long-Form Improv Washington Improv Theater 1 City , State Currently a Level 4 Student in their 5-level curriculumA
Bachelor of Arts , Audio Arts & Acoustics 2002 Columbia College Chicago i City , State
