FINANCE DIRECTOR AND TREASURER

Professional Summary
als
* Exceptional interpersonal commumication «Fiscal budgeting
¢ Effective kader Cel sagweanecresceias|
© Project management © Teambuilding
* Financial managerent © Human resources management

Work History
Finance Director and Treasurer , 09/1998 to 09/2008
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Supervise all units in the Finance Department including revenue, budget, purchasing, general ledger accounting, accounts payable and
receivabk, payroll and utility billing.

Direct the treasury fictions for the City and South County Regional Wastewater Authority (GCRWA), including the preparation and
review of periodic investment reports and the oversight of the City's investment portfolio.

Performed qualitative and quantitative analysis of alternatives for addressing the City’s unfiinded pension lability.

Review of retroactive payroll calculations for fire, safety and exempt personnel.

(Orochimines ies naa Ebee

Direct the preparation and comprehensive review of the annual City financial report, SCRWA financial report and the Transportation
Development Act report.

Review of routine and one-time journal entries, while concluding whether the accounting used was in accordance with governmental
Biewetiecaiorranicice

Search for potential grants for all departments.

MiginliomaccenlkymeciunebeLocs

Assist in the management and maintenance of public facility and pass-through bonds.

Partnered successfilly with [departments, clients] to produce [positive outcome] .

Initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting.

Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption ofnew program.

Financial Services Officer/Budget Officer , 10/1997 to 09/1998
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Managenent of fiscal duties, provision of complex staff assistance to esponsible for all SEC and external financial reporting for Calpine
[Oey ecibo

Extensive direct experience with the SEC, including comespondences and conference calls with the Division of Corporation Finance, the
Cie RNAS ow cunnnnneeelLes wycetoesmeican aa

Designed, implemented and managed the Sarbanes-Oxky program for the Company's SEC reporting, including controls documentation and
coordination with internal and external auditors.

Lead rok in public filings of senior notes, convertible debt, zero-coupon debentures, lease obligation bonds and equity.

Total deal experience of approximately $20 billion.

Author and file Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and related 1934 Act forms.

Ensure compliance with international filmg requirements.

Review stand-alone financial statements for subsidiaries, including an SEC registrant.

Assist management in preparing for quarterly analyst calls with comprehensive financial and operating information.

Draft quarterly earnings releases and review power point presentations for analyst call presentations.

Cakuhtion of eamings per share and other key financial measures on a monthly basis.

Support Investor Relations and Public Relations in answering financial questions from institutional and retail investors and the media.
Research sensitive accounting issues and provide technical support to corporate accounting group and to regional controllers.

Frequent interface with Legal, Human Resources, Financial Planning and Analysis and Treasury/Compliance.

Primary contact with extemal auditors for comfort letters for securities offerings.

Management of accounting for interest rate swaps under SFAS 133.

Responsible for ensuring consistency of application of capitalized interest under SFAS 34.

Responsible for Stock Administration.

Senior Auditor , 01/1997 to 03/2000
Company Name 4€“ City , State

Pee Orconercebes l<at|

Education

IS yaNeg Sirche ecard le)

COAioncW ee eal ee ON mC)
GPA: Summa Cum Laude

Certified Public Accountant, California California Society of Municipal Fimancial Officers Member Finance Committee, South Valkey Community
