FINANCE CONTROLLER
Summary
Hands on Controller with over 12 years of experience in financial accounting and mamgement, acknowledged for sound decision-making abilities,
analytical skills, business acuity and problem solving skills. Strategic, methodical and reliable, enjoy the challenge of resolving long term issues, and
influencing positive bottom line outcomes. Enjoy opportunities to think outside the box deriving new solutions to old problems through strategic
informtion gathering, data collection and comprehensive scrutiny. Persuasive and concise commumicator; experienced in dealing with all levels of
mnagement and coaching subordinates for greater productivity and success.
BS ania}

© Financial staterrent analysis © Effective time management

* Account reconciliation expert Excellent managerial techniques

© Budget forecasting expertise «Strong organizational skills

© Complex problem solving © Flexible team player

Accomplishments

© Successfillly led peal of accounting operations resulting in streamlined processes and reduction in month end close cyck.

Peper eccernl wend ancnintetcimlogtcncl we nveeries Reve iatrceebiererc ants a) eCarerlm

© Impkmented monthly operational financial review process resulting in more effective P&L management.

* Responsibk forA preparingA division balance sheet and delivered monthly Executive Balance SheetA review to DivisionA CFO and
irsipesnsal cane) «aw.

schivor anes
Finance Controlkr
July 2014 to Current Company Name - City , State

* Manage large scale revenue cycle contracts in day to day operational finance & accounting activities including budgeting/forecasting,
revenue recognition and financial reporting,

© Reviewed and refined operational accounting procedures.

© Investigated and resolved capex vs opex discrepancies resulting ina $500k opex adjustment.

¢ Developed processes for review and approval of company capital investments.

PPT og
November 2008 to July 2014 Company Nan - City , State

* Managed accounting operations forA aA $700M IT Services Division, including monthly close, revenue recognition, billing andA BS
Frecevaliat en)

Performand direct periodic financial analysis, reporting & forecasting

Provide financial decision support to region and account keaders; produce monthly report decks, review and analyze financial variances and
Poem een natnesulveninecs

Streamlined monthly close process to autonnte revenue recognition and reduce manual entries

Developed a newA process for mapping pricing models on newly signed contracts to provide project Ievel financial proforms

Supported Oracle system integration, developing post go live training for Global Teams & conversion GL reconciliation.

Developed balance sheet reconciliation and review process to ensure GAAP compliance and cleaner P&L's.

Corporate Controller
February 2002 to May 2008 Company Name - City , State

© Managed all aspects of accounting operations and financial reporting for a $45 million hardwood flooring whoksale distribution company
with locations in the U.S., Malaysia and Europe,

© Developed the accounting and financial infrastructure post-acquisition cluding the selectionimplementation ofan ERP system, recruiting

staff'and establishing accounting policies and procedures.

Automated the foreign consolidation process reducing the monthly close from 15 days to 9.

Improved cash flow decreasing DSO fiom 96 days to 42 days by securing Letters of Credit for all import customer saks and implementing

an EDI billng system with "Big Box" accounts.

© Developed key metric reporting and profitability analysis and presented findings to the executive committee to provide guidance on strategic
Pts neces (easy ots

© Studied and collected information to determine standard and actual costs of engineered flooring manufacturing including raw material

ce acm eR AIELLO

Evaluated actual manufacturing costs and prepared periodic reports comparing standard costs to actual production costs.

Proven experience delivering clean audits by implementing strong processes and policies leading to the completion of five clean annual

financial audits.

Senior Accounting Consultant
August 2001 to January 2002 Company Name - City , State

© Post acquisition integration of vendors and purchasing processes.
* Prepared service line profitability analysis and analyzed variable costs and vendor performance and identified "critical to quality” points
