FINANCE OFFICE ASSOCIATE
besa sta

Detail oriented, diligent and accuracy-driven individual witha B.sc in accounting and Ms./MBA degree in finance. In the past years, gained vast
experience/skilss in office operations with top-notch handling of office communications, logistics and records. In the banking and accounting
industry, focused on balancing customer needs and relations while eae maiooMius pecullaloram ras timer ENED ruler ear Nc Ose

Nig

Communication skills, written & verbal Sra lihesl easel anki) yin
Office administration (phones, faxing, fing) © Organizational and follow Pho icy
Spreadsheet development & management =» Multitasking & Tine naseteaenanls

¢ Microsoft Office Suite Invoice Processing- Orack EBS
Pet udiaared * Reconciliation

Work History

04/2021 to Current

Finance Office Associate Company Name a€“ City , State

Co er

Prepared meeting materials and took clear notes to distribute to stakeholders,

Collaborated inter-departrentally to assist with workflow and gather reports and data for Assistant Finance Director.

Managed over 30 verddors and reconcikd invoices when necessary.

eee cL ULceane py amaiganal sakes aston instante ech Chto eae a

Developed and muintained spreadsheets in Excel to track and chart information such as Call center bo euce Deb Oise) eucemeaNice)||
deductions,

Coordinated efficient calendars for Account Receivable mamager and section heads PRO ea RCO nae MRNA Ne CD Oct R ALCS
Be ee Eco maca seas EOR alin Lomtinea rN ren te pass along to Account Payabks.
Maintained staff directory and company policy handbook for human resources Cleeaterspas a

Compkted clerical tasks such as filing, copying and distributing mail.

Astanged rapid office equipment repair and maintenance with vendors.

08/2019 to 12/2020
DEAN'S ASSIOCIATE Company Name 4€“ City , State

Se Oar UCO LT LomnRenelicete pet a ee photocopy.

Ce ee ee)

Provided accurate information in person or by telephone to students, staff, and Pe ey Meera ke AOS g OT OE CUTS coe
and procedures.

ee et ecniaoe aL us On ounces Ronny cr alec PecelN ATUL comet CROP orleans
onto na Ean cm Oo ILicranmomcat ie enmenr eRe ieaccrrees

Operates information systems to produce conventional and unconventional Pye esee reap eo co ue CMT Beet se

Decreased office expenditure by 20% by implementing needed controls on stock/supplies and standardizing ordering procedures
Maintains confidentiality in all matters pertaining to the University.

Resolved interpersonal conflicts by listening, finding common ground and buikiing relationships.

01/2017 to 03/2018
ASSISTANT CASH OFFICER Company Nane a€“ City , State

Ce ee e )

ee cB lsbo uate aa leon nny aed all Me oolne ect) copie Riess ycod

Reconcile invoices and identify discrepancies.

Obtained documents, clearances, certificates, and approvals from other departments to ensure proper documentation.

Nes a CCRT us tte ORL Mc ase eenns Range te

Prioritize and manage own workflow to ensure quality and efficiency (ie. meet deadlines; be flexible in adjusting to changing work priorities)
Ree er ancmn mri annl cing gecibrrattnatran gene ramen process and pricing philosophy

a Sua Eo oabe OM sncn a osonenibrmct tet erate

Managed high priority and confidential comespondences (c-muils and phone [e1|'3)

Sense of urgency when appropriate with a strong commitment to business ethics and audit peel inan penis

OPTRA OA.)
COMMERCIAL BANK INTERN Conpany Name 4€“City,, State

ee ee ee er ee?

ADB cao ar uC Acer e Nora ey

Identifying and assessing customers’ needs to achieve satisfaction.

Managing incoming calls and customer service inquires.

Used company's accounting software to verify customer identity before withdrawals were mde.

Assisted with inter-branch bank recorciliations at the end ofeach month.

Su ne ouna uieciomucuemins moire kn dieters ee Oe en a

Neo CSL aicicetaics oes oiatnanelnetast aacear en etch cashing checks, balancing cash drawers and correcting
Clean oe
