FINANCE DIRECTOR

Executive Profile

Dedicated and accomplished Finance Professional with extensive experience in FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT & BUDGETING secks a
mmnagerent position where I can further enhance the achievernent of'an organization's objectives and targets. Experience in diverse industries
includes financial services, retail, distribution, FORTUNE 500 and BIG 4 companies.

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office software (Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Access). Experience with accounting and financial reporting systems including Oracle,
RDB Ce oteceeb styncr oem

Professional Experience

Finance Director , 01/2013 is Current Company Name 1 City , State

* Reports directly to the Vice President of Finance and supports the CFO organization with financial and strategic insight.

© Partners with and supports the SVP of Product & Marketing in the implementation of new product initiatives to the marketplace.

Finance representative within the Executive Business Review Committee who provides value-added insight to senior management through
financial modeling and analysis.

© Finance point person that collaborates with and supports the SVP of Sales and his team

Led the design and implementation ofa more comprehensive incentive compensation plan that improved sales compensation efléctiveness
and minimized potential liability exposure to the company.

Updates, analyzes and distributes key monthly financial metrics and reporting to business partners.

Assists in the development of the annual budget and forecast process.

Completes ad-hoc analytic requests as designated by the CFO and the VP of Finance to support senior management decision making,
Palo emer neh Rchen bem aeanes Pata MUU ie Len estan

Finance Manager , 01/2008 14 12/2012 Company Na i City , State

Concord & Paypoint) Prepared and managed the annual budget, forecast and strategic long term phn process for the Concord & Paypoint
divisions with revenue of $225M.

Adninistered and managed the National Sales compensation plans ina timely and efficient manner in order to accurately pay commissions
enh hy erin ia

National Sales representative on the PASO (Product Reporting & Sales Compensation Overhaul) project whose goal was to automate
First Data's commission system

Reported to and supported the Vice President of Finance with financial direction.

Developed and distributed monthly, quarterly and annual financial reporting to senior managerrent.

© Responsible for all aspects of the month-end and year-end financial close process.

Finance Manager , 04/2005 14 01/2008 Company Nam i’ City , State

© Cross Saks) Developed and managed the annual budget and forecast process for the Cross Sales division with revenue of $57M.
© Impknented process improvemnnts including streamlining operations which positively impacted the bottom line by SIM.
© Supervised staff both directly and indirectly and provided leadership and direction to teams in the New York, Florida and Maryland
facilities.
© Reported to the Senior Director of Fmance and supported the Senior Vice President of Sales with a saks force of 300 sales reps.
Senior Financial Analyst , 04/2000 is 04/2005 Company Name 14 City , State

© Prepared annual budget for the Medical Products division with revenue of $550M.
* Responsible for all aspects of month and year end financial close.
© Recipient ofnumerous Q inside the O (Quality inside Olympus) awards.

Financial Analyst , 01/1997 it 04/2000 Company Name i’ City , State

¢ Prepared annual budgets for the Medical and Industrial Products divisions with combined revenue of $380M.
CMe BesturesbtreRccilolcadselt ac ice

© actual reporting for 40+ department heads which enabled.

© improved monitoring and control of their respective budgets.

PE tclivcdmchocaroemsine mers il ne Rin im

Financial Analyst , 03/1995 i 01/1997 Company Name iA City , State

© Prepared annual budget with revenue of SS5M.

© Updated and distributed monthly partner's financial summary report.

© Maintenance of resume/skill/qualification database for a professional staff of 200, which assisted in developing future client proposals.
Financial Analyst , 10/1992 i 03/1995 Company Name iA City , State

© Prepared annual budget with revenue of 41M.
* Maintained payroll for 300 employees.
