FINANCE MANAGER
Executive Profile

Administrative professional offering excellent communication and computer skills. Meets deadlines and works with a high level of multicultural
awareness and adaptability.

Skill Highlights
¢ Extensive knowledlge of Real Estate programs aan 5 ,
¢ Management Experience, Multitasking ° ea in Quick Books, Act, and Microsoft Outlook. Microsoft
CDs @lonemicn ecrine ure onnse ined Pap er nee
Experience ’ aes

Professional Experience
Sse nusnaw
June 2015 to Current Company Name - City, State

Manage all finances through Quick Books , Budget planning, reconciliation of all accounts, accounts receivables and payables.

National Sales Director and National Rehab Supervisor
September 2013 to July 2015 Company Name - City , State

¢ Supervised and coordinate evictions with eviction attomeys to faciltated cash for keys negotiations and/or sheriff lock outs and supervise
Pceeii ce oi kos iccinels muchos aterlmnerltammm ayaa Me Om eLaeontne kaiser ey (ce

CO chic Mr concslboelzeenvei core Rul oe sncranete) eile

Review and negotiate alll listing and purchase contracts as outlined by investors Advise investors on current property activity and problems

that occurred and their resolution.

© Maintain national poo! of real estate agent through interviewing, hiring and discharge process.

¢ Review and process all accounts payable from verdors before sending to accounting with appropriate paperwork.

Acted as office manage of the Lake Arrowhead branch, processing payroll, keeping up office supplies and maintaining office machines and
Prsl AL eO NT aorTeMe TCS

Executive Vice President
September 2000 to July 2013 Company Nam - City , State

Oversaw daily office operations for staff of'3 employees.

Prepared and distributed payroll for staff of 3 direct reports.

Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for directors Maintained website and weekly newsktter.

Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.

Complied annual recommendations for next fiscal year budgets.

Processed accounts receivable and accounts payabk.

Negotiated with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies.

Managed hundreds of accounts receivable accounts for local, State and National dues.

Coordimted all travel arrangements, flights, hotels, transportation meeting registrations and course registrations for Directors attending State
and National meetings Created expense reports, budgets and filing systems.

Frequently used word processing, spreadsheet, database and presentation software.

© Reconciled and processed expense reports for 12 intemal and field personnel.

Coordinated vendor demonstrations and assisted in the contract negotiations of industry programs and tools Distributed company-wide
announcements, booked conference rooms and coordinated catering for monthly member development forum and annual installation.

© Researched, proposed and implemented verdor services to decrease costs to organization.

Distributed company-wide announcennnts, booked conference rooms and coordinated catering for annual staff development forum.

© Processed and facilitated all pro standards complains and grievance hearings Greeted visitors entering the office, determined the nature and
purpose of visit and directed them to the appropriate destination.

Hurmn Resourses Executive Assistant
PNB Len Obscean rowmAle hon snake OEIC

Led a comprehensive safety traning for 23 staff members.

Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirement plans.

Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.

Conducted employment verifications and investigations.

Facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires.

Managed all aspects of eave administration, including employee notifications, disability programs and health benefits.
Processed workers ompensation and unemployment chins.

PSSM MCU eet poe ne Rear teers omiicarsiadteteresica ces Canine bans) scenic Loe
Processed payroll and maintain employee payroll benefits database.

Adrmissions Office Executive Assistant
