AVP, FINANCE

Summary

Accounting professional with extensive experience financial and managerial accounting practices and procedures. Detail oriented with strong
organizational skilk; diligent and hardworking with proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize efficiently while meeting
deadlines. Ability to identify problems and recommend feasible solutions.

Highlights
¢ Accounting Software -JD Edwards, Quick books, and Great Phins, ¢ Journal Entries & General Ledge
Calera cee) © Strong Administrative, and Organizational Skills
* Account reconciliations © Reporting and Documentation
Cie circles vist © Planning and Scheduling
« Analytical reasoning © corporate Governance, Risk & Ethics
© General and tax accounting © Effective Time Management and Communication Skills
© Auditing methodology CAB drovorteem nicl cmsacel ribet’
Accomplishments

Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of cost and proposed measures to trim costs related to outsourcing work and other major
projects. This initiative resulted ina significant cost reduction.

Established policies and procedures for a division who was not in compliance with the firms goals.

schivor anes
AVP, Finance 02/2015 to Current Company Narre City , State

Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations for Research Saks & Trading Division
Provided reliable and timely project by project expense, capitalization, amortization for our Market Research Healthcare Division.
Reviewed accountantAs book entries to ensure accuracy of the G/L.

Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve
budget. Worked with management to document and offget unusual expense variances in their respective areas.

Senior Accountant 10/2010 to 06/2015 Company Name City , State

Work with Project Managers to ensure accurate and timely invoicing

Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.

Managing banks accounts including making remote deposits Schedule appropriate collection reminders and follow-up past-due receivables
Recording of AP and issuing payment to vendors Recognizing all expenses at project completion and making accruals as necessary Booking
all prepaid expenses Monthly preparation of bank reconciliations Preparation and analysis of Financial Staterrents Recording deferred
revenue and recognizing revenue at project completion

Perform month-end closing Maintain weekly cash flow management

Working on AD HOC reports Working with external entities

Preparing the ground work for external auditors General Ledger Accounting in JD Edwards.

Senior Accountant 06/2009 to 10/2010 Company Name City , State

Work with Project Managers to ensure accurate and timely invoicing

Managing banks accounts including making remote deposits

Schedule appropriate collection reminders and follow-up past-due receivables

Recording of AP and issuing payment to vendors

Recognizing all expenses at project completion and making accruals as necessary

Booking all prepaid expenses

Monthly preparation of bank reconciliations

Preparation and analysis of Financial Statements Recording deferred revenue and recognizing revenue at project completion
Perform month-end closing

Maintain weekly cash flow management

Working on AD HOC reports Working with external entities

Preparing the ground work for external auditors General Ledger Accounting in Quickbooks.

Accountant 05/2006 to 03/2009 Company Name City , State

¢ Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.
© Manage monthly bank reconciliations
