DIRECTOR, FINANCE OPERATIONS
Executive Profile

Motivated executive professional with 20 years of progressive experience in Publishing and Non-Profit environments, including extensive
experience in project management, budgeting and financial administration.

Consistently achieved optimal utilization of developing, delivering, and managing operations through process improverrent planning, program
coordination, and cultivation of strong business relationships. Possess an established track record of creating and implementing programs and long-

term business strategies aimed at company growth. High-energy, results-oriented leader that continues to be a ambitiously collaborating team player
who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives.

Skill Highlights

; PRB ocetsbeicton eats
Cie yceeuansleyeorrai CRB Sars) emusic)
See eo ihc Oe 2er oe a
, penven a © Customer-oriented
:A som ¢ Team Buiking

ets © Team Leadership
¢ Leadership/communication skills

feel Ncw sinety

We eRe ce
Eliminated excel budgeting with an the addition of ABM software solution that streamlined data collection and automated reporting fimetionality.
Launched an on-line service that allowed our camp programs register through our website verses a manual excel tracking schedule.

Launched Audubon's first corporate T&E credit card programLaunched Audubonr's first procurement card program Led the process in bunching
Preece Lem eLiiceoe Wee ce Kod Pee aU cp meencemiclcoet eb elses td eke

Financial Reporting : A

Streamline as well as automate financial reporting through aligning our budget and accounting financial reporting to management. Played a lead role
in Instituting a change in coding that expanded our reporting beyond location tracking to align with our projects outlined in our strategic plan.

Oe Oe eae

Spearheaded the creation of'a team known as field solutions which would become the lison of the home office and 100 plus offices around the
COO SCM Ep isee eM eaeceb inl e@avas iinem el blnebricleca eminence niackust cess

Professional Experience
Company Name August 2015 to Current Director, Finance Operations
lena El CG

After many years of successfilly managing the budget/forecast process ofa 100 million dollar national multi-state non-profit, I was asked to kad
the areas of gift processing, banking and risk management areas. These segments of our national institution were fragmented and in much need of
kadership.

© Gift Processing - ed the charge to streamline the overall process from switching our banking relationship to a financial institution that best
suited our needs; working with our new caging partner and our technology area to implement a check processing application across our
network in an effort to create a more efficient work flow.

© Risk Management - working with the risk manager, we streamlined our allocation process through the creation ofan insurance portal. This
application created a clearer view of what each departrent head was incurring in each segment of insurance. We also were successful for in
aligning our insurance policies on our fiscal year cycle.

© Banking - Our focus has been on consolidating our banking relationships. The role out ofan online invoicing system and the set up ofa
procurement card program allowed us to close 35 bank accounts around the country.

Company Name October 2009 to July 2015 Director of Business Management and Field Solutions
lena El CG

© Team leader of 3 professionals whose goal was to be the liaison between the programs and the central office. The focus was preliminary
financial, however, we assisted in HR, Legal and Technology concems as well

¢ Led the budget process from kickoff, preparation, review process to presentation to our board.

© Created ckar and precise financial reports for program leaders and management to assist in making sound business decisions. Reports
