FINANCE MANAGER
Accomplishments

© Transfer Pricing and Tax seminars, domestic and international, conducted by E & Y and KPMG IFRS, conducted by Institute of Chartered
Accountants of Pakistan (ICAP) Balanced Score Card- A tool for strategy execution, conducted by ICAP Sukuk- the most rapidly
growing and widely accepted Islamic structure, conducted by ICAP Making Strategy Happen- an intensive immersion into the world of
Strategy Execution, conducted by MIH Training Academy, a division of Naseba and certified by Institute of Leadership & Management.

Professional Summary

Corporate finance executive and CPA offering 16 years of experience with the wealth of strategic and operational knowledge. Wide-ranging cross
financing experience in auditing & assurance, financial and advisory services with big 4 professional finns (Deloitte & TouchA©), lead IPO and
M&A transactions. Strong expertise in public reporting (through Capital Market Authority), capital market transactions, strategic negotiations and
Pitches Glencoe

Proven ability i managing and motivating teams of loyal and productive employees. Excellent leader with a track record of probkm solving, and
consistently drives botton+line performance, efficiency, process and profit improvements and enhanced internal control. Attained well-recognized
results as a key advisor to the CEO, member of the senior executive team of'a public listed company.

Affiliations

Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) from University of the Punjab, Pakistan Member of Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Pakistan Certified
Public Accountant (CPA), Membership No. M647 Fellow Member of Chartered Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of Nigeria Cost
and Management Accountant (FCMA), Membership No. 509 Associate Member of Saudi Organization of Certified Public Accountants Certified
Public Accountant (CPA), Membership No. 3664 Associate Member of Association of Certified Public Accountants - UK Chartered Accountant
- Intermediate (CA, Intermediate-Pakistan)

Skills
¢ Strategic Financial Planning © Mergers & Acquisition
Ce a oleiua ene awaroeiisbecattsli icy © Financial Reporting and Executive Presentation
© Investment Management © Financial modeling capability
¢ Budgeting, Forecasting and Analysis Ce Bocce anesy
© External Audit & Actuarial Work Finalization © US GAAP principles
CEPA ne our Netty © Expert in GAAP and statutory reporting
© Corporate/Operational Fiance CROW AEO)icxemstii
© Treasury CP roneaitadend
Cae ibeltoe) * ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software
© Reguhtory compliance ¢ Internal control management
Work History
Finance Manager 03/2017 to Current

Company Name 4€“ City , State

armed rete Rre Di coredvaaarciecce cece vglcRonusm ume irae nelecarerst nek rentectnren en yer
PMCS aeRO AON aOR enced ined cree oes w

Prepared and presented strategic planning to management for approval A

Provide kadership role in all aspects of the company’s financial operations and manage treasury fiction, present production and financial
reports under local GAAP to the management and ensure tax compliance, arrange insurance cover for business and employees.A

© Designed, got approved, implemented and monitored intemal controls. Prepared Break-even Analysis, formulated salary structure,

PIO NC Menem toc Bietnes Lar com

Oversaw preparation, and analyze monthly financial reports for managerrent and Board of Directors, quarterly reports and financial reports
ole 2 estemeneahnon

© Collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations.

Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.

Chief Financial Officer, CFO 10/2011 to 09/2016
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Developed strategies for sustainable value creation, supported senior management in decision making, managed assets-labilities mismatch
risk and ensured relevant and usefull internal and extemal reporting.

© Led the accounting and financial fimction, improved the financial performance through recommendation and implementation of various

measures.

Broad scope of authority included executive guidance for all.

Established strong system of financial reporting that ensure adequacy of Technical Reserves even contesting external actuary's

recommended Reserves directly improved the bottom line.

Successfilly negotiated the Reinsurance Contracts on favorable terms and single handedly arranged a new reinsurance cover.

Key contributions: Headed the Share Capital raise of the Company by S 60 million through Rights Issue.

Led the impkerentation team in successfilly implementing ERP System and replacing in-house standalone moduks.
