SENIOR FINANCE ASSISTANT

Ss
To obtain a position where I can be an asset to the company, along with developiment of new skills.
Highlights
© 4 years experience with Query, Access, Excel, Control D, Lotus Notes, Oracle, Peoplesoft, Billing Frere
te pia © Basic understanding of
© Thrives under pressure een
¢ Excelient time management skills Ay oer ar
* Analytical Amores
nN CE diceelesncrer ees vio
A
Accomplishments
Assisted in the centralization of accounting to the Bloomington Nonmal corporate office.
rN

When multiple co-workers were out of the office I covered all of the PZ01 forms that care into the mail box processing over 99% of them and
keeping the team from falling behind on them for that day receiving an "On the Spot" award for my accomplishment.

rN

Thokd the record for the most Premium Fund Account reviews to be done in 1 day on my team completing 16 reviews in 1 day whik still
Hsu Lae Re LL alee aE

rN

Came up with multiple ideas to nmke processes on our team more efficient for example sometimes we would get questions about what review
mmterials we have received and what we still need fiom agents and we would have to go pull the file and locate it in the file room every time but
instead I suggested we all get read only access to the tool we use to check in materials to be able to see on demand what they are missing and
what we still need so no longer did we need to go track down files to compkte this task.

schivor anes

07/2012 to 06/2016

Senior Finance Assistant Company Name - City , State

I worked on two different teams during my employment at State Fann, one was Suspense and the other was Premium Fund Account Review.
rN

Suspense: (2012-2014

Processed credit card refimds.

Processed PZ01 forms that would be requested mninly from the fire division to change policy information.

Worked Control D listings to clear iterns that didn't match off via journal entries in Orack.

AN het @ tuo Sich Lous clei h mien arena he icc Rice @ostienngt med em roa mau aneslckemee)leumei gis’
money and then clear the listing.

Worked employee retums where employees would write bad checks at company stores or mail rooms for stamps or postage and we would
have to contact those employees and collect fiom them

Took phone calls and provided remarkable customer service to everyone that called in with a question and went out of my way to try to
provide an answer to each caller even if it wasn't in my expertise I would try to get them to someone directly to get there question answered
instead of just transferring them along as I try my best to make every call remarkabk.

Had to complete "FARs" (Financial account reconciliations) on a monthly basis to make sure all the accounts you were responsible for
balanced out at the end ofevery month via lotus notes program

Premium Fund Account Review: (2014-2016)

Worked material check in where you would need to collect mil as well as faxes and check in the materials received from agents into the
system and then file there folders to be reviewed.

Processed agent premium fimd account reviews on a daily basis for compliance probkvs and making sure everything they did in the office
was done correctly and timely.

© Analyzed bank statements, quicken bank registers and reconciliations as well as manual copies, reviewed history of altered money reports
and deposit to activity ratios to make sure everything matched up and that there was no money missing.

Made sure nobody was stealing in the agent offices and if there were any discrepancies informed the agent about them A.

* Assisted agents in finding or fixing reconciliation errors or balancing issues.

© Took phone calls on a daily basis providing remarkable customer service.

07/2011 to 07/2012
Associate in Financial Shared Services for State Farm Company Nant - City , State

© Got phced on the Suspense Team processing emails and completing credit card refimds for customers throughout the united states for all
agents when they needed a refimd and sent through a refid request form

2

05/2007 to 07/2011
Laborer/Book Keeper/Apprentice Company Nam - City , State
