FINANCE
Summary

Finance focal driven to improve morale, decrease tumover and improve productivity. Background in kadership development, training, and
itcsl oe om anlctinre
Highlights
ae ea
* Public speaking

Ci teliinestnemeCaesenaea i
Re rrreates ¢ Budget planning

schivor anes
Finance
July 2008 to October 2015 Company Name i City , State
Held various Finance and Project Management related roles including:
* Integrated Scheduling
Pee Hic ry
Cee srecce ineg
Advised managers on program specific matters and recommend needed changes.
Developed metrics to reduce risk.
Pireutetsnameneogistinncrel ines

Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and executing program requirements, and helping resolve
work-related probkrs.

Adjunct Professor
August 2013 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

© Conducted adult leamer leadership courses to foster positive attitude toward organizational leadership.
© Presented leadership and human behavior material.
* Coordinated material to meet student needs and goak.

IS iTaraub exe tied Cran ita ier
July 2014 to March 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

© Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions and helping resolve work-related probkevs.
© Advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes.
* Directed job description development to maximize maneuverability of personnel.

brairestbeny
Doctor of Philosophy : Organizational Leadership , 2013 The Chicago School of Professional Psychology i4 City , State

Organizational Leadership Dissertation: The Workplace Impact of Baby Boomers and Millennials Work/Life Balance Perceptions on their
Attitudes and Behaviors - Successfillly defended March 1, 2013

Master of Arts : Industrial Organizational Psychology , 2008 The Chicago School of Professional Psychology #4 City , State
Bachelor of Science : Psychology , 2006 Belmont University is City , State
Affiliations

Boeing St. Louis Leadership Association - Board of Directors
Connections to Success - Tribute Committee
Boeing Parents Network Co-Lead 2015

Boeing Hispanic Employee Network (BHEN)
