MANAGER OF FINANCE

Summary

Experienced Certified Public Accountant (CPA) with extensive financial and audit experience. I have a proven track record to improve monthly
financial close processes; analyze financial results for areas of opportunity; and audit financial activities to identify potential financial misstaterents
and internal control weaknesses. Strengths include: *Financial analysis & reporting *Financial management *Budget preparation & management
*Revenue management *Highly organized & detail-oriented *Strong interpersonal skills

schivor anes

Manager of Finance

January 2016 to Current Company Name i City , State

Prepare and manage an annual operating budget of $55 million gross revenue and annual capital budget of $500,000.

Oversee financial operations for annual expenses totaling $45 million.

Oversee the daily billing and collection activities with 9 employees for annual patient days of 250,000.

Prepare and consolidate Hospice monthly financial results and input into the Lawson general ledger system for consolidation with the
financial results of the TriHealth organization.

Analyze financial operations to identify opportunities to mcrease revenue and reduce cost.

® Provide financial updates to senior management, Hospice Board of Trustees and the Hospice Finance Committee.

© Provide financial guidance & leadership to 10 individual unit managers.

Business Director II
January 2010 to January 2015 Company Name i City , State

¢ Prepared and managed annual operating budget of $161 million gross revenue and 226 FTEs for Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
along with $3.3 million gross revenue and 16 FTEs for 3 other departments.

Managed expenses totaling approximtely $20 million.

Monitored NICU monthly productivity metrics.

Prepared and managed capital budget totaling $700,000.

Analyzed and monitored monthly financial performance and evaluate variances.

Managed physician professional fee billng for approximately 125,000 charges totaling approximately $113 million for 13 regional hospitals.
Reduced physician professional fee charge entry to billing days from 11 to 5 business days.

Director of Finance
January 2007 to January 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

© Reduced monthly financial closing process from 13 to 8 business days.

© Managed daily operations of the Finance Department with 6 employees, and assisted with managing all financial operations of the hospital.

Assisted with preparation of the annual operating budget for a 180 bed hospital with gross patient revenue totaling approximately $375
roy

© Facilitated external audit activities for 2 years with no significant findings.

© Implemented the Lawson general ledger system

Assistant CFO
RE AUe RoR MAU me lian clicker NmnCT(e

Prepared monthly journal entries; reviewed monthly financial results for accuracy and validity; and prepared monthly financial schedules for
submission to Corporate Office.

Worked closely with hospital managers to prepare annual operating and capital budgets for 150 bed hospital with gross revenue totalng
approximately $1.4 billion,

Assisted the CFO in managing the daily operations of the Finance Department and the hospital.

* Facilitated completion ofextemal & intemal audits and developed processes to correct audit issues.

Director of Decision Support & Controller of Emory
January 1999 to January 2001 Company Name ¥% City , State

Coordinated the hospital monthly financial close activities.

Managed daily operations of the Accounting Department including direction to the staff to ensure department and hospital goals were met.
Assisted in analysis and maintenance of hospital staffing levels and productivity.

Assisted the CFO in managing the day to day financial operations of the hospital

Assisted with annual operating and capital budget processes.

Maintained accuracy and integrity of the Alliance for Decision Support System, a fully-integrated cost accounting and managed care
contract modeling system for 6 hospitals.

© Utilzing the decision support system, performed financial analysis of hospital operations for 6 hospitals including detailed cost information,
Fraleeet Ree Ren iru en nielenmeyincL alps eines eR ilralb eels] Zee

Director
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

SO tO Ue eae sea are Leelee Oh area tae Ce eae mee D one Ea ead
