FINANCE MANAGER,
Summary
Identified fraud of $75,000, and during litigations testified as an expert witness in 2004 Puerto Rico Superior Court, client won the case and
recovered $50,000. *Saved $42,000 on claims of two employees on an audit performed in the Goverment Development Bank of Puerto Rico
*Well-cared reputation as a hard-working, quick-leaming, and organized team player.
Skills

* Budget Control & Administration
Account Reconciliations
Financial Statement Reporting and Analysis
General Ledger Accounting
DAAC Serres
Aes Ponies
Hayyco)IE
Taxes Retum Analysis (Puerto Rico and US)
yAAveliugled
FY Mead aetna.

schivor anes
PUES OLN e
Finance Manager Company Name 1% City , State

© Managed and oversees the Finance Departrrent ofa charter airline which generated up to $4.2 million in gross revenues,

© Responsible for accounts payable, ADP payroll processing, multiple bank reconciliations, maintain general ledger, financial reporting and
analysis, ad-hoc reporting, budget, cash management, handle monthly and year end accounting process; ensure accuracy and integrity of
accounts.

Coordinated and analyzed fiscal budgeting systems to initiate effective controls and policies.

Assured state and federal compliance of revenue, expenditure, and position contro! documents while maintaining internal contro! safeguards.
Achieved accurate budgetary reviews and forecasts to develop projections for executive management oversight.

Reviews and approves all reimbursements, manages petty cash fimd and all bank accounts.

Prepared financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).

Maintained pertinent records on fixed assets inventory system

Reconfigured systems and resolved accounting errors, ensured accurate and efficient accounting processes and internal control policies.
Coordinated with Panning Department on preparations and processes of annual operating budgets and documentation in aviation industry.
Reports directly to CEO.

04/2012 to 06/2015
Staff Accountant Company Name it4 City , State

© Provided professional tax services to ensure accurate financial statements and tax compliance.
© Prepared and compiled financial information by preparing entries to general ledger accounts detailing assets, liabilities, and capital.
* Summarized balance sheets, profit and loss statements to project company financial position.

05/2000 to 12/2015
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Managed overall operations and provided accounting and tax services to smallmedimrsized businesses.

Provided business management consulting,

Handkd accounting system setup and training, bookkeeping, account reconciliations and general ledger processing.

payroll processing, and financial statements preparation, Provided individual, partnership, and corporate tax retum preparation services.
Built from start-up with zero clients to 47 clients and $150,000 annually in revenues.

Ensured accurate and consistent accounting process to provide solutions for maintaining and improving an organization's financial conditions.
Devised and set up accounting systems in QuickBooks, Peachtree and other software applications.

Prepared reports, forms, and manuals for accounting and bookkeeping to ensure proper data maintenance.

Computed taxes owned and prepared applicable tax retums statements firther ensuring the compliance with payment and tax requirements.
Maintained records of government agencies and represented clients before taxing authorities.

Increased the effectiveness of controls, accuracy of financial records, and efficiency of operations, resulting in lowering their tax liabilities and
increased refimds,

Niet iieskoseuitonecibestiianaeeResniaieaenennnecge ace cce

Ensured the conformance and procedural standards by examining and analyzing the financial docurents.

Resolved client issues, reconfigured systems, revised and resolved accounting errors.

Ursirlcet Pt eaher rem eee ein sume) ashe LCR ioe

Broa Ren trier eat ciien

Provided advice on the financial conditions by analyzing the business operations, costs, revenues, obligations, and other financial
oteeeieancm

Recommended solutions to various financial problems by surveying operations according to the accounting needs.
