FINANCE MANAGER

Executive Profile

To work in an organization where I can put in best of my efforts, which proves to be beneficial for the organization, gives opportunities for
professional and personal growth. Looking forward to work ona long termassignments ina corporate environment, where I will get exposed to
different working conditions, there by excelling and enhancing my skills along with benefiting the organization to reach greater heights.
Professional Experience

01/2010 to 01/2014

* Presently working as Finance Manager at Moevenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok.
CRA ere mUlGCe Se Rn niccp Siu a Atle Tipe m Cael iat Dre b PAC CRe OMiLecn ini iLen

01/2008
Finance Manager 01/2006 to 01/2007
Deputy Manager 01/1980 to 01/2005 Company Name

4 Star Hotel), Visakhapatnam, managing all the activities of Finance Department and also handled the administration.

MIS & Budgets: Preparing Managerrent Information statements and submitting to Management.

Preparing Budgets for the coming Years.

Preparing statements and required statistical information for the Board of Directors Meeting.

Monitoring the expenses with budget, submit to the management variance report with Budget.

Monitoring the inventories, purchases.

Obtaining competitive market price on periodical basis.

BICOL ect Bore ctie oer Usm Om aNa Lee e ACBL R KIM CUCE INT Co eCUaT Ste

Preparing Month end report and financial reports for monthly Management meeting,

Monitoring the property insurance and relevant insurance matter.

Submitting periodical statements to the Financial Institutions.

Looking affer the total financial matters of the Organization.

Cash Flow contro! Controlling Food cost and Beverage cost.

Minimizing the expenditure and maximizing the profit without affecting the quality of service.

PGS OE NOUN CR Cuan OCI co eco Cm Corer LoMmne mins AO Ous seaming @DcO nBeetLamncl (ote
Purchase Journal, Cash Transactions, Subsidiary Ledgers, Preparing of Trial Balance, Profit & Loss Account.

© Preparing of Balance Sheet after providing outstanding Liabilities, prepaid Expenses, etc., Preparing of Interest Schedules AUDIT:
Updating of Books of accounts and preparation of Statements for the conduct of Intemal Audit and Statutory Audits, Audit Finalization,
Preparation of Schedules, Bank reconciliation Statement, preparation of Depreciation Statement, Assets Register, Preparation of Foreign
Exchange Statements for submission to Bank.

Bats ea a BaNv el oe

TAXES: VAT, Withholding Tax: Input and Output VAT and making payment to Revenue department.

Payroll Tax: Making recovery from salaries and arranging for payrrent.

Income Tax: Preparing the computation Statement and making tax payments accordingly.

PERSONNEL: Social Security: Making recovery from employee's salary, arranging for Social Security payment.

Associates Medical insurance.

COMPUTERS: Presently working on computerized accounting system.

Computer training in DATA PRO COMPUTERS (MSDOS, LOTUS, WORDSTAR, UNIX, DBASE, Having knowledge in INFORMIX
4GL Progranns.

* OTHERS: Besides the above work routine, I amatso looking after any liaison work with the outside agencies, entrusted by the
Management.

brairestbeny

Bachelor of Commerce 1980 Andhra University

Post Graduate Diploma : Financial Management 2001 Annamahi University Financial Management Major Field of study - Accountancy Computer
Educations Diploma from Data Pro computers, Visakhapatnam Accounting Package - Comanche, IDS, Tally 4.5, Touch Key, and Sun. MS-
OJ IOS on PBsni kOe rr uocmeMrcel esters]

Personal Information

Name : Y. JOHN DIVAKAR Father's Name & : Late Y.KRUPA RAO Date of Birth : 09-04-1959. Nationality : Indian Marital Status : Married
Passport Number : J 1995772 Date of Expiry : 03-01-2021. Address for Commumication : 87, Soi 12 Siam Mansion 12 D1.
Sukhunwit,Klongtoey Bangkok 10110. Hobbies : Reading Books and magazines, listening Music. Strengths : i; Good communication skills ii.
Good leadership skills & self-initiative. iii, Aptitude for leaming things quickly. iv. Ability to work under pressure Salary Expected : Negotiable
DECLARATION I hereby affirm that the information in this docurent is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge. Date :

Additional Information

¢ Personal Information Name : Y.JOHN DIVAKAR Father's Name & : Late Y.KRUPA RAO Date of Bitth : 09-04-1959. Nationality :
Indian Marital Status : Married Passport Number : J 1995772 Date of Expiry : 03-01-2021. Address for Communication : 87, Soi 12 Siam
Mansion 12 D1. Sukhunwit,Klongtoey Bangkok 10110. Hobbies : Reading Books and magazines, listening Music. Strengths : 1 Good
communication skills i, Good leadership skills & self-initiative. iti, Aptitude for earning things quickly. iv. Ability to work under pressure
Salary Expected : Negotiable DECLARATION I hereby affirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my
knowledge. Date : 1st September 2015 Place : Bangkok Y. JOHN DIVAKAR.
