SR. FINANCE MANAGER
Summary

Finance professional with a successful track record of driving the financial planning cycle and transforming strategic goals into operational plans.
Demonstrated ability to build strong financial models, improve processes and drive business results. Self starter and creative problem sober.
Passionate about building a collaborative environment and empowering peopk.

schivor anes
Sr. Finance Manager Jan 2015 to Sep 2015
Company Name - City , State

© Served as Global FP&A lead to VP of Finance in all planning related questions and commumication with Corp FP&A. Led the Annual
Global Field Quota plan setting process (S6B) including product hierarchy update, definition and communication of content requirements.
Conducted in-depth analysis and provided recommendations to GMs, COO and CFO for meeting the company’s strategic goals in terms of
growth and profitability.

¢ Led the Customer Operations Expense Planning process of S2B and re-allocated budget in accordance with top line changes. Successfillly
incorporated the sales commissions model by creating a unified data structure and input requirements. Achieved synergies and visibility for
the team

© Led the Monthly Close, Forecast and Management Reporting processes and provided guidance and support to local Fickl FP&A teams.
Drove and implemented an accelerated Monthly close process by 3 business days, that provided early visibility into final results and
streamlined the decision making process for adjusting entries. Achieved <0.5% variance="" to="" forecast="" in="" q1'15="" and=""
OP iia Froeeyutised ool as=""' best=!"" Peasy sioner peal alt) oot =" received=""' the=" cfo=""" elt standard=""award=""
ql'15=""> “in recognition of Role Modeling of Execution and Passion in Being Exceptional at the Fundamentals" .

© Managed the hiring and on-boarding process of two reports in headquarters and three individuals on other teams in Bulgaria. Developed a
transition plan of reporting activities to offshore teams in order to scale operations.

Finance Manager Jul 2013 to Dec 2014
Company Name - City , State

© Developed an Expense Planning model for Customer Operations budget allocation of $2B, Established a global calendar and share point
that drove better communication and collaboration across teams. Received Spot Award in Oct'l4 and Excellence Award in Dec'l4.

© Created and established a standard Financial dashboard for Customer Operations to highlight performance and outline improverrent areas.
Provided recommendations to senior management for prioritizing investments, mitigating risk areas and improving performance.

* Created and established a standard weekly Headcount dashboard for Customer Operations (8000+ employees) that streamlined the
OU ERMA Menkeodc mua eC lie are mmo nev RGes Boy seeTccece

© Led the Field FP&A team in systems related projects such as Hyperion Planning/Essbase and Coupa implerrentations. Coordinated the
team during the testing phase and provided consolidated feedback to systems team

© Initiated new events policy that helped streamline the criteria for revenue and expense recognition resulting in accelerated accrual
submission, acurate reporting and better collaboration.

Sr. Financial Analyst Jul 2012 to Jul 2013
Company Name - City , State

* Finance Business Partner to the VP of WW Operations and VP of Strategy and Enablement and providing strategic financial support.
Prepared and presented the monthly forecast, annual plan and mid-year plan update. Developed a Financial dashboard with KPIs for
Quarterly Business Reviews to highlight performance and areas of improverrent. Outlined action plans, owners and tracked execution.

© Analyzed headcount direct costs and helped realize savings of $1.75M annually by shifting roles to offshore locations. Proposed and
achieved other cost savings of $1.25M annually through contract renegotiation and prioritizing of activities.

© Developed a Programs spend dashboard to track budget utilization, calculate monthly accruals and perform Actual to Budget variance
Brace

Sr. Financial Analyst Mar 2010 to Jul 2012
Company Name - City , State

© Direct report to a Sr. Director of Fiance. Developed a monthly Forecast process and Annual Plan for Americas Field Sales (1,500+
employees). Prepared a KPI dashboard for Quarterly business reviews. Analyzed results and provided senior leadership with
recommendations for improvement.

© Developed and maintained a Headcount dashboard for weekly, monthly and quarterly reviews with senior leadership and recruiting team
that helped track, forecast and analyze headcount changes and cost impact.

© Impkmented a new cost center structure to align the new segments, verticals and regions for management reporting purposes. Transitioned
and mintained all kegacy cost centers. Received MVP H2'11 award.

Expert Strategy Controlling Jul 2006 to Mar 2010
Company Name - City , State

Cee E mcm sic WENe Le serine ae ebro monte ba as nochmennmlcl ces Helin Ome titcoe
product strategy. Incorporated external market analysis in business plan proposal and developed set of strategic goals and
