MATERIAL AND TOOLING CONTROL LEAD

Ritereritag ,

QualifiedA manuficturing manager and electrician A who SAV Seb ab ance Roca na hearin le McnT Aeon cet erred nereT
diverse range of heavy duty construction equipment. Looking for a long-term position with an organization that values organizational culture and
integrity.

Shen ratiey
PE GotieRoraigurarieg BEsricvaichedsklnekey crac!
¢ Back hoe operator Cee sro enayex erg
© Eketric palette jack operator Pee Sul on men ying cee
ee Nem esteem B oan MMC nae ne MererTe enn NS
Work Experience

Material and Tooling Control Lead 01/2012 to Current Company Name City , State Helped achieve company goals by supporting production
ec eee CLE Eu a saear ics Rain adua agli bimond note pnen amelcussrlter abel e oaliantraancett
omy osresel ceacnaromnen nen rca Cece USuce eg idpocpyiednace Omiialinm eC navnecd bats gsnad enter ce
Monitored the production processes and adjusted schedules. Adhered to all applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, Raion
environmental compliance. Worked with managers to implerent the companys policies and goals. Troubleshooted problems with oetnieyi nena
devices or products. Operated manufacturing mchinery such as aA forklift, hem savy, sheer, table saw, chop savy, drill,A and Reel esl Lega
Bale Inspector 01/2011 to 01/2012 Company Name City , State Changed equipment over to new product. Adjusted machine feed and ccna
re Srl tuoy Cbs pala aceon mange er ong meso ome oRMmCntaes Rrra nieeReer Tes by inserting control
instructions into control units. Safely operated a forklift.

Chef 01/2011 to 01/2012 Company Nane City , State Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local
sanitation and safety requirements. Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, Prtsapacestrs Reece oN
ee CCB Lut EEL Cec Boct RUC E ned Clrakect ion rengelas sane mD on Aae eM et ch tel pteapelmsltineo
towards customers and fellow team members.

Ekectrician Apprentice 01/2008 to 01/2009 Company Nanx City , State Worked on projects, which provided value to the Clcenlanren amie
company, and the client base. Implemented vast knowledge of electronics principks to resolve complex ekectrical problems. Maintained accurate
ekctronic and instrument inventory to support safe and efficient operation. Frequently worked overtime, weekends and presen cn

Co-owner / Martial Arts Instructor 01/2007 to 01/2012 Company Name City , State Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to
avoid injury. Contributed to the operation ofa clean, friendly and well maintained health club. Encouraged Renae Rus eB Lek sce)
ae eo LRA eb es eee Roe cree nea ee COS aCe kab arene ere peopk skills
ocd BOR cece IMI a win eCP Lele

PME UROL ZAI Oun wna N AO MARSALOL Mg rete Reposted Tt Pileucmwartueliee) ace Bine)
DeGeneres Vcuicin Ron bneto leone ent rca telens cache reunite productivity. Interpreted
ekectrical and mechanical schematics, blueprints and diagrams. Diagnosed equipment malfunctions and completed repairs to restore equipment and
Tmintain uptime. Implemented vast knowledge of electronics principks to resolve complex eketrical problenrs. Installed all eketrical wiring during
remodeling projects. Frequently worked overtime, weekends and holidays.

Exectrician 01/1999 to 01/2004 Company Name City , State Interpreted ekectrical and mechanical schematics, blueprints and Caluco
Inpkemented vast knowledge of electronics principkes to resolve compkx electrical problems. Maintained accurate electronic and instrument
inventory to support safé and efficient operation. Installed all electrical wiring during remodeling projects. Laid and threaded lem aieetarl lia
worked overtime, weekends and holidays.

NaS

AbiliyA to operate forklifis, backhoes, electric palette jacks, and other heavy machinery.

ee i et Core BOSOM OD Oe Goruclttse

Proficient in scheduling, training, and managing a manufacturing floor.

Efficiently able to provide customer service.

Management experience for up to 20 people on manufacturing floor Installation of underground utilities and piping,
ANAC Elen cy ceca cue itches Eins aeannt eg rind oe

ADI NACE cle oechetarncm et tm so sctonientrets

Seem ita

ee ee ee er

BLK

jaiPestbeliy

High School Diplorm 2000 Northside Skill Center City , State

oy Rains oat a UPN ce Dec U Sleep Ccee tek ON me CmM OT.
