BIN EP OMNI TNE
Summary

Results-oriented Supervisor with diverse background in management and customer service. Dedicated to providing excellent customer service and
muking operational and procedural improvements.

Highlights
© CERTIFICATIONS/SKILLS:
¢ Teampkyer
Poxeolanerniigen og
Strong communication skills
Cash handling accuracy
Were MN Otmehiner anes
BEL ore uke etiniecielestatecmis Eun
Pellerin alc)
CPR First Aid Certification
OSHA Certificate
Microsoft Excel Experience

Store opening and closing procedures
Outstanding communication skills
Outstanding communication skills

Training and development

Accomplishments
Competitive Analysis
© Performed competitive analysis to mike recommendations for fiture company growth.

Competitive Analysis
© Performed competitive analysis to make recommendations for fiture company growth.

schivor anes
Line Attendant Nov 2009 to Sep 2014
Company Name i City , State

Directed and supervised employees engage in sakes, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts, or in performing services for customers.
Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand

Assigned employees to specific duties, scheduled break, assuring they go on time accordingly.

Monitored sakes activities to ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and quality goods.

Recommend, selected, and helped locate and obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires

Called other stores within the area to find desired ites

Helped customers try on and fit merchandise

@reciceRel sO anminem eatin ecse aba re mule Tap oaecy

Responded to written and telephone requests for particular items for custorers

Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices
Answered and directed phone calls to assigned employees

Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping

IOAN CeRt oe ah meneCHtn eb cous wncaeciiel

Transported goods from racks, shelves and vehicles.

oe) ci recB eee ae ceueccat@s Niece ORaicibaes ocean a ihm ee arbres

Upheld stock levels and proper pricing for multiple product lines.

Supervised material flow, storage and global order filfillment.

Transported goods from racks, shelves and vehicles.

Worked at a rapid pace to meet tight deadlines.

cote MU ce mee cocemin tke cliecee tie cia

Crew leader Apr 2009 to Feb 2010
