FOOD SERVER
Summary
Thave sixteen years of experience in the customer service industry. My experience includes, customer-oriented food server, crew trainer and

housekeeper with a deep experience with POS systems and cash handling procedures. | have four years experience with Microsoft Office and
Adobe Media Arts Software. A

Highlights
Peco ig@liines occa : we rhea
: ane ne oer * Conversant in SpanishDelivers exceptional customer service
" A CRE Ow roc Lericiecince iim oneal emsay sey
Bo Cece) (0 OL coda ce Neat, clean and professional a "
rae ares rence p 1s el
Cer Gemini og eee ere
Accomplishments

© 2000 - While working for Lucky Lill's Casino I took TIPS training and passed with a perfect score. I was awarded a certificate and an
hourly raise.

© 2003 - While working for Denny's Restaurant I was r ecognized by managerrent for going above and beyond normal job fimetions. I was
promoted by the owners to the tite of " Crew Trainer", Duties included training all new wait-staff employees on company procedures and
uC maIc ema ay em

schivor anes
Food Server Company Name 14 City , State

2000-2003 A

Recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner.Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to
increase restaurant profits.Correctly received orders, processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns.Served fresh, hot food
with a smile ina timely manner.Resolved guest comphints promptly and professionally.Prepared and served beverages such as coflée, tea and
fountain drinks. Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking, Frequently washed and sanitized hands, food areas
and food preparation tools. Maintained a neat, well groomed appearance including impeccable personal hygiene, hair restraint and minimal jewelry
that met company standards. Worked well with teammates and openly invited coaching from the managerrent team Prepared items according to
roe mio lene ltr noecnice mesial Celiicimeneeenie ie ae bi

Cashier Company Name 1% City , State
CLES CLaNN

© Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for autormated order taking.

* Recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner.

© Processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concems.

© Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.

* Properly portioned and packaged take-out foods for customers.

© Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.
© Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and managerrent.

Housekeeping Company Name i City , State

2004 - 2005 A

Hand dusted and wiped clean office firniture, fixtures and window sills. Removed finger marks and smudges from vertical surfaces, including doors,
frames and glass partitions. Swept and damp-mopped private stairways and halhvays.Cleaned the exterior surfaces of lighting fixtures, including
glass and plastic enclosures. Emptied and cleaned all waste receptacles.Cleaned and retumed vacant rooms to occupant-ready status.Stocked
toilet tissue and paper towels, as well as other restroom supplies.Supplied guests with extra towels and toiletries when requested.Stocked room

attendant carts with supplies.Removed trash and dirty linens from room attendant carts.Swept and vacuumed floors, halhvays and
stairwells.Cleaned roorrs to the satisfaction ofall clients.

Cashier Company Name 1% City , State

SEPA

Correctly received orders, processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concems.
Recorded customer orders and repeated them back ina clear, understandable manner.
