ARTS INSTRUCTOR

Summary

WW lalccktatied ee cc eA eR IRON eae Ce aeieleccnUct ne oe LactCrLeRacnMned ienemile lanadaue es rranalicellatl
formative assessments and student-centered innovations in curriculum implementation of art across multiple content fields.

Highlights

© Creative lesson planning © Leaming disabilities expertise

« Adept chssroom manager © Assessment techniques for documented growth
¢ Differentiating instruction specialist. © Kind and empathetic

CMe Balnecl ekurrrenltntowa ce © Urban public schools background

schivor anes
Arts Instructor , 08/1990 - 05/2012 Company Name - City , State

© Planned, impkmented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with Tempe and Arizona Board of
Education Art standards Taught visual arts, specializing in photography, serigraphy, ceramics, mural painting, mask making, glass mosaics
PiEaoeraecleucls telcos tetce

Recognized success in art curriculum Curriculum Designed, developed and implemented daily lessons for 150 students daily

Effectively motivated students through interactive teaching with audio and visual aids and stimulation of the creative imagination.

Good working relationships with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.

Successfil experience in positions of keadership which demanded flexible problem solving skills and organizational abilities.

Participated in regular training courses to keep up-to-date with new teaching methods and developments in the field.

Used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations. Presented all class material and policies accurately and
ckarly for 8 chsses each semester.

Arts Instructor , 01/1998 - 01/2012 Company Name - City , State

¢ Designed and Implemented over 10 individually focused programs in the arts for affer school programs including claymation, ceramics, mask
Pra CUM PAWL Om be earl NAR aca coa nce ee cL gone

* Methods Applied Curriculum Design: designed, developed and implemented daily lessons for 150 students daily.

¢ Education Strategies: employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of

Raiceseea eee cM an UlLemeeuiilOn mines eclLena

Plan Development: planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided

students with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.

Goal Setting: established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading

rubric and overall chss expectations.

Technology Integration: increased student participation and test scores by introducing relevant computer programs and exercises to

encourage student interest and enjoyment.

brairestbeny
2002 Arizona State University - City , State , USA Masters Education

Masters Degree in Secondary Education Curriculum Development

1973 Arizona State University - City , State , USA Bachelor of Fine Arts Photography
OUR NUNS Probe Monoe dines ibn Le UC nmLene nits ened

Arizona Board of Education - State

(erent tOLOeY

Structured English Immersion K-12

Secondary Education 7-12 Certification

Art Certification K-12

pinay

1995 - 2000 National Art Education annual conference presenter; Chicago, New York City, Phoenix, San Francisco. AFFILIATIONS National
Education Association National Art Education Association Arizona Education Association Arizona Art Education Association; President (2000-
2002); Middle School Division Chair (1992-1994); Stanford Accelerated School participant. Arizona Alliance for the Art; Created interactive art
website for Arizona Alliance for Arts, to help provide Arizona Visual Arts Standards achievement in rural Arizona schools without certified art
teacher. Tempe Elementary Education Association International Non-Government Organization for Education Through Art.

Additional Information

¢ Accomplishments and Awards
© 2013 Impkmented and designed chymntion Artist-in Residency project for Piaute Middle School, Paradise Valley Arizona
© 2012 Lifetime Achievement Award, presented by the Tempe Diablos at Grady Gammnge, Arizona State University
