8TH GRADE LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER

Summary

Teacher with excellent commumication skills. Organized and driven with the innate ability to stay on task. Uses effective and efficient methods of
teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student. Seeking a position that will be both challenging and fulfilling,

Highlights

Pa Eee tetera PE Gotiice NU son@tcebom ichbcy
Pap Netior ccd ver restate ta cr i ub Ss ean hc

Cemesione listen ¢ MS Office proficient
eeu g CEN rtrecicot heard

Cy

Behavioral disorders knowledge OR Cuau carcass

Accomplishments

© Achieved high growth on 2013-2014 school year End of Grade Assessment for Reading.

© Chosen to be an assessment creator for the North Leaming Community in Charlotte Mecklenburg Schools, based on high growth for 2013-
PA Carmo kOe alee icn

* Helped more than 75%A students reach their Individual Education Program goals.

Perrine Wart Cate ROM lnLe i cog sancy Ni BPAN Water em

brairestbeny

2013

Teaching Middle Grades Language Arts University of North Carolina at Charlotte 1% City , State , U.S.
2011

Bachelor of Arts : English University of North Carolina at Charlotte i City , State , U.S.

UIE log

JournalisnYSociology Minor

Teaching Experience

04/2013 to Current

8th Grade Language Arts Teacher Company Name 14 City , State

© Attend professional development, communications with parents, assessments of students, and staff meetings.
Cou ME Gest ei eraire icp onUi mm ald teehee ene

© Lead 8th grade ELA Professional Leaming Community

© Establish and nnintain positive relationships with students, parents, and colleagues

© Teach students that are academically struggling and in need ofa small classroom setting for successfil development.

10/2013 to 05/2016
6tlv8th Grade Language Arts Tutor Company Name 1% City , State

© Provided students with an academically enriched opportunity that addresses core skills for mastery level performance.
© Helped bridge the academic gap documented by school assessirents.
* Enhanced student skill and overall academic success at Ridge Road.

Professional Leadership
10/2015 to Current
Advisor Company Narn i City , State

* Create an outlet and social transitional aid for Ridge Road's 8th Grade ladies, heading to high school.

© Cover common issues that the young ladies face daily such as; health, fitness, daily troubles, social media, selfadvocacy, public speaking,
Bins nibccn

CePA clibe ect CRW Ht Mca Le) SMMECEUTCB OTL eRMelle CLNNISACSLe Sein

08/2015 to Current
Company Name i City , State

© Help to improve lines of communication and to promote a free exchange of ideas to facilitate the educational process in the school buildings.

¢ Address issues of common concem in the building, including but not limited to discipline, scheduling, money colkction, health and safety,
and professional employees doing administrative duties.

© Submit a quarterly report of all meetings and recommendations to the staff in the building.

08/2015 to Current
Teacher Leader Company Name i% City , State

© Facilitate the involvement of the schoo! commumity in the development of the School Improverrent Plan
Pee Seen nehcomino ener ices Russealiece Ome at aieieubeccatlcbenliekae tyr ening
