INTERVENTION SPECIALIST TEACHER OF MATH AND LANGUAGE ARTS
Obdjective

To gain the position as the resource room teacher at Howell Township Public Schools.

Summnry of Qualifications

© Hard-working and organized.

© Knowledge and respect for all students and parental
ietcn

© Professional kadership and management skilb.

Excellent technology skills (Word, Powerpoint,

Smart Notebook, Achieve3000).

* Dedicated to continuous professional developrent.

© Demonstrated ability to design developmentally appropriate lessons and
activities allowing integration of all learning styles.

© Highly educated in differentiated chssrooms.

© Determined to maximize the educational achieverent of each student.

* Trained in Developnental Reading Assessments, Common Core Standards,
Standard Solutions, Wonders, Anti-Bullying.

schivor anes
Intervention Specialist Teacher of Math and Language Arts
October 2013 to May 2014 Company Name 1 City , State

Identified students with substantial academic difficulties through evaluation using Developmental Reading Assessments and consultation with
nligiercorkes ane Rineanicn

Developed differentiated lessons plans, and selected appropriate instructional materials to reach individualized student goals.

Developed and implemented creative lessons with clear objectives linked to the common core that incorporated differentiated instruction.
Attended and gained knowledge at numerous in-services.

Improved overall lexiles and test scores.

Facilitated group kessons dependent on student reading levels determined by running record assessrrents.

Evaluated student growth through progress monitoring of formal and informal assessirents.

CSP A teste loncpibleseeeceR lice leet) eB sea er hmsacnem

Enhanced kessons using Smart Board technology and computers.

Assessed on a regular basis, objectives students have set for themselves.

Led a basic skills chss of 5-7 students at a time out of 37.

Conducted smmll group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated leaning needs.

2nd Grade Replacement Teacher
January 2013 to August 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

implemented positive behavior management using the color system.

Developed clear objectives for students and parents for all lessons and activities.

Designed differentiated common core Iesson plans and activities to meet the needs ofall earners.

Enhanced kessons using Smartboard technology, I-Pads, and computer lb.

Assessed student growth through informal and formal assessments.

Developed lessons in accordance to student reading levels determined by quarterly ruming record testing,

Maintained positive collaboration and communication with parents through weekly newsletters, weekly student progress updates, ennils,
Eire keeaiancess

PNUon ecb acon cect ES HUser cel comm rib chiunee ieee cl Cetci ecm LIBColl QO RCesT iene RsTeLiDnctTsI elim

Student Teacher Grade 1 Inclusive Chssroom
Noon saws PARR eccioc mallee Son siiaN cern tk Osh mms Ce

Established and communicated clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects to both students and parents.
Enhanced kessons using Smart Board technology and computers.

Promoted ngage developrrent skills through reading and storytelling.

Encouraged students to be understanding of others.

Conducted smmll group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated leaning needs.

Education, Certifications, Endorements
Bachelor of Arts : Psychology , December 2012 Georgian Court University is City , State GPA: Cum Laude

© Coursework in Psychology and Sociology
© Coursework in Intercultural and Group Communication
© Coursework in Educational Psychology

NJ Teacher Certification : Elementary Education (K-6) , 2012 Georgian Court University 14 City , State

See eRe sass

Coursework in Professional Development in Reading
Education in Reading training

Technology in the classroom
