SALES & CUSTOMER SERVICE REP
Ritanesstag

Administrative & HR Professional Holds Master of Arts (Honors) degree in Human Resource Development from Bowie State University with a
4.0 GPA. Highly organized and detailed oriented HR professional with over 10+ years experience in providing human resource in areas employee
relations, recruitment, workers compensation and benefits, employee record-keeping, compliance with Federal & State Laws and HR policies and
procedures. A dedicated professional with an excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively with all
kvels of the organization. Great research and policy analytical skills, very independent and self-motivated professional with excellent customer
service, organizational, Project Management and time managenent skills, as well as the ability to grow positive relationships with clients, staffand
colleagues. Excellent ability to manage a high volume of work by balancing competing deadlines and priorities effectively within a variety of diverse
tasks. Proficient user of Microsoft applications.[Job Title] focused on developing efficient processes using knowledge of recruiting, employee
relations, training and development and auditing.

bs Franiita nie

¢ New employee orientations
Staff training and development
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Quickbooks
Human resources audits

Maintains confidentiali , 5
vs lity ¢ Exceptional communicator

HR policies and procedures expertise
National Human Resources Association
SCinthiccolwes ai atont ane
Peopk-oriented

Organized

Accomplishments

ee)

¢ Holds Master of Arts (Honors) degree in Humn Resource Development from Bowie State University with a 4.0 GPA. A dedicated
professional with an excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the
organization. Great research and policy analytical skills, very independent and selfmotivated professional with excellent customer service,
Cena areas custo een Ener inet er ec CMe ORNS CE vet eb A ORE Ng ECV Rte TCO ORM ame ete
colkeagues. Excellent ability to manage a high volume of work by balancing competing deadlines and priorities effectively within a variety of
diverse tasks. Proficient user of Microsoft applications

© Affiliation and membership include: Society of Human Resources Management, Project Management Institute

Revamped the orientation process for all new hires, which was impkemented company-wide.Promoted to [Job Title] after [Number] years of
employment. Audited an HRIS database and received special recognition with a 4€ocThank You Award.4€Designed a standard exit process and
GM NAT OMT eCCCReanenccmeaensn anti

Experience
Sales & Customer Service Rep
September 2012 to Current Company Name

CMB Wolesteed ulate trek aend enna rin cc on cmccan eave ee cou eeie Werte Rl IRUI Ot exe cmon SOB Laces
brand loyalty and awareness as well revenue.

Analyze customer needs to recommend products and provide customer service to drive sales.

Achieved a 100% customer service satisfaction and retention average based on communication and listening skills, problem resolution and
politeness contributing to company attaining highest customer service ratings (determined by external auditors) in recent years.

¢ Assist current and new reps in adjusting to rigors of department as it relates to familiarity with processes, driving product sales and
avout oma em ineneveiaber eu taa

Assist customers with purchases, opening accounts and navigating website to facilitate purchase.

Attained a 95 -100% employee evaluation and rating in 2012 by meeting employee and customer service benchmarks in product
knowledge, attendance, customer service in regard to speed, accuracy and volume in the performance of daily tasks.

ee

Cn

Exphined human resources policies and procedures to all employees.Conducted telephone and onsite exit interviews for all employees. Answered
employee questions during the entrance and exit interview processes. Worked closely with HR business partners to facilitate year-end talent
reviews and articulate team strengths. Worked closely with HR business partners to facilitate year-end talent reviews and articulate team
strengths.Sekected and interviewed candidates for all available positions.Created job descriptions to attract a targeted talent pool within the market
wage range.Assessed employee performance and issued disciplinary notices. Worked on 401(k) administration, FMLA and workers’
compensation chins and benefits. Managed over [Number] personnel files according to policy and federal and state law and regultions.Generated
employee tracking reports each month.Offered consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee PTO and vacation
accruals.Managed commumication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits. Helped training and development staff with all
aspects of training coordination. Compkted payroll processing from start to finish for more than [Number] employees. Assisted customer service
with inbound and outbound calls regarding all HR inquiries. Designed new employee packages and sent them via muil and e-mail. Resolved
