COORDINATOR, DONOR RELATIONS
Summary

Highly organized Communications Specialist with [Number] years in the communications field. Areas of expertise include web and print content
development, public speaking and project management.

Highly qualified, detail-oriented and hardworking [Job Title] with more than [Number] years of experience. Proficient in research, writing, case
mmunagement and client relations. Expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications, website design
(HTML), CMS and hosting, networking issues and social media.

Highlights
Dedicated team phyer
SharePoint
¢ Exceptional problem solver

Microsoft Office Suite © Print and electronic media

; CMe Sihaeatnurnes fcesiuned
Pag saa * Project development and lifecycle
Sei woe Leia ewrnltnees) elicy
Accomplishments

Developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging.

Formuhted an inclusive design manual reference guide with more than [Number] design temphtes.

schivor anes
AU RE @racans
Coordinator, Donor Relations Company Name 1 City , State

Track and analyze donor data received from volunteer projects to efléctively cultivate relationships

Research, identify, and analyze past campaign activities to develop effective campaign growth strategies and forecasts
Identify strategies to strengthen social media presence and increase engagement

Produce internal and external communications collateral (digital and print)

Generate ideas to develop communication strategies, for donor cultivation, solicitation, and stewardship

Maintain and utilize ermail marketing platforms to distribute email campaigns

Design and create presentations that effectively communicate complex data and information

Assist with the development and implementation of changes to volinteer programs, policies and procedures
Monitored ongoing expenses relative to budget projections.

Assessed the need for new or enhanced systems and applications.

Correspond with corporate campaign leaders to prepare materials for carmpaign meetings and events

Verify facts, dates and statistics for updating reports and campaign results

Meticulously followed corporate brand guidelines to enable brand consistency across campaigns and marketing prograrrs.
Operated high-speed color copiers and wide bed printers to reproduce single and multicolor copies of graphics.
Created all communications collateral, including web pages, brochures and fliers.

Developed creative graphics that simplified complex messages.

Designed artistic signage for special corporate events.

Recommended techniques, methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects.

Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic mteriab.

Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo designs.

09/2011 to 06/2013
Coordinator, Finance & Special Projects Company Name iA City , State

Served as primary liaison for internal and external constituencies on matters pertaining to the Chief Operating Officer and Finance Manager
Educated staffacross seven departments on proper financial reporting practices and ensured adherence to policies and procedures
Organized logistics of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas, and itineraries

Created and maintained employee data and coordinated new hire onboarding and orientation activities

Tracked and managed business expenses

Assisted with month-end close activities, including payroll reconciliation, journal entries, and purchase orders matching

Maintained accounting ledgers by verifying and posting account transactions

Performed W-9 and 1099 maintenance for new and old vendors
