K-12 PRINCIPAL
Professional Summary

Committed and passionate, K-12 educational leader and lifelong learner with effective communication skills and 10 years of experience. Builds
trusting, authentic relationships with students, staff and parents. Believes in analyzing and synthesizing chssroom, district, and state assessment
CoRR en ua Loy

Work History
Company Name - K-12 Principal City , State 08/2011 - Current

Provided teacher feedback from formal and informal observations and walk-throughs.

Built trusting and authentic relationships with staff, students, parents, and community members.

Helped create and support teacher professional goals.

Developed and implemented "AM Seminar’ district-wide K-12 moming math and reading intervention program that included free breakfast
uci

Developed curriculum for new teacher induction program and facilitated induction classes.

Facilitated monthly district-wide PLC's, and bimonthly schoo-wide PLC's MTSS's.

Developed 3 monthly staffagendas (one for each building)

Trained teachers on effective teaching techniques, chssroom managerrent strategies and behavior modification.
Developed and built positive behavior support program in all three buikdings (elementary, middk, and high school).
Presented data and other important instructional information regularly to school board.

Modeled engaging, and rigorous instruction based on best practices.

Mentored and supported new and struggling teachers.

Worked with staff to resolve issues.

Insel con beste Gurnee (bees eck Ea AMIE Reel er OnbMarseL Bate

Monitored and managed student discipline policies in all three buiklings.

Facilitated MTSS and PLC meetings that focused on using data to drive classroom instruction.

Provided training opportunities for teachers (both inside and outside of district).

Scheduled and facilitated teacher Interviews.

Modeled expected and appropriate leadership to promote positive interaction with teachers, students, and families.
Communicated regularly

Developed and implemented school policies and procedures in all three schook.

Researched and and shared instructional strategies to optimize education effectiveness.

Assessed current academic programs throughout each year to determine success.

Facilitated continued professional development for teaching staff through implementation of quality curriculum training and appropriation of
Peeeeci RA Cecen Ces

Company Name - Sixth Grade Middle School Language Arts Teacher City , State 08/2009 - 07/2012

Developed and implement schoo wide middle school homework policy.

Helped students develop important leaming skills and good study habits usefil in trade school or college education.
Consulted often with head of langrage arts department teacher for support and advice when needed.

Served on reading workshop committee and PBIS team

Developed weekly kesson plans and collaborated with special education teacher and partner.

Established high academic expectations and clear classroom ruks and procedures.

Established appropriate deadlines and provided complete instructions for reading and writing assignments and homework.
(iintetets oho ncs route Oe scorer TOUT Ce BOLIC Une CC Calera Cee) eM Le RCE RNasin

Delivered engaging and rigorous instruction based on Colorado Academic State Standards.

Analyzed student data using chssroom, district, and state assessments to guide classroom instruction.

Trained to administer assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.

Adapted kesson plans and curricul to student interests, increasing GPAs and student engagement.

Dato er cemt Hop emlncUnes i a1beltc nl scRnyiIS rae im

Built deep and authentic relationships with students and their families.

Offered support and guidance when students struggled academically and/or socially. Provided personal guidance for students struggling both
in and out of chssrooms, maintaining professionalism while helping students feel safe.

Kept clhssroom organized, clean, and safe for all students and visitors.

© Three years of highest reading and writing student growth and achieverrent in school on CSAP.

Two years 70% at grade level

Company Name - Elementary Teacher City , State 08/2006 - 07/2008

* Taught 6th grade (2006-2007 school year).
¢ Taught 4th grade (2007-2008 school year)
© Communicated student progress, academic difficulties or behavioral concems to parents, guardians and administration using tact and
