SHIFT SUPERVISOR
Stipend
Service-oriented Shift Supervisor with 2 1/2 years background in training workers, and maintaining a strong relationship with my workers an
customers. Core competencies include leadership, determination and dedication as well as excellent communication and time managenent skills.
Shine RHO OAMUE Cte be ane

Education and Training

May 2016

Associate of International Business : International Business/ Politics Monroe Community Colkege 1% City , State Intemational Business/ Politics
June 2013

High Schoo! Diplom : International Business/ Politics Kensington High School for the Creative and Perfonming Arts i! City , State International
Business/ Politics

Experience

12/2014 to 08/2015

(Oot HIN ANY LOSES

First-Line Supervisors of Retail Sales Workers Greet customers and ascertain what cach customer wants or needs.
Reconmen, sekct, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.

Fame besos rouicinneal een rem praca rate ce

Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
SOikalconermingeemisirsalanccem

Maintain knowkdge of current sakes and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Maintain records related to saks.

ROIs Oe Moschino ier amemcca eeennilace oe rracaiseicied

Pkce special orders or call other stores to find desired iterrs.

Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
Oran emir al cine eC peice

Urceis rere rane Omen snekem ict ih

Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.

Inventory stock and requisition new stock.

Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sakes.

Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering,

Seated em ere cee ne CCM RAE RUT CN

Clean shelves, counters, and tables.

ove ial sibacen katte

09/2014 to Current
Shift Supervisor Company Name 1% City , State

Monitor behavior of subordinates to ensure alert, courteous, and professional behavior toward inmates, parokcs, fellow employees, visitors,
and the public,

Instruct employees or provide on-the-job trainng,

Set up employee work schedules.

Tea oma RM LR Lo@ieOn ee hed nM rd oA iB beret Oe ate

Bake, line cook, cashier, open and close the store, stoke/inventory, clans, customer services.

Dobe eo Neke MU MOMs TER a nckeO eT sOR VIB Ur alLe tm

Resolve customer comphints regarding sales and service.

Oo opus era nieb eed keLcs ian naeei nen beetle

OSPR seo eae omen Chee RT ecm Ne TeCmem naar oe

olson ck neken eager cS Naren e ae heater creases

Examine products purchased for resale or received for storage to detenmine product condition.

PUN querer MGs nor idbet eked com nl cates emo em chs ome SORE ene ale

02/2014 to 08/2014
Choreographer / Secretary Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Direct rehearsals to instruct dancers in how to use dance steps, and in techniques to achieve desired effects.

© Read and study story lines and musical scores to determine how to translate ideas and moods into dance movements.
Design dances for individual dancers, dance companies, musical theater, opera, fashion shows, film, television productions and special
events, and for dancers ranging from beginners to professional.

Choose the music, sound effects, or spoken narrative to accompany a darce.

Advise dancers on how to stand and move properly, teaching correct dance techniques to help prevent injuries.

Audition performers for one or more dance parts.

Coordinate production music with music directors.

Direct and stage dance presentations for various forms of entertainment.

Develop ideas for creating dances, keeping notes and sketches to record influences.

Train, exercise, and attend dance classes to maintain high levels of technical proficiency, physical ability, and physical fitness.

Cr ee ee ee
