ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT

Tenia
To acquire a challenging position with a reputable agency that will allow me the opportunity to showcase and firther develop my skills and gain
oan anaes
bs hranianie
¢ Bilingual Fluent in both English and Spanish
Active U.S. Security Clearance granted on March 2013
RNeasy
Experience living abroad in Quito, Ecuador
Ability to plan, organize, coordimate and direct Technical Proficiency
Macintosh & Windows Software
Microsoft Office: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook
Adobe Creative Suite 5: InDesign and Photoshop
SharePoint
Social Media

Cr ee ee ee

Experience

Company Name City , State Administrative Assistant 08/2013 to Current I directly support the Hospitality sector and attend weekly conférence
calls in which I record and draft the meeting minutes for later distribution amongst the team I create and edit monthly reports for current hospitality
projects on InDesign and review for proper accuracy. I receive invoices from multiple projects and I am responsible for compiling the information
and forwarding to the Project Manager for their approval before distributing the invoice packages. I schedule and coordinate appointments and
Rod section coc mE cal tolled mccinan men oecned enemasenneces an remiss ep reneim e ere ana once
various correspondences, spreadsheets and have drafted RFPs, RFIs and project contracts. I have successfillly managed to coordinate and direct
group conferences. I send out Courier/ FedEx/Mail as needed for Project Managers and update the intemal vendor contact list.

On na Ne eee is Toke ce ate CURR OLU PUKE siete d HcrlbormeNchanterin See SnOmaalmNiclen (anton moar erciy
eS EW) M Ecosse Me liccd menoiiauieenemeessund nde eclnoe remo bert cera icm Guns Cems oe ia (0)
several agencies by assisting them with inquiries regarding lodging and meals per diemrates. I processed and submitted Temporary Duty
Assignment (TDY) authorizations and reimbursement vouchers for government groups and was responsible for making sure that all participants
traveling had the proper kegal documentations to travel. I directly conducted personnel inquiries to obtain information froma number of different
offices, intemally and externally. I successfiilly arranged for foreign travel reservations and prepared official documentation pertaining to
governmental training, I assisted in compiling personal inforrmtion in order to prepare vetting requests forms. I supervised and escorted non-
ckared General Services Office maintenance and warehouse personnel into all security controlled access areas and other locations within mission
facilities and grounds. I was responsible for preparing and ensuring all materials entering the CAA secured areas had been inspected by the
designated officer. I assisted the Diplomatic Security office by keeping a detailed record ofall the non-cleared personnel | that worked at our
facilities. I was responsible for drafling, editing and publishing the U.S. Embassy's weekly newsktter. I was able to utilize my knowledge in
graphics and design layout to update the newsktter. I assisted the CLO by maintaining and updating printed materials for the office and CLO web-
site. I attended community-wide events to take photographs and promote events for the Embassy community and network with local vendors for
fisture partnership. I successfully coordinated and promoted group excursions to destinations in various cities in Ecuador. I reviewed Non-
Immigrant Visa applications to ensure proper completion and accuracy. I was responsible for overseeing and verifying all applicants’ data and I
mmnaged visa printing through the Consular Consolidated Database. | assisted in the American Citizens Service section with data-entry, based on
the documentation provided by travelers.

Company Name City , State Catering Sales Intern 01/2012 to 05/2012 I was involved in the marketing analysis for event planning and catered
Ce Ecce Rl eer anicer SVE cm Lee R UIP AUC Ube gnecoribr crm cue nccmn ices Nl em
venues for catered events, weddings and corporate events, often working on weekends. I was abk to interact with potential clients and staff by
doing direct calls to local vendors in order to advertise our venue and promote events.

Education

Bachelors of Arts : Advertising & Public Relations 2012 University of Tampa University of Tampa 2008-2012 Bachelors of Arts in Advertising &
an bea asibeig

High Schoo! Diplomm : Knowledge 2008 Antilles High School Antilles High School 2004-2008 High School Diploma Knowledge, Experience &
Skills Competent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills Ability to work independently or in a team Capable of handling multiple tasks
simultaneously

(ecitivesttens

CAA

ed

Bilingual Fluent in both English and Spanish

SUrcsanlbersy

BieecoiprauanocmoxuneelealcrlreRinccasueneen(cunecsy

Bald

Advertising, Public Relations, Excellent Multitasker, Simultaneously, Administrative Assistant, Contracts, Fedex, Indesign, Invoice, Invoices,
Project Manager, Cyber Security, Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Sharepoint, Ms Office, Outlook, Photoshop,
Powerpoint, Sharepoint, Word, Documentation, Access, Maintenance, Security, Clo, Drafting, Liaison, Publishing, Clients, Event Planning,
Marketing, Marketing Analysis, Promotional, Sales, Weddings, Arrangements, Nas, Network Attached Storage, Training, Travel Arrangements,
Vouchers, Clerk, Database, Data-entry, Printing
