ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
[Osheue Oona ang

Highly focused and results-oriented professional who works with a sense of urgency to anticipate the needs of senior-kvel executives. Thrives ina
Deg eR Ea Ue eLLeek ce cals Reet oa Recline eoc Leia SOL c me Lal ees Keen) iis aa
rN

Skill Highlights

Microsoft Office proficiency Renee
Excel spreadsheets COT omuca ecm nalice
Meticulous attention to detail a
Bioko beneciclbe Professional and mature A
Professional Experience

Adiinistrative Assistant Jan 1996 to Oct 1997
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

« Administrative Assistant to the President/CEO of statewide mental health organization. Collaborated with doctors, therapists, and
administrators to originate monthly billing and reports involving corporate accounts such as nursing facilities and state-fimded mental health

facilities.
¢ Responsible for accounts payable/accounts receivable that includes medical billng/processing for the President/CEO's private patients and
the month end financial closing process.

* Responsible for all medical transcription for approximately 10 doctors and therapists.

Multi: Media/Graphic Arts Secretary Oct 1997 to May 2008
Company Name i City , State

¢ Assist the Senior Pastor in developing marketing programs realizing a 6% increase in attendance over the previous year. This includes the
designing/creation’printing of promotional work including in-house and direct muilings, weekly church program with activities, prograrrs,
information and more, and weekly PowerPoint presentations.

¢ Assisted with the implementation ofa new website realizing a 7% increase in attendance and web managerrent including designing/creating
logos, pictures, articles, and e-marketing special events and weekly activities and managing/maintaining staff email accounts and all church
Cocco NaTecm La Denice sccRem brace Unies IOCcm

© Created weekly and monthly financial reports used to assist the Financial Secretary in preparing monthly/quarterly/year-end financiab.

Point of Sale Manager Jan 1989 to Dec 1995
Company Name i City , State

Reported directly to store owner providing retail pricing and in-house promotional work for entire store. This included Direct Store Delivery
invoicing, preparing annual profit reports and working directly with all account representatives from various food companies.

Senior Secretary Jun 2008 to Dec 2009
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Provide secretarial and administrative support fimetions to various members of the Retail Leadership Team and their support staffin an
efficient and effective manner.

© Responsible for document preparation and creating presentations and Excel spreadsheets in an organized and timely manner, SAP reports,
daily financial reports, and necessary materials for meetings.

© Support various Category Management initiatives such as maintaining the Tire Book and In-Stock Report, Retails interim point-of-sale
Excel based program This includes daily maintenance and analytics utilizing Access databases interfaced with Excel. Maintain the Tire
Order Pad, the tire replenishment process for Retail including daily maintenance and analytics utilizing Access databases interfaced with
boca

© Support various Marketing initiatives, including but not limited to, invoice processing, advertising proofing, distribution of various reports,
plant sale rebate processing, data collection and reporting and daily updating and maintaining data for Retail's intranet site (Pit Row).

© Assist with the annual DMR Conférence: Planning and coordinating a cost effective conference, preparing presentations, assisting with the
planning of the agenda, planning of team buikding events, and serving as host and point person for 75+ attendees.

Executive Secretary Dec 2009 to Jan 2013
(Oo nape LALO NMESI FIC

© Provide administrative and professional support to the Vice President & CIO and HR Director, Global Finance & IT along with 10+
members of the Global Leadership Team and their support staff in an efficient and effective manner. This includes the coordinating and
