EIGHTH, NINTH AND TENTH ENGLISH TEACHER,
Summary
Motivated Literacy Specialist, Reading/ LA Teacher with extensive knowledge of the education system and educational testing standards.

Exceptional communicator with advanced problenrsolving skills. Versed in working well with all earning styles. Effectively leads special education
teachers, liaises with other tears to facilitate high quality education for all students.

Highlights
© Certified English 6-12 * MAEReading
© Certified Reading K-12 CRSitclou om atin
* Gifled Endorsed, Special Ed. Experience © Project Management
CMe Goer ceesoy © Team Leadership
CREO ceo nucleated © Professional Development

Accomplishments

Reading Department Chair. National Writing Project 2010. Help students reach their IEP goals. Facilitate small reading and writing groups.
Mentor struggling students to graduation with progress monitoring, Manage classes of up to 25 students. Accompany field trips and affer school
activities. Cultivate excellent student growth in test score results. Foster a love for literacy.

schivor anes
Eighth, Ninth and Tenth English Teacher
March 2015 to June 2015 Company Name 1% City , State

Develop general knowledge of entire progrants 8-10 curriculum and very detailed knowledge of courses for which responsible

Support students and parents with alternate strategies, provide additional assistance with daily assignments and projects

Communicate regularly with parents, students, guidance counselors, curriculum specialists through use of computer and telephone

Keep student records, data up-to-date, including cumuhtive files, student and family information, attendance accounting, log all student and
parent contacts

Consult with other teachers, staff kaming specialists to develop altermte enrichment activities and modifications to students' programs to
increase student understanding

Seventh and Eighth Grade Reading Teacher and Department Chair
August 2010 to July 2014 Company Name iA City , State

Performing to an exceptional standard in this position, where demonstrate skills and abilities eam promotion to position of Reading
Pompe esi

© Utilzing expertise of curriculum to ensure the provision ofan engaging, facilitative leaming enviromrent, efficiently managing the classroom
with gifled and advanced reading students.

Conducting detailed assessments of the kaming capabilities ofall students, altering teaching strategy to ensure inclusion and subsequent
development ofall students

Fostering relationships with students froma diverse selection of cultural backgrounds, furthering skills in collaboration by working closely
with parents, colleagues and administration personnel

Seventh Grade Reading/ Language Arts Teacher
August 2009 to July 2010 Company Name iA City , State

© Adhering to tier 2 and tier 3 interventions in delivering flexible teaching practices to students, striving to ensure academic developrent ofall
Ribcr carne te neues le lice

© Performing comprehensive assessments, evaluations of progress and goals of each student within the Title One education plan in order to
provide detailed feedback to parents, administration staff, students

© Impkmenting disciplinary procedures where necessary in order to ensure provision ofa safe and focused Ieaming enviroment

Sixth Grade Reading and Language Arts Educator
August 2007 to July 2009 Company Name i City , State

© Closely adhering to relevant guidelines and processes when preparing and applying a tailored lesson phn

© Playing an instrumental role in a team of nine/ten colleagues in order to deliver an efléctive leaming environment for students ofall abilities

© Heavily involved in the development and effective impkerentation of the Language Arts curriculum through participating heavily in curriculum
development meetings

* Advancing skills in relation to analysis by gathering and evaluating data related to student performance, creating a kesson pln based on this
sielevennst bet)

Ninth and Eleventh Grade Reading and Language Arts Educator
August 2006 to January 2007 Company Name 1 City , State

© Striving to ensure the academic success ofall students by providing rigorous lessons for students
