DANCE EDUCATOR
Professional Summary

Personable and proactive Clinical Mental Health Counselor and Registered Dance/Moverrent Therapist focused on buikding positive rapport with
a diverse range of clients and adept at facilitating both individual and group therapy sessions. A critical thinker and detail-oriented with superior
interpersonal skills.

Core Qualifications
Le PSEA sreli cst a 5
X 5 Eclectic psychotherapy approach
* Group behavior and dynamics © Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CB1)
© Group therapy, Expressive Art Therapies, and Dance/Moverment Therapy RNase ea entT (D5
© Experience working with disabled persons. Serer an een nan HOVE
© Experience with developmental disabilities Ae ee eee
© Experienced working with adolescents, adults and geriatric population © Compassionate, empathetic, open minded, team player

Professional Experience

Oo rine Nps nen PAOLO ue saeceso dred og
lena El CG

Plan and impkment a dance curriculum for an arts-integrated urban charter secondary school for students in grades 7-12.
Teach daily lessons following the Rhode Island standards for education.

Present all ckiss rmaterial and policies accurately and clearly for five classes each semester.

Use a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.

Meet with parents and guardians to discuss students’ progress at least once per semester.

Enforce both chssroom and administration policies and rules at all times.

Established positive relationships with students, parents, colleagues and adrvinistrators.

Kept accurate records of student performance, maintaining the confidentiality of student records and information at all times.
Feu ang tu CR COM ALON ie eeme elie

Monitored students for destructive or unhealthy behavior and reported concems to guidance counselors.

Worked cooperatively with special education teachers to modify curricula for special education students according to Individual Education
oar elas

Company Name July 2012 to Current Dance/Moverrent Therapist - Clinical Mental Health Counselor
lena El CG

© Planned an implemented a healing arts program, meeting the patient's level of fimctioning, in collaboration with the psychiatric care team to
Rema ILC CHOCO bemtcd renee sic

© Met with patients in group and 1:1 sessions utilizing Dance/ Moverrent therapy techniques to facilitate understanding and practice of coping

skills; help foster and enhance communication, build self esteem, creativity, socialization and physical moverrent for psychiatric patients.

Provided evaluations to the care team on patient and family response to the program to enhance the quality of care.

Worked with children, adolescents, adults and geriatrics who are suffering symptoms including depression, anxiety, physical, psychiatric,

neurological disorders, leaming difficulties, dementia, autism, and behavioral problems.

Ovni ming Neeser cn emMUCen ean cam Ceiaecohyniaiana@ earls
lena El CG

© Grant finded program
© Provided dance/moverrent therapy for children and adolescents with developrrental disabilities.
© Helped build communication skills, social and interpersonal relationships in a supportive community.

Company Name July 2013 to November 2013 Mental Health Counseling and Dance/Moverment Therapy Intem
lena El CG

© Worked with adults with severe mental illness; schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, physicaVpsychiatric/neurological disorders, leaming
difficulties, dementia, autism, and behavioral problems.

LCOOMI Pee PUL Uke ouaeseih Enno cm eR iLCnCHonenlinat item ict rane osc

Observation and reporting of patient information, data collection, maintenance ofa safe and therapeutic environment, and supervision of
Giese om

Delivering group therapy sessions with a variety of patients in groups

Planning a series of moverrent sessions around a particular patient or group's requirements; helping patients emotional difficulties through the
reshU ites irenanralla

Company Name August 2011 to August 2012 Dance/Movement Therapist - Clinical Mental Health Counselor Intem
