DIRECTOR OF THEATER
Highlights
CM cslinem Geo u ce Osco M OCICS
Beate duet
for performing arts events. Innges routinely used by Communications
Photography
offices at Episcopal High School and Cannon School on websites and publications.
Nelda sr Ome h PAU ie\oleriLom Ns nlowAu kn

Experience with photo and video editing software: Photoshop Ekmrnts, iPhoto,
Vm arainiaiey

iMovie, MovieMaker maintenance through WYSIWYG phtfonrs: Wix, Silverpoint
Website design and

School Suite

seamstress, theatre crafis and mask-mnking, intermediate-kvel

schivor anes
AU Rr eracans
Director of Theater Company Name 14 City , State

© Re-built and developed award-winning theater programat an independent school where previous theater program had faiked.
Developed and taught courses in acting, phywrighting, physical theatre, improvisation, Shakespeare and a freshmen survey course of visual
Birebeoy fe rineceace

Directed and designed 3-4 main stage productions per year including a musical as well as 3-5 studio plays, including original and devised
Seem

Asranged for visiting artists to meet and work with theater students.

Collaborated with faculty members to create unique events connecting theatre to other disciplines.

Led student team of juniors through Leadership and Ethics curriculum

Worked with the communications and publications departments to provide photographs and copy for all performing arts events used for
school website, magazine and brochures.

Served as academic adviser for 6-8 students per year.

¢ Lived on dormitory as ! residential faculty, supervising 60 girls.

01/2007 to 01/2011
Actor, Education Artist Company Name i City , State

© Directed school theatre residencies for grades 4-12.

Director and text teacher for Shakespeare & Young Company, an intensive summer training program for pre- professional young artists in
high school and college.

Directed for Shakespeare in the Courts, a program for juvenile offenders.

Collaborated on writing handbook outlining methodology and philosophy of school residency programs.

Actor: Shakespeare and the Language that Shaped a World (touring 2008-2011); Toad of Toad Hall (2009, dir.

Irina Brook), The Amorous Quarrel (2010, dir.

Jenna Ware), The Real Inspector Hound ! (2010, dir.

Afra EOL

01/2001 to 01/2007
Director of Theater, English and Fine Arts Teacher Company Name 1% City , State

© Created and developed affer-school theater company and academic theater curriculum for grades 6-12 at independent day school with no
previous theater program

© Taught courses including: Honors English 12, Introduction to Theater, Acting Shakespeare, Period Styles, Physical Theater, Design for the
Wircliom ey eUrurcme Since tied

© Created and oversaw all artistic, technical and budgetary aspects ofan award-winning after school theater program producing 3-4 plays per

Seid
© Served as academic adviser for 10 students per year.

01/1997 to 01/2001
Director of Theater and English Teacher Company Name i City , State

© Taught Introduction to Theater, and Language Retraining, an Orton-Gillngham based course for the remediation of dyslexia.

© Expanded theater program to 3 productions per year and created extracurricular club and opportunities for students interested in design and
technical theater.

© Served as academic adviser, club sponsor and dorm team member.

Education
