MIDDLE SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
Executive Profile
To obtain the job that continues to expand my administrative experience working with staff, students and parents to develop a shared vision and
kading school commumity in achieving those goals. I firmly believe that all chikiren deserve to have every opportunity to earn ina positive,
supportive environment as well as have a multitude of opportunities to discover and explore areas of interest helping them to develop into a well-
rounded individual who will succeed in the twenty-first century. I believe that true leaders exhibit habits of mind and model the expectations they
have of their employees. I believe two critical components of successfull leadership are positive relationships and transparency.
Skill Highlights

Cee Sexless meinen belts <M Orson emer an ed

¢ Hummn resources Pe beshinncetne@ Bate ee nvaud
CD) eacb ia albei ¢ Team Phyer
CRBS larnelticce CeO euatiizalberal bs) alls

Cae dasonitnecs acl itaibets

Core Accomplishments

MS/HS Language Arts and Psychology Teacher At-Risk Program Coordinator North Central Accreditation Team Buikding Co-
Chairperson Editor of the district's newsletter, Signal Student Council Advisor Odyssey of the Mind Coach Cheerleading Coach MS Track
Coach CURRICULA, ASSESSMENT AND DATA MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING Training in current state laws
and regulations for public and special education.

Trainings in current state laws and regulations on evaluation, Teachers' Tenure Act, and corrective discipline with employees.

Impknented The Thoughtful Classroom Teacher Evaluation System, MCEE pilot program with University of Michigan.

ree mE MUD ese ecli oe

Extensive training in best instructional practices in the classroom, including Superintendents in the Classroom, Research on the Adokescent
Soe Re eR Res cea N AT eS nneec oe BN Oye ae @escp aan ete

Ckassroom observation and evafuation training including, Three Minute Classroom Walk-through, Classroom Walk-through, Charlotte
Danielson, and The Thoughtfill Classroom Teacher.

Using data to drive instruction in the chssroom, including Data 4 Student Success, National Middle School Conférence, Data Tears, and
Summer Leaming and Data Retreat.

Professional Development in becoming a successfill buikling leader in education, including Cognitive Coaching, Second Order Change and
Distributive Leadership, How Leadership Influences Student Leaming, In Search of School Leadership, Cultivating a Climate of Change,
and Teacher Leader Skills.

Student transition from the middle school to the high school

Determining, implementing and monitoring school improverrent processes, goals and activities.

Wc UNOLe OMe nance uc mn L CACORE LA UECHiLcm Re crcBimn cau liRdP si Caceres

Implementing and monitoring reading and writing workshops in the secondary classroom through using Lucy Calkins, Daily 5, CafA©, John
Collins Writing program and Reading Apprenticeship: Rethinking Secondary Literacy Strategies in the Classroom.

School Safety Training with Emmett Township and Calhoun County Sherriff Departments Harper Creek Middle School has met AYP every
year,

erect powcr anes
Company Name July 2008 to June 2015 Middle School Principal
LO ESIC

¢ Supervised and evaluated certified and non-certified staff

Impkrrented a pilot program fiom the MCEE for a new staff evaluation model.

Supervised general and special education teachers and maintained accountability for meeting legal expectations for students with an IEP,
504, Title I services, or at-risk services.

Pkanned and implemented book studies with the MS teachers: What Great Teachers Do Differently, by Todd Whitaker 2008 Jigsaw format
from multiple resources on differentiation 2009 Effective Grading Practices, by Doug Reeves 2011 A Framework for Understanding
Poverty, by Ruby Payne 2012 Mentored teachers, counselors, social workers, student support specialists and a vice principal.

Provided professional development and classroom support for the use of district and building curricul, including Lucy Calkins, Daily 5,
CMP, BCAMSC Kits, and John Collins Writing,

Empowered staffto work on school improvement teams and professional kaming communities focusing on using student data to drive
pectharelt oneal es least cm

Analyzed student data and facilitated instructional decisions based on the data with MS teachers.

Developed and maintained a culture focused on student leaming.

Communicated with parents regarding academic, behavioral and emotional issues regarding their students.

Supervised and maintained the athletic program at HCMS.

Pkanned educational meetings for parents regarding curriculum and social issues facing their children.

Facilitated a Title I audit and met requirements for the changes required.

WW (cota lccEs etB ierol ee RUN Con a SCI cod oa Noc UNCC

Participated as a contributing member of the Administrative Team including, but not limited to district professional development.
Colkboratively worked with staff to design and implement varied interventions blending the RTI model and a new middle school schedule
Roar ta marae conti Reo ca
