SALE CONSULTANT
Summary

I'mdriven to develop and implement fresh sales and marketing strategies with financial and operational discipline. Competitive Sales Rep with 2
years in sakes with vast industry knowledge. Independent worker with high energy and great communication skills. I have a a lot to thank to my st
employer Boost Mobik of Mobik Factory for helping me advance in my sakes skills and knowledge of different technology, such as phones and
computers. Friendly Sales Associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail enviroments. Excellent
multitasker and team player.Reliable Sales Associate with strengths in mventory management, training, and customer service. Friendly,
knowledgeable and hard-working team player. Customer service and sales expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to

Seco) atte
Highlights
© Inventory managenent
CEC exo cic © Cheerfil and energetic
© Accurate money handling « Flexible scheduling
* Teamphyer mentality © Superior organization skills
© Outgoing personality © Superior communication skills
¢ Documentation familiarity Cae iaistulncaeemequeleeircnd
® Verbalwritten communication «Fluent in Spanish
© Active listening Cae Dovcrecle etre ica ali) c)
© Cash handling accuracy « Excellent multi-tasker
Pee Bontaeranatl
© Inventory managenent 5
aan ener * Cheerfil and rte
A ¢ Flexbke scheduling
¢ Accurate money handling A +
. © Superior organization skills

© Teamphyer mentality A an

A * ® Superior communication skills
* Outgoing personality Car iaistulncaieemequeleeircnd
Cee Beotununnibee balers ° i
PRR certo eis ane Fluent in Spanish
yearn © Dependable and reliable
© Cash handling accuracy : ere ata
Pee Bontaeranctl aaa

Accomplishments

When I first started to work for Boost Mobile I didn't know a thing about sales or phones at all. I was so insecure about everything, until one day I
decided to put all the petty thoughts aside and show my true strength and confidence. My sale skills went from zero to none to one hundred. My
best day is when I sold 31 phones in one day with accessories, I was so proud about how hard I work to get to my goal. I have a lot of thanks to
my coworkers because they showed me how to push myself to my highest limit and conquer my goals. They also showed me how to be a team
Pom Ron we oases res IRC orem OL di aecre rence MCR CCR PoE BEER Obotcr nm om ket RNocin
accessories. Routinely helped as many as ten customers cach day ina high-volume retail outlet. Fulfilled all supervisory duties when Store Manager
was on vacation. I'm very proud on what I've leam over the coupk of months working at Boost Mobile of Mobile Factory, I thank them for
helping me develop my skills and making me into the person I am today.

schivor anes

Company Name March 2015 to November 2015 Sale Consultant
lena El CG

T Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and through the phone. I also helped customers select
products that best fit their personal needs, and processed an average of 80 transactions each day ina timely manner. Maintained visually appealing
and effective disphys for the entire store. Educated customers on product and service offerings. Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit
payment methods. Trained all new sales employees on effective techniques. Organized items in visually appealing manner. And Inventory checks
throughout the day.

Company Name October 2014 to December 2014 Cashier
lena El CG

Working at Michael's Arts&Crafts my job was really simple and enjoying. My responsibilities were to assist customers with their needs, handle
money throughout the day and give change back. Also with the seasonal position I had their I did learn a lot on how to greet customers and how to
nuke sure that they were satisfied. I Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods. And Organized ites in visually appealing
Pitinae

Company Name February 2014 to June 2014 Front clerk
