CULINARY ARTS INSTRUCTOR.
Executive Profile
Tamsecking a responsible and challenging position that offers opportunities for personal and professional growth ina culinary environment such as
fine dining to high-end hotel, catering or education. I prefer a position in Education or Managerrent. So that I can utilize my skills gained during the
past 16 years as a Teacher, Supervisor, Trainer, Team Player and Problem+Solver.
Skill Highlights
* Over 16 years of supervisor experience, this includes: production operations, export and domestic shipping, receiving, inventory control,
ordering, budgeting and distribution. Also responsibk for Inventory in System Applications and Products (SAP).
Conduct inventory plans and select teams for a monthly cycle count of over 5000 materials
Supervise while eaming respect from others
Maintain transactions in SAP for all warehouse, shipping and inventory fimetions
SAP System Knowledge.
Microsoft Office, computer, small and larger appliances
Maintain timeliness and quality in high volume kitchen
Quality control
Strong leadership skills
Very skillful in teaching, coaching, motivating, training employees and students

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy
Staff Development:

© Launched well-received program of professional development courses for all staff
© Mentored and coached employees resulting ina 12% increase in productivity.
© Managed chsses of up to 7 to 30 students.

Professional Experience
Culinary Arts Instructor
REI pA OM eR Gara clan ti cht a OLN mECIT| Ce

¢ Prepare kesson plans for classroom instruction for credited technicaVoccupational courses Develops programs curriculum, syllabi, goals and
objectives; evaluates students’ progress in attaining goals and objectives Taught culinary arts courses ina clssroonyhb/field enviroment
that closely simulates the enviroment of the industry while maintaining knowledge of current trends and development in the field Provides
instruction in the theory and practical application of culinary arts; establishes, measures and evaluates program Prepare and maintains all
required documentations and administrative reports.

Director of Dining Services
REA CH eR@ aaa cli an iti ch t/a OLN mmECT| Ce

* Oversee and manage the day to day operation ofall Dining Services operations Maintain and uphold corporate standards and meet the
financial expectations of departments To ensure exceptional customer service, hospitality and a quality dining experience for our residents
Create special meals for special diets, special needs Prepare for special events (grand opening, family night, community activity, and resident
private parties) Responsible for purchasing all food and non-food items.

Teacher Intern
April 2010 to May 2010 Company Name 1% City , State

© 7 weeks) Demonstrated/Shopped/Organized/Planned for Food and Production Labs Implemented safety, sanitation, and knife skills in the
labs Developed creative lesson plans that focused on differentiated instruction Kept students involved and engaged in the lessons.

Teacher Inter
February 2010 to March 2010 Company Nan i City , State

© 7 weeks) Service Leaming Project with 7th grade: made pillows for Haiti Developed creative lesson plans that focused on differentiated
instruction Implemented safety, sanitation, and knife skills in the abs Implemented culture and diversity to the class Mastered chssroom
managerment/kept students involved and engaged in the lessons.

ParaprofessionaVSubstitute Teacher
October 2006 to January 2013 Company Name 1% City , State

* Motivated students to stay on task by compketing work given by the teacher.
© Monitored the halls throughout the buikling.

* Worked effectively with administration, faculty, and staff.

¢ Participated in "Challenge Day’.

racial AO LS e
January 2006 to January 2013 Company Name i City , State

© Prepared and mke desserts, cakes, gelato, pastries, and dessert sauces Mastered at making ethic artisan gelato's and sorbet's Plated
