CUSTOMER SERVICE SPECIALIST

Career Overview

Highly enthusiastic customer service professional with 6 years client interface experience. Customer-focused Retail Sales Associate with a solid
understanding of the dynamics of the service industry. Enthusiastic customer service/telesales representative with in-depth knowledge of sakes,
training, and communication.A Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive track record in demanding management environments.A
Dedicated Customer Service Representative motivated to maintain customer satisfaction and contribute to company success.

Core Strengths

© Ability to work well under pressure. ¢ Abvays very cheerful and happy to help anyone.
© Ability to adapt to a changing work enviroment. » “Constantly maintains a positive attitude.
* Very client and peopk oriented. CEB OrD cH BNO BO UEclingeceNeRGh kent eciticm
© Ability to work well with any size team. Cer ch edie eva meekasal Latah

Aug oanan at acs

09/2014 to Current

Customer Service Specialist Company Name i City , State

Works with several clients to ensure their satisfaction.

Fast keamer of operation prograns.

Experiences relationship buikling and customer satisfaction.

rorareceessecuc ell

Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.

Trained 2 new employees quarterly.

Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and chaning,
Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client.
Maintained a positive attitude and calm mind under amounts of high-pressure.

09/2011 to 09/2014
Hooteg eae ANC aT LOIN mESIE (a

Assisted various clients with designing a frame that best suited their picture.

Leamed to be versatile with designs and budgets, compromising to ensure the customer's needs were satisfied.
Established excellent customer-relations, inviting the customer back into the store.

Worked with multiple clients at once to ensure satisfaction while maintaining a positive, cheerfil attitude.
Adapted to several changes in framing system and work environment.

Always worked with teammntes to ensure a healthy work environment.

© Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed.

05/2010 to 08/2012
Summer Intem Company Name 14 City , State

Wrote factually correct, concise and engaging news stories within tight deadlines.

Calor Pe Rari eB ieU bri ninbeniorielcinr cole c bee, cuomUeca Malle MtLeRvcces cl

Wrote 3 to 5 news stories per week for multiple media phtfonrs.

Traveled to location to write reviews from firsthand experience. Wrote creative and original columns.

Evaluated and followed up on news leads and news tips to develop story ideas.

Organized material, determined area of emphasis, and wrote stories according to prescribed editorial style and format standards.
Served as head reporter for Camegie Library Sunmmer Activities.

Adapted to many changes in computer systems.

Ar Cem ccleeia CH Ona Sunt ra gird ecco ted pcm

Always maintained a positive attitude and cheerfill outlook.

Educational Background
Bachelor of Arts : Mass Communication / Creative Writing State , United states Georgia

(Kelner eon Moe Ie Sem Ooe i tieteemeem ces Wem del leem
Self motivated.

ol R Neca m

Pieonadie sana

AIC.

Minor in Creative Writing.

Curious and willng to take extra work and classes to better education.

alg

© Cash handling,
* Professional and friendly.
