DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY

Skills

Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office Suite, Google Apps, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Tumblr, Googlet+, Youtube, Blogger,
Wordpress, Vertical Response, Constant Contact, Raiser’s Edge, ProClss, CampusCafe, RetailPro, ILS, Rentrak ADDITIONAL,
WORKSHOPS Visual Thinking Strategy, Arts & Healthcare, Community Art Projects, Art & Storytelling, Encaustic Painting, Ceramics,
Printroking,

schivor anes

Director of Community

August 2017 to Current Company Name 1 City , State

Provide customer service and administrative services, acting as main point of contact for Community Education office.
Facilitate operations and communications with other offices regarding IT, Finance, Security, and HR.
Use design experience, writing, and computer skills to market events and programs.

Design promotional materials for print and web as needed, such as postcards, fliers, barmers.

Manage social media pages and design ad campaigns, leverage analytics.

a teatreskoud| beeen a a Seam a eR ie

Design and analyze email marketing campaigns.

Research and coordinate with marketing staff to place web and print ads.

Event planning and managerment for community engagement.

Provide administrative support to a wide range of constituents.

Assist students with registration, class preparations and communications while working toward enrollment goals.
eee Kone a mb Tet uel Cumann Nemec ceRardelt cmcan aes ela
Assist faculty with design of courses, scheduling, contracts, and facility and supply needs.

Curate art classes and workshops for triannual course catalogs, collecting images, bios and descriptions.
Proofread and edit catalog content.

Coordinate buk mailing,

Manage vendor and account relations for materials and supplies, tracking and placing of orders.
Process tuition payments, request and track refimds.

Oversee scholarship program

Develop faculty pay schedule.

Draft, collect and archive contracts.

PCS SHi es Bel eg
Noverber 2012 to August 2017 Company Nan i City , State

« Affer facilitating merge with NH Institute of Art, helped design and implement new systerrs to run Sharon Arts Center School of Art &
Craft as a satellite facility for higher education.

© Built new processes to integrate with financial, HR, IT, and Marketing offices.

* Acted as department registrar, designed chsses and recruited arts faculty, curated catalog.

Ce Zevoriecbisicaina erence lice

© Oversee scholarship program

School Director

September 2009 to November 2012 Company Nan i City , State

* Oversaw facilities and education administration operations.

© Designed catalog ofart classes and workshops, recruited arts faculty.

© Designed fimdraising events to purchase studio equipment and develop community.
© Oversaw implementation of student management software.

© Initiated and oversaw student exhibitions to develop community and awareness.

© Curated content for course catalog.

© Oversaw budget of S250K.

Ao iiciag
July 2009 to Noverrber 2012 Company Name 1% City , State

© Gained creative project management experience, facilitating planning and communications between design team and staff of colleagues
Gil ynemraetrennertuss snipe Kes BVA ARAcALciCenecleCR eli

© Performed all content uploads and ongoing maintenance, including press release blog updates, photo galleries, and donor portal.

© Designed and implemented new online donor system and related reporting.

Administrator
April 2009 to Septerrber 2009 Company Name 14 City , State

* Impkmented new social media pages and ermil marketing software to assist Marketing office.
¢ Assisted Development office with fimdraisers, events and focus groups, maintained sensitive donor information database and
