LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER

SUrelccvenal Rinse iay

To continue working with chiddren, as well as youth where I will be abke to utilize all skills in my expertise area (elementary/middle school.)
Core Qualifications

Ability to commumicate, inspire trust and confidence, and motivate children, as well as

understand chikdren's educational and emotional needs.

Ability to recognize and respond to individual and cultural differences in children and
on sh ACorae Cons elneeCH AMM eCHig iN uromime cna avcicna Aone ia ucniveca ree

Word, and PowerPoint) and Leadership skills

Organized, dependabk, patient, and creative.

Abk to work cooperatively and communicate effectively with other teachers, support staff,
ENSURE a MONealeRuerras iN

Experience

Language Arts Teacher

August 2007 to Current Company Name - City , State

Co-Advisor Team Leader

August 1995 to May 2007 Company Nan - City , State

Tutor Sixth & Seventh grade students that tested basic or below basic in Language Arts.

Work with students from varied ethnic, racial, and religious backgrounds.

Administrator for the standardized Augmented Benchmark Test.

Maintain accountability of students safety and whereabouts during hours of operations.

Teach Language Arts daily to sixth grade students.

Perform interventions for Benchmark and SATIO standardized tests to help children become proficient in Language Arts.

Assess students reading and comprehensive skills through group discussion, testing, and oral and writing responses.

Allowed students to use the computer for individual research projects and to gather information.

Continue to take technology courses to update/advance my computer skills so I can instruct and use the latest technology in the classroom.
Prepare kesson plans on the computer.

Attends on-going staff development at Southeast Middle School throughout the school year.

Attends on-going staff development for the Pine Bluff School District.

Planned, evaluated, and assigned lessons; prepared, administered, and graded tests; listened to oral presentations; and maintained
classroom discipline,

Graded papers, prepared report cards, and met with parents and school staff to discuss a student's academic progress or personal
sel ants

Observed and evaluated student's performance and potential and increasingly use various assessment methods.

Encouraged collaboration in solving probkes by having students work in groups to discuss and solve problems together.
Pa tee RIE ECACC

Pine Bluff School District, Pine Bluff, Arkansas - Elementary Teacher/ Teach Mathematics, Language, Spelling, Reading, Social Studies,
PU CUCD SONS scl CRC an oem

(eo iicMKelaray
August 1988 to May 1995 Company Name - City , State

Phyed an important role in fostering the intellectual and social development of chikdren during their formative years.

Tutored fifth grade students that tested basic or below basic in Math and Language Arts.

Work with students from varied ethnic, racial, and religious backgrounds.

Leader of the Fifth grade team.

Taught using classroom presentations and individual instruction to help students kam and apply concepts in subjects such as mathemntics,
Rercnceee sl Ethel ole aula LTO Ue Glice COMA Tnem pce

Planned, evaluated, and assigned kessons; prepared, administered, and graded tests; listened to oral presentations; and maintained
classroom discipline.

Graded papers, prepared report cards, and met with parents and school staff to discuss a student's academic progress or personal
probkns.

© Observed and evaluated student's performance and potential and increasingly use various assessment methods.

Used a “hands-on” approach that uses "props" or "manipuhtive's" to help chikiren understand abstract concepts, solve probkes, and
develop critical thought processes.

© Encouraged collaboration in solving problems by having students work in groups to discuss and solve problems together.

¢ Prepared ksson plans.
