FULL TIME STUDENTANTERN

Summary

Tank Platoon Sergeant with twenty-four years of dedicated military service with the U.S. Army; two years’ experience as a qualified trainer and
instructor at the U.S. Army Annor School; successfiilly managed diverse groups of employees. My present position has facilitated the learning of
the importance of providing timely support and services while mamging a multitude of tasks. Assisted in the conduct of program orientations for
large and small groups, complete individual mentoring of students, analyzed and synthesized data and informtion, wrote ckar and concise reports,
and effectively communicated with the staff, students and many members ofa multidisciplinary team Career supported by a recent compktion ofa
Bachelors’ Degree in Social Work. Team Building Personnel Managerrent Inventory/Supply Managerrent Time Management Training Evaluation
Safety/Risk Management Inner-agency Coordination Training and Development Policy Implementation Needs Assessment Curriculum
Developrrent Organization’ Communication Researcl/Analysis Microsoft Word, Power Point, Excel

Accomplishments

¢ Graduated with Honors with a 3.69 GPA fiom the University of Louisville with a Bachelor's Degree in Social Work. Completed 560 hours
of Social Work Practicum Internship with the Fort Knox Warrior Transition Center.

¢ BSW CumLaule - 2015

© Bronze Star/Meritorious Service Medal (2V¥ARCOM (11VAAM (7)Overseas Service Medal (4)/National Defense (2NCO Professional
Developrent Ribbon (4)/Southwest Asia Service MedaVLiberation of Kuwait/Defense of Saudi Arabia/Operation Iraqi Freedom/Korean
National Defense Ribbon/Amny Service Ribbon

schivor anes
Full Time Student/Intern Jan 2013 to Jan 2015
Company Name

Graduated with Honors with a 3.69 GPA from the University of Louisville with a Bachelor's Degree in Social Work. Completed 560 hours of
Social Work Practicum Intemship with the Fort Knox Warrior Transition Center.

Associate of Arts Degree Conferred May 2011 to Dec 2012
Company Name

Tnstructor/Writer AOBC Jan 2009 to Jan 2011

Company Name i City , State

Primary instructor with an Anny Training Program for the Active Component (AC) and Reserve Component (RC) on virtual simulations for
Convoy Operations, anti-Ambush procedures, and additional training scenarios. Trained and evaluated the organizational effectiveness of units
using virtual or constructive simulations. Planned and conducted training exercises in support of Army National Guard and Reserve Component
units preparing for moverrent overseas. Made recommendations for training support package development change, additions and deletions based
on new guidance and policy. Designed, developed, proofed and implemented constructive simulation training exercises. Advised organization
mmmnagers, supervisors and instructors on the methodology and instrumental procedures needed for training and evaluations. Developed, evaluated,
and analyzed written and oral performance diagnostic evaluations, conducted counseling and remedial instruction. Planned, coordinated, and
supervised the daily activities of five staff members supervising a personnel holding organization of over 120 persommel. Supervised operations, and
liaison activities; wrote routine and special reports, commendations, and operations plans. Prepared and edited training plans and coordinated and
implemented training prograrrs; directed on-the-job training, Assisted in briefings, presentations, and presenting instruction to large groups.
Provided formal and informal counseling to individuals and groups; maintained computerized data file on past and future planned activities;
provided daily briefing to staff members; and maintains computerized personnel data fils, job evaluations, and awards. Provided professional
training sessions to over 260 junior level managers (Armor and Cavalry officers); coordinated inter-agency usage of various training aids and

Pe tem Drlioed ecco) Leer CMM Red ust ane elimi Romine Woes iccolMunnclarinmonarlioel gob Cse cciuLeemency
of instruction.

Education
BSW, Social Work 2015 University of Louisville

University of Louisville BSW Cum Laude - 2015

Associate Arts , Under Graduate Studies 2012 Central Texas College
Central Texas College Associate Arts - 2012

I Urewannibe ts

Planned, coordinated, and supervised the daily activities of five staff members responsible for over 120 persommel. Supervised operations, and
liaison activities; wrote routine and special reports, commendations, and operations plans. Prepared and edited training plans and coordinated and
impkeented training prograrrs; directed on-the-job training. Assisted in briefings, presentations, and demonstrations presenting mstruction to small
and large groups of service members and their families.

als
Training, Operations, Instructor, Simulation, Liaison, Training Programs, Case Managerrent, Armor, Instructional Training, Testing, Associate,

Excel, Inventory, Mentoring, Microsoft Word, Needs Assessment, Personnel Management, Risk Management, Team Buikding, Tire
IU Elralcc ee me bestehLaTeame LOCA)
