COLLEGE ASSISTANT

Si

Tend
Professional Ieader with strong emphasis on management initiatives, focused on developing comprehensive family and child-related programs and

services. Goal-oriented professional with strong leadership capabilities. A Detail-oriented exhibiting excellent commumication, buikling networks,
PD SCONE eis e od na eos Cue REUSCH ae ee RUn eee DES Le AUD Leoon OLS
quality.A Passionate about helping others.

als
© Strong leadership
« Analytical & probkemsolving . : A
© Adaptability, teamwork & communication , paaarenaue ee as
© Progammanagenrnt, eR " ae
. ae eae Le alts reel RS Sccton rete ter
Cab ocne)sinmncemiitinceratis ‘ rn
* Exceptional communication skills i ie lla
¢ HIPAA guidelines
Work History

Program Manager 07/2009 Company Name City , State

Oech Go ise emt PAe ROME CAE Mean Gece Oly mCi HI
schivor anes

College Assistant 10/2013 to 02/2014 Company Nanr City , State

o Exphined program offerings and requirements to parents and students and answered related questions.

© Recruited high school students in the community and registered them into Baruch College's College Now program which provided
students with a great opportunity to eam college credits while in high school.

Coordinated and assisted in the recruitment and retention initiatives that increased recruitment by 50% for the spring 2014 semester.
Organized and developed strategies for students and parents involverrent to encourage success in the program

© Collaborated with representative(s) from both our partner and prospective school on our enrichment programs for college

Pg TCC OLE

Collectively worked as a team with the Director and the Associate Director on marketing strategies for various events, such as new
student orientation,

Created database for participating students and high schools in Microsoft Access and Excel.

Increased public awareness of Baruch College through the promotion of programs, institutional image and student's engagement.
Performed clerical duties to include, emuiling, faxing, scanning, photocopying and answering phone.

Engaged in effective customer service support to the students, alumi, faculties and staffof Baruch Colkge.

° oo

er)

Oech Go ise emt PAe ROME CAE Mean Gece Oly mCi HI

Management and coordination of daily operations of the clinic and physicians practice including attending physicians, fellows, residents and
medical students.

Analyzed and audited medical records retrospectively and concurrently for accuracy of documentation and coding in compliance with
Medicare guideles for an outpatient multi-specialty facility.

Performed training sessions for physicians on selecting the accurate level of Evaluation & Management (E/M) and Procedural codes; to
orem meee rs Lelcledeleeiecs

Educated 20-30 physicians individually on how to accurately use the Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) and International Chssification
Diseases 9th Revision (ICD-9) codes to the highest level of specificity that led to billing error reduction.

Created and implemented new documentation template for the department of Cardio- Vascular Intravenous Therapy Department increasing
accurate documentation and billng.

Processed accounting requisitions, office management: scheduling using ID extend, billing, processed health msurance chirs.

Program Manager 08/2009 to Current Company Nane City , State

Manages several programs in the karate school, including the affer school and summer karate program for approxinntely 100 children ages
4-17 while maintaining alignment of the organization's mission.

Exphin program offerings and requirements to parents and students and answer related questions.

Identify the needs for each child and take educational initiative to create additional tutoring tools and resources to address these challenges.
Assess and track students’ progress and mike recommendations to modify program to enhance effectiveness in their academic and martial
Blicxeate een ane

Address program and policy issues, developed best practices and improve service delivery.

Impkment software to track payments, program effectiveness and generate reports.

Analyze budget to plan and organize activities for the various programs.

Coordinate and team leader for meetings, appointments and special events/activities.

Collaborate and encourage students and parent's commitrent to promote academic development.

Handk sensitive informtion in a confidential manner.
