QUALITY ANALYST/SENIOR RECORD KEEPING SPECIALIST

Summary

Administrative professional eager to leverage over 20 years of experience and business management degree to secure a higher level position that
will demonstrate keadership skills. Highly organized, efficient and skilled ina variety of office support tasks.

Serene alps tuniutlhy
© Procedure
development
Pr A 5 5 - ¢ Personable
Creates vision for performing art shows and acquires appropriate facilities for expected guests. ae oes
WOiceeebneismed orice (om etyse tee Ren ered SS Leb
Ca done)
edie kn reacerccualCenacnexoicaiaranenmde tl bearer rane Se Beles ca)
PME enero abe esih ay
Lead coach for upwards of 60 performers per venue. ¢ Troubkshooting and
A problem solving
ON eee: B eae @ scans * Productivity
Handles approval of budgets, payroll accounts, costume sekctions, stage sets, playbills press releases and . ancien
purchases of insurance contracts required for facility rentals. control
Reviews and approves rental contracts for vendors, captures sales records for ticket type orders, manages Se ect) ,
timelines and scheduks. © Results-oriented
Pam Oocgicelate rein
Connie’
Experience
May 2010

Company Name City , State Quality Analyst/Senior Record Keeping Specialist

¢ Excel within deadline-intensive environment, ensuring the accurate and on-time compktion of QC related tasks and volumes related to
service vel agreements.

Provided weekly team building to motivate peers toward team mindsets resulting in praise by management and associates.

Facilitate team huddle and use kan capacity management principks to flex workloads between Pay-In QC processes.

Document standardization of processing to eliminate waste.

Attend dailyAveckly meetings related to implementation of process improverrents as a result of problem solving,

Assist in updating standard operating procedures rehted to the Asset Transfer process.

Assisted in developing visual management boards related to four separate processes to monitor production and capacity management.

Responsible for researching and reporting trends that will eflect work processes; provide effective and efficient action plan to eliminate
waste and implement within necessary tum-around time.

Tapped for projects company-wide.

© Recognized for high-quality work, organizational strengths and exceptional customer service delivery related to the TIAA-CREF Way.

RET talaaeAuleyy

ie)

May 2010

Company Name City , State Customer Service Representative

Cie vonyecekel tiamcoaem ned onensias cm rCcca ics mbar crn i Ohio tim ecu r cone cs eN Geb oreticd
upper management and responsibie for reduction of NIGO queues by working with financial consultants and related associates.

January 2001

to

January 2007

Company Name City , State Customer Service Representative

Acted as a liaison to supervise 15 institutions requesting enrollments and information related to posting client premiums.
Accurately performed cakuhtions related to gains or losses.

Performed rollover/transfer payments to and from contracts to serve client requests.

Processed refimd payments for reconciliation of unchimed payments.

January 1990

to

January 2001

Company Name City , State Receptionist/Administrative/Telephone Service Counselor

Professionally responded to telephoneAvritten communication and in person visits from participants and institutions regarding payments,
Ouro Lam em eee chnctcts cee yale baCe
