CO- FOUNDER/THERAPIST AND TEACHING ARTIST
Summary
Mental Health Counselor specializing in Art and Play Therapies . Responsibke self-starter who communicates well and is dedicated to improving
the well-being of clients. Mental health professional driven to help others overcome personal obstacks. Comfortable working autonomously or ina
teanr-based setting. Clinically certified Mental Health Therapist skilled at motivating, communicating and advocating for clients dealing with mental
health and emotional disorders. Expert in DBT and psychotherapy. Seasoned mental health practitioner with demonstrated track record of
successfully working with diverse client populations in one-on-one and group settings. Skilled Therapist with expertise on the identification and
mmnagemnent of youth mental illnesses. Seasoned mental health practitioner with demonstrated track record of successfilly working with diverse
client populations in one-on-one and group settings. Mental health professional driven to help others overcome personal obstacks. Comfortable
working autonomously or ina team-based setting,

Nas
PRS bes qikcecs ratty
¢ Knowledge of the ins and outs of Chikd Protective Services ¢ Superior communication skills
(CPs) * Medicaid familiarity
CB cub ocemu Bons lesen ancy ¢ Psychiatric population familiarity
Cee haircare utes © Outreach programming specialist
© Therapeutic expertise Casa lieis wate keen calieteg
© Specialized training in grief counseling © Extensive DSM-IV knowkdge
¢ Family therapy background PERO lites Cueuninennlvenbrescaed
¢ Parenting skills educator © Exceptional probkmsolver
PEt nace ecko i © Merber of the National Association of Social Workers
© Suicide precautions expertise Q.AS.W.)
CRISS obes aceon a nity © Mood disorders specialist
© Dual diagnosis expertise
Experience
IPE
to
October 2015

Company Name City , State Co- Founder/Therapist and Teaching Artist Served as lead clinician for patients with bipolar, depression, anxiety and
eC esLiN melee

ote pece ERC nelcaLarlNaCcanle ecm ne helio Mn ee UET mm T iE aca ROMRMe Ie nance Blue Bieenmnurtt ety
paneneliLar) oi

Consulted with and developed appropriate treatment and rehabilitation plans for dually diagnosed patients.

Recorded comprehensive patient histories and coordinated treatment plans with multi-disciplinary team members.
Diagnosed mental health, emotional and substance abuse disorders.

Executed appropriate risk-assessment and mitigation strategies.

Developed comprehensive treatment plans for patients diagnosed with opioid addiction,

Led patients in individual, family, group and marital therapy sessions.

Evaluated patients to determine potential need to transfer to specialized inpatient mental health facilities.

Assisted clients in scheduling home visits and phone calls and monitored effectiveness of these activities,

Guided clients in understanding illnesses and treatment plans.

Developed appropriate policies for the identification of medically-related social and emotional needs of clients.

Created and reviewed muster treatment and discharge plans for each client.

Referred clients to other programs and community agencies to enhance treatment processes.

Organized treatment projects that focused on problem solving skills and creative thinking.

Fee rnice Rul panna nice veligubarsirusLebenta ri ccm cole WU bias ae deus siannckinekaiiesn me stnatel Oim
Worked with parents and teachers to implement consistent behavior therapy techniques at home and school.

Taught clients anger management techniques, relaxation skills, impulse control, social skills, emotional coping skills and fimctional living skilk.
Developed comprehensive treatment plans that focused on accurate diagnosis and behavioral treatrent of problems.
Tnteracted with clinical staffand external resources such as school or community personnel.

Collaborated closely with treatment team to appropriately coordimate client care services.

Conducted outreach, advocacy and rehabilitative services for regular cases and crisis intervention.

Docunnnted all patient information including service plans, treatment reports and progress notes.

Efficiently gathered information from families and social services agencies to nform developrent of treatment plans.
Conducted comprehensive initial m-home psychosocial assessments prior to first wraparound meetings.

Quickly responded to crisis situations when severe mental health and behavioral issues arose.

Effectively managed time and caseloads based on 50A sessions per week.

Checked facility for open windows, locked doors, malfinctioning smoke detectors and other safety hazards.

Oram beorlcem orice niga cane em

June 2012

ie)

March 2014

Company Name City , State CPS Specialist III

INSP
