NATIONAL SALES MANAGER
Summary

It is my desire to advance my professional development through marrying the managerrent, purchasing, and guest-oriented skills honed over a 20
year professional career in educational musical sales with a teaching passion that began with 6 plus years as an educator.

Shanti
* Innovative teaching methods ;
aver eee
, ee a sare riers vey BEES anr clic
F © Committed to cultivating a successfill team
Pe OlCanenunetslsrstiorai a an
© Midwest Band and Orchestra Annual Clinic Exhibitor semana iicaaiaas

Accomplishments

As the National Sales Manager at Universal Melody Distribution I increased sakes from 2013 to 2014 by 53%, I've worked hard to develop a
successfill team and profitable relationships with many well known manufacturers in the music industry.

schivor anes
National Sales Manager
January 2009 to Current Company Name i’ City , State

Oversee the daily operations of United Musical Distribution.

Oversee the daily operations of the online sales division, including competitive presence on Amazon and Ebay among other internet forums.
Complete and submit institutional bids to schools throughout the nation.

Responsible for creating sales opportunities and driving them to success as leader ofa sales team
Develop quarterly sales goals and implement plans to reach our goals.

Oversee the daily operations of the retail sales division.

Oversee the daily operations of our warehousing staf

Analyze sales history for merchandise and submit purchase orders to vendors.

Attend the annual winter NAMM show as a buyer.

I orereruce i sureece em UBC MircR roa UB at tele

Develop and maintain strong working relationships with vendors.

Observe saks trends for new merchandise and incorporate new items into our quarterly sales goals.

Director of Educational Services/Bids Administration
January 2001 to January 2009 Company Name 1% City , State

Complete and submit institutional bids to schoo! districts throughout the nation.

Solving complicated customer service issues related to bid sales.

Develop and maintain a successfull team of Educational Services Representatives that visit approximtely 90 schools each week.
Develop and maintain business relationships with primary, middle and high school music educators in South East/South Central Wisconsin.
Impkment new ideas for promoting the educational services division of Cascio Interstate Music.

ore ires imate Grid ace cece cnacl eae Omg clmLAMtrenibemes| niko wc sities teeenem
eis ee)l cate im

orn Ke Snead

Maintain the “look and feel" of the retail Band and Orchestra Departrrent.

Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction throughout the retail division.

Assist with the daily administration of the retail division.

Educational Services Representative
January 1997 to January 2001 Company Name 1% City , State

CRO eh y as Cees TROLL The aletecalc

© Customer sales and service Developing and maintaining business relationships with primary, middle and high school music educators in West
Central Indiana and Easter Illinois.

Petr reccisciureneraini py eum crerlUnn Us awabos paccoeb inh om Rt m icles) oles

CR Uiteoag ren scsea

© Band and orchestral instrument and accessory sales.

Fine Arts Coordinator
January 1992 to January 1997 Company Name 1% City , State

* Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of student progress.
¢ Managed chssrooms of 12 to 70 students during my tenure as coordinator, responsible for both musical development and iuplemented a
variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.
