PACKAGING BUYER/RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT LEAD

Summary

Seeking a full time position in Operations, Purchasing, Inventory Control, Logistics, and/or Inside Sales Managerrent.

Highlights

Operations Training and Development Management/Problem Solving Customer Service/Team Buikding Human Resources/Eduphoria Supply
ChaivProcurement/Planning Distribution/Logistics/Shipping Purchasing/SAP/Rigid Packaging Inventory Control/Warchouse Research and
Developrrent/Marketing CeridianiEmployee/Paychex Deja/FacetWin AP/AR

schivor anes

AU RE @racans

Packaging Buyer/Research and Development Lead Company Name

Maintains all purchase orders and vendor acknowledgements.

Updates vendor weekly Open Order Reports with accurate ETA's in SAP.

Requests component skus with _ItemSetUpGroup in Procurement Dept.

Updates PIR and source list information (costs, lead times, specifications, MOQs, etc.) per supplier and maintaining Master Vendor
Agreements and Insurance.

Updates back order reports for upper management to review weekly.

Preserves all new and existing artwork for compliance purposes.

Runs the ZBAR Report weekly and following up with the suppliers with regard to demand and production planning changes.
Scheduks all outbound and inbound shipments with suppliers.

Assists with truck requests information/notes in SAP for each shipment.

Maik and tracks packages/shipments sent out to vendors for working projects.

Packaging Lead on Research and Development Team for all new projects and licensing agreements with potential and existing clients.
Assists in following up and resolving all AR/AP issues with Accounting Dept.

Sustains and follows through with all packaging and ISO standards with Compliance.

Upholds an intricate position and consultants with FSI during the acquisition of Farouk Wings Plastics (bottle manuficturer) and
corresponds accordingly in the integration process.

Consultants in packaging projects and R&D inquiries with FSI's "Sister Companies" (Beauty Elite Group, and Blow Pro).

Attends trade show opportunities in effort to build knowledge and upcoming trends and new technologies in packaging development.
Meets with all current and potential suppliers for business development.

Works closely with Marketing and FSI CEO on all wet line development and timelines.

Liaison and/or Consultant between Marketing, Customer Service, QA, Purchasing, Production, Compliance, Maintenance, Lab, ete.
in effort to make sure all necessary precautions and steps are taken prior to starting any new projects with "special" packaging needs.
Writes and develops new procedural protocols and SOP's within the company in effort to streamline processes that "have always been" but
need to change in order to have smooth transitions and cohesiveness when something new is introduced with the company.

Assists in planning, timelme development, and launch of new products.

Assist in writing marketing and product development plars.

01/2009 to 01/2013
English Language Arts Teacher Company Name

Initiated, facilitated, and moderated chssroom discussions.

Evaluated and graded students' class work, assignments, and papers.

Prepared course mnterials such as syllabi, homework assignments, and handouts.

Maintained student attendance records, grades, and other required records.

Planned, evaluated, and revised curricul, and methods of instruction.

Compiled, administered, and graded examinations.

Maintained a regularly scheduled conférence period in order to assist students/parents.

Kept abreast of developments in their field by reading current literature, talking with colleagues, and participating in professional
eo lacannes

Selected and obtained materials and supplies such as textbooks.

Collaborated with colleagues to address teaching and research issues.

Served on academic or administrative committees that dealt with institutional policies, departmental matters, and academic issues.
Participated in campus and community events.

Acted as the Adviser to multiple student organizations.(ie: NJHS).

01/2002 to 01/2009
Oronlte cy MinM rica ol Lom Gen sa NElt EEO NAESIEsICc)

Supervised daily activities relating to operations, receiving, handling and distribution of rigid packaging

Facilitated weekly managers meetings between sales, operations & warehouse teams.

Monitored daily and monthly reports of sales, forecasting, and expenses in order to meet annual budgets and goals.
Delegated and implements changes for all departments.

Assessed all employee time off requests and staffing needs.

Adninistered training and development for all new employees.

Conducted annual employee reviews and pay recommendations.
