CREATIVE DIRECTOR
[Oouw reels
Creative Director, Graphic Artist, Studio Artist, Data Analyst, Sales and Marketing Representative - I have extensive experience with creating and
directing page layout and collateral design. I ama selfmotivated, detail-oriented designer and problem solver. I can conceptualize and execute
SS Sune aCe iMac kavinmrcnanlaisneniiinaenliq usher lined temiciccecostumm ee icibe scree ieke eg Cicecet
professional Fine artist and Illustration artist to add a unique spin to many projects when the objective merits it. Clean, contemporary layouts with
logical use of typography are my style.
Sumnnry of Skils

© Adobe CS: Acrobat, InDesign, Illustrator & Photoshop; Dreamweaver

© Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, Access & PowerPoint;

© MySQL, Citrix, Retrieve, HTML, Dynamic HTML

© Photography, Illustration, oil and acrylic painting, drawing & mural work, tie working

© Fumiture restoration and re-invention

© Basic knowledge of JavaScript and Eclipse

Accomplishments
Product Roll-Out A

© Responsible for marketing for product hunch including public relations, direct mail pieces, trade shows, sales training and e-mmil campaign.
Professional Experience

Company Name January 2002 to January 2015 Creative Director
lena El CG

Mentored our restructured Sales and Marketing Department which over saw web site design, web advertising, conference banners and ad

orlbe bem neuer nai ccuncentces lace aes

¢ Responsible for: new logo creation and branding of new products, motivating and problem solving.

T have ako taken on the role of Data Analyst over the past 7 years - I pull data from various sources including, but not limited to: Citrix,

Retrieve, ftp sources, various client websites, IRI, and directly from the clients themselves with increases in retum time to our clients by over

(ns

© Managed and met aggressive personal and team deadlines, handled changing priorities, while adhering to strategy, accuracy and time lines.

* CLIENTS: Eliabeth Arden, Reckitt Benckiser, PepsiCo, Kraft, Maple Flooring, Acosta, Green Mountain Coffee, SC Johnson Helped to
design and develop our latest version of NetBench, Ironbridge's robust data warehousing software.

© Rebranded and developed identity for all ofour existing and new products this past year.

Took on responsibilities over the past 5 years within our Sales and Marketing Department as a Sales Representative for various conferences

PMs eck OE ORG ceecaa poeta Cel ciCeb sea araveTTemnecniatg eer ace

As well as being a laison to our largest client on a weekly basis.

Work closely with marketing staffand clients to ensure that visual content is compelling, effective and on strategy.

Consult with marketing departirent on promotional and colteral material.

Took designs from concept to completion.

Axt directed and designed custom publishing material for print and promotional materials.

Print work featured in CGM - Consumer Goods Magazine as well as other periodicals as they pertained to conferences and events.

Company Name April 1999 to February 2016 Professional Studio Artist/Graphic Artist
lena El CG

« RESPONSIBILITIES: Create art work for gallery display and sale as well as provide work to various charities, events and silent auctions
(public as well as private).

Teach classes on painting and life drawing,

Worked with fimiture for restoration and reinvention.

Produced marketing materials and studio announcements for various groups and individual.

CLIENTS: Leukemia and Lymphorm Society, Susan G Komen Foundation, CAR, Slant, Douglas Frohman, Comelia Arts Building, Girls
Rock! Chicago, Cancer Research and Charity fimding Chicago, Delaware Street Capital, Southern Wine and Spirits.

Company Name August 2000 to October 2002 Art Director/Graphic Designer
lena El CG

© Work directly with clients to provide innges used for instructional booklets and large volume catalogs, as well as producing warning labels
for various products with tight deadlines and strict accuracy.

* I created original product packaging and branding for our largest clients.

¢ CLIENTS: Ekay Manufacturing, Spitfire Spark Plugs, NAF Graphic Arts Firm, Invemess GolfClub, Ironbridge Software Art directed and
designed catalog layouts.

* Heavy image manipuhtion for various clients products and equipment photo shoots Created line art for all instructions manuals for our
clients Produced and designed original packaging for clients products Branded many products and concepts for clients as well as in house
