EP

HIGH SCHOOL ENGLISH AND LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER.
eS RSTn Ta

Licensed English Teacher and K-12 School Administrator experienced in designing and implementing programs and developing curriculum to help
cea sate ann obec a aeslcce metre nS) ell eee Clues ol aur Leelee esaicud etinatocecrer cen tg
embody mission, vision and strategic direction of educational institution.

NaS
¢ Student records management ¢ Lesson Planning
Differentiated instruction © Analytical skills
¢ Chssroommanagenent © Flexible & Adaptable
PBC ob eb chc abril MOMS Toc ars 608
© Conflict resolution techniques Interpersonal Communication
Ms as isa

08/2018 to Current High School English and Language Arts Teacher Company Narre | City , State

, ee ee ee ee 2 2

Continually improve instruction to ensure academic growth.

Collaborate with faculty and conmumity members to improve education and provide opportunities for students.
Record and monitor student progress using multiple methods.

Effectively communicate with administration, parents, and students about student achievement.

Collaboration with a mentor teacher.

ess Buy ainene con yi teodcan regres tire eat ek Oy oe

Re Dutem cn ancnucencie choral asie en Puce

Buitt amin and citizenship skills to help with personal growth in addition to increasing academic knowledge.
Plan dynamic kessons to increase student comprehension of books and ioriamaenea sce

Adapt kesson plans and curricul to student interests, increasing GPAs and student Caruso

Compkte in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.

Consult with teachers to identify and adopt successful instructional strategies.

EOBLOIN Ey yuracae co ine Neca y eRuntry crest ree ea reading assignments and homework.
Work with administrators on behavioral issues to support the needs ofall students,

Cultivate relationships with parents for a compkete support network.

Help students develop important leaming skills and good study habits usefill in trade school or ol oukaubes teil
Keep classroom organized, clean, and safe for all students and visitors.

Plan coursework to introduce students to important literature.

Prepare comprehensive English curriculum for multiple classes.

eee ctu Kel osu natt en nance teeds cen eat keene en tral

Utilize multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fiesh and ceca Ne

01/2018 to 06/2018 Schoo! Culture Coordinator Company Name | City , State

Ce ee )

Supported the establishment of positive and safe school culture.

Oversaw the development and impkementation of student supports and interventions.

er eB linia oie en stele eet nackte eo yestelcalvel casi Roca, ee Oey tne

Conducted home visits in shelters, transitional housing programs, or a location ofa elilyAxepelusieae cp recs(csh

Ucn comschilonmhiba ycuenntatseemnennderesat ccm mites managerent system with meaningfil incentives.
Played an active role in coordinating school partnerships to increase student Conutonane ie RIb eres

Organized school events and town hall meetings that encourage community connection and investment in the school culture.

Served as a liaison to families and facilitate parent education in support of school culture policies.

SMCS nachos ona tote ree clarensit soma ecna management, and school culture.

Gathered student and staff input through focus groups and committee work.

Was a menber of the Social Emotional Leaming Subcommittee for PPSD.

Accurately monitored and analyzed daily student attendance and discipline records.

Bee SAM el asiabon pec P Rie ome Rar te elisa eel Se eeU ELI e LOM eRiratccd) avanulltoni ares)
the school improverment plan.

© Restorative Justice Circle Facilitator at Gilbert Stuart Middle School.
See eur R a Py uc Ee concen neuen carat ek) support positive school culture.

Led and directed staff meetings to update cultural diversity plans and review statistical information regarding minority experiences and
pussO rename Ra bee) Exot

Colaborated with schoo! leadership team to create and manage safe, wekoring kaming environment for all students,

Researched and implerrented new initiatives to further develop school culture.

09/2013 to 01/2018 Education Advisor Company Nan | City , State
