DIRECTOR OF PROGRAMMING ARTS

Professional Profile

Tech-sawvy Performing Arts Director well-versed in all aspects of event management from inception to compktion. Excels in marketing and talent
programming, as well as process rethinking and improverrent.

Qualifications
© Productivity improvement © Multi-unit operations management
Pee Bontaeranctl CEN ihel bevelog
© Superb time managerent skills © Unsurpassed work ethic
© Process improvement © Results-oriented

aaa chiesrates

ng ine ence Pon omed vrei: rcre OMEN Min ctolhy Wide eden crt intact a a God vero nee vcd
Center and the Tanner Amphitheater and have simultaneously created and fiinded permanent improvements and endowments. The Trailblazer
Summer Concert Series at the Tanner went from consistently losing money to net profit m both 2015 and 2016. By changing the way tickets are
Pisa ee ANCE) ORO Lace Seaton Coca carci ectee On eu hACured moreno Ae Lac me alia

alsoA created a scholarship program for College of the Arts students at DSU which financially supported twelve students in 2016. I sought and
obtained donations from the community in order to completely renovate the Cox Center's Green room and made permanent improvernents to the
aesthetics of the stage at Tanner Amphitheater including adding shade to the performing area as well as new lighting and sound equipment. All of
this was completed without receiving any additional fimding from the University.

schivor anes

03/2014 to Current

Director of Programming Arts Company Name 1% City , State As the Director of Programming Arts at Dixie State University, I amresponsibk for
the cultural arts activities at multiple venues. The Cox Performing Arts Center (1200 seats) is the hore of the Celebrity Concert Series (CCS)
which has been the premierA performing arts series in the areaA since 1958. I am responsible for the management of the CCSA and my duties
include overseeing all programming, marketing, hospitality, financial accounts, administration,A and fulfillment. I amalso responsible for interacting
MIN area ROO Beha icnotuan mice iee clone baronies kan ts CcmM 1k OO WCE rea oy Wy td
variety of entertainment genres. Our current season includes Manhattan Transfer with Take 6, the Utah Symphony, The Drifters, GENTRI, and
Canadian Brass to name a few. I amatso responsible, during the summer months, for all facets of programming and managerrent of the Tanner
Anphitheater (1600 seats) im Springdale, Utah at the entrance to Zion National Park. Before I came to DSU, this outdoor theater was used fora
hand fl of local artists playing weekend shows ona bare stage. I have completely rethought this venue by adding visual design elements,
incorporating concessions and catering, seeking and obtaining permits to serve alcohol, and structuring the programming around two series
formats. The first series is comprised of festival-style events where cach performance date is focused ona specific genre of musicA and marketed
as a standalone event with multiple artists hired for each show. The results have been miraculous as we tumed a poorly attended series into an
important, well-attended festival that was supported both by the community and the tourists staying in Springdale as part of their vacation to Zion
National Park.A. The second series isA an original show calkd, "Sanctuary: The Story of Zion" which was written to correspond with the
centennial celebration of our National Parks. I co-created, produced, and directed the show as well as asserrbled and hired the performance and
tech team This show was based on feedback we received from the area business owners when asked what kind of entertainment would best be
supported by the tourists who come to the area. Sanctuary tells the story of Zion National Park though storytelling, music, and the unique usage of
video projection to share testimonials of mny prominent Zion Park officials as well as world-class artists and climbers who call Zion home.
AU UR retavans

Board of Directors Merrber Company Name 14 City , State SUSWA continues to be a creative force in the Southem Utah area by providing a
PAO POMPE rua cme neae hele iab acc CCRML eee nun liUalne sudo theme, ZB eb i oer cm Clot
clinics for its membership throughout the year. As well, we create and manage multiple concert series each year in St George, Utah.

01/1994 to 03/2015

Operations Manager Company Name 1'4 City , State As Operations Manager/Owner of Spiral Studios, I was responsible for the daily
mmnagement of'a busy commercial recording studio. From serving area musicians ina state-of-the-art studio, to creating production music that has
been featured on such networks as Discovery, Disney, A&E, and many others, I managed each of these activities along with a talented staffof
Prenhtinnac Kanara ner cou MSc trod cel col ccc mncywa Ruy Perrin cont mcsy ks reed nw areas Reratearateet tt
andA providing A/V equipment. A In my time at Spiral Studios, I was able to create many industry relationships with both entertainers and
mmnagement.A. These relationships have allowed for a deep understanding of performing arts from the perspective of an entertainer as wellas a
director.A This knowledge informs my decisions and gives me a unique perspective in my rok as Director of Programming, A 1 continue to own
Spiral Studios but have turned day-to-day operations over to a studio manager and a staff of creative engineers.

01/1994 to Current

Musician Company Nan i State As a touring/performing musician, I have had the opportunity to travel the world. A This musical ability has
been the backbone of my career as I have transitioned from performing to audio engineering to managing performing arts facilities and concert
Pore Wlnitoncraerlvsinanansreas Tans gtkicomrranrinegg nun ar sctadhet te nae Wl keaton nr net
musicians, I have an intimate knowledge of the challenges they face. A I completely understand the technical dermands and needs of the events I
mmmage. A Lastly, I have a firm grasp on marketing and management, which has been central to my 25 year career.

brairestbeny

1994

Bachelor of Science : Psychology Brigham Young University is City , State , United States Minor in Business with an emphasis in Marketing.
Affiliations

SUSWA (Southem Utah Songwriters Association) - Board of DirectorsA

Celebrity Concert Series - Board of Directors, Chainmn

Warner Chappell - Staff Songwriter
