ARTS EDUCATOR

Summary

Creative and innovative Art teacher passionate about making theA middle and high school experience a positive one for all students. Works to
improve school climmte so that all students can leam course materials, as well as the social skills they need to thrive in all aspects of their lives.A
Excellent communication, interpersonal and effective leadership skills create easy interaction with students, parents and other stafE
Accomplishments

Served as the advisor for the [Student Club Name] Club for [nurber] years ina row.

als
© Valid and Current Teaching Certification in Florida. Earth-Space Science 6-12, Art K-12, Ekementary Education K-5
© Positive and encouraging

schivor anes
ORIPAUR ER @racanis
Arts Educator Company Name iA City , State

Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.
Communicated effectively with educators from various grade levels.

A coloRertiygst em ince diye ecco) ste

Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.
Supplied one-on-one attention to cach student, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.
[ecient ccrce OR iecaoninrannce cee hee Mekal pane

Organized ficld trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos.A

Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated keaming needs.

Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated keaming needs.

Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.

Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.

Presented all class material and policies accurately and clearly for [number] classes each semester. Prepare lesson plans and set up goals.

* Demonstrate methods and procedures in the use ofa variety of art materials and tools such as; acrylics, watercolors, brushes, graphite,
colored pencil, oil pastel, cartooning, metal repousse’, weaving, paper mache’, sculpture, wire work, jewelry making, fised glass and
[oars om

Assess students’ needs and capabilities then utilize customized teaching techniques.

Inspire students and assist them to develop their creativity and self-expression.

Exemplary in chssroom management establishing a student rapport that promotes learning and active participation.

Initiate and yearly sponsor the National Junior Art Honor Society.

OA eee ele giicealid bese nemo Nam Coecic Lene Roanoke ae Shc nike WU Mm ORS ee onthe al MMe gies!
peal low acet tines

Manage an annual budget between middle and upper school divisions.

Carry out duties as department chair to provide guidance, instruction, direction and support to fellow faculty members.

Collaborate with co-workers to share best practices and resolve academic and disciplinary matters.

Actas laison between staff, students, parents and school director.

Motivated individual with a true passion for life-long keaming.

04/2005 to Current

Company Name i City , State

CU SPAU ELS PL0 ts)

Visual Arts Instructor Company Name i City , State

© Develop good rapport with students’ in order to cultivate a creative and encouraging atmosphere.
© Effectively communicate informtion and ideas to staff, parents and students.
CREW Glryereies| de becam@ erm resiaecicaiec ete) lece

10/1990 to 07/2005
Owner/Artist Company Name 14 City , State

© Own and manage business which provides a variety of gifts and commercial signs.
© Supervise all aspects of the business including; customer service, sakes, purchasing, accounting and employee hiring and training,
¢ Developed and produced a fused glass product line still carried in galleries and gift shops across the U.S. and the Caribbean.
