AM- REPLENISHMENT STOCKER
Summary
Adaptable [Job Title] with extensive experience in material handling, inspections and shipping and receiving. Focused on continual process
Pe eena Cocca ct ME ap teniacirocaitesc tee.

Shanti
CB ciifoui tm minntaen Cee wilt aan Berinndextity
© Quality Control * Knowlkdge of ISO 9000 and Kaizen

Inventory control procedures * MS Office proficient
* Strong communication skills * OSHA Certified

Accomplishments

Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements. Ensured freshness of food and ingredients by
checking for quality, keeping track ofold and new items and rotating stock. Performed all transactions in a cordial, efficient and professional
manner.

schivor anes

September 2015

to

June 2016

Company Name City, State AM- Replenishment Stocker

Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. Kept the showroom clean and maintained neat,
orderly product displays. Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping. Resolved service issues in a timely manner, including
coordinating and processing returns. Rotated stock by code and receiving date. Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire
Ow.

AT VeAU NT

to

Deore wanes)

Company Name City , State Commumications Technician

* Performed basic FCC Proof of Performance tests, including test point and 24 tests as well as responded to and repaired service
interruptions and signal degradation on the two-way distribution plant as required.

© Performed requested and non-pay disconnects, pre-wired unit dwellings in order to provide "ready hook-up" capabilities, and inspected
existing ground and made new ground according to the National Electric Code (NEC) in order to protect employees, customers, and
equipment from ekctrical shock or dannge.

October 2003

to

May 2006

(Oo ANE LO EOC oR Tcem carllstcenmRentiner ain)

¢ Assisted in all phases of installing, testing, and troubleshooting security and access control systems in Houston metropolitan area office
Phe hatocd

* Maintained company owned vehicles, tools, equipment, individual tool issue, and building keys to customer buildings.

© Documented completed work accurately and consulted with supervisor to resolve discrepancies and interfaced with customers as necessary
emnanlieem enter cna

brairestbeny

May 1996

Gulf Shores Academy City , State High School Diploma

yak}

Texas State Technical College City , State Associate of Applied Science : Information Security Install, configure, and support an organization's
local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), and Intemet systems or a segment ofa network system Monitor network to ensure
network availability to all system users and may perform necessary maintenance to support network availability. May monitor and test Web site
performance to ensure Web sites operate correctly and without interruption. May assist in network modeling, analysis, planning, and coordination
between network and data communications hardware and software. May supervise computer user support specialists and computer network
support specialists. May administer network security measures.

Ureecle ral PaNiliralbetcl

Fall 1999A Masonic Order Member Abraham Grand Lodge Isaac # 10 Chapter

Skills

* Sales Software: Saksforce.com, TapScan
¢ Public Rehtions Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
© Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML,
