SIXTH GRADE ENGLISH LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER
Profi

Middle School/Secondary Teacher committed to nurturing and inspiring students to explore, define and transform their work. Through Literature,
History, Biblical Reflection and Creative Christian Interpretation, this teacher secks to challenge students to engage the world in dynamic and
fruitful dialog. He will use effective, dynamic and inspiring methods of teaching to guide students into discovering who one is called to be while
erage reese techn ROL Gn

bs Haniatics
© Lesson Planning
© Unit Creating through Backward Design SEES RG rehialsouexonolincetirencon eens eit and
¢ Well versed in implementation of the Common Core Cediriiaed
Cir teas uasouistnekeclaleic CUNEO iedocuraang
Ce tie crie lista Ce Goecordbscia ang
¢ Differentiating Lessons to address EC modifications © Bilmgual in Bahasa Indonesia
© Professional Leaming Commumity Lead Teacher * Coached a Battk-of-the-Books academic competition team
© Sixth Grade English Language Arts teacher © Assistant Coach for a district champion middke school soccer team
Ce Sele Cored crane Ngee snus CP COs Cc koeaniee peer buelilinenccu cum Patra niet
© Literacy Tutoring experience SAR cst
© Served as a member of the Academically/Intellectually Gifted © Consulted with coaching staff ofa district champion middle school
Committee Recwed (ett)

© SIOP trained for addressing ELL needs

Accomplishments

For twelve years, I have worked with a diverse community of students in public schools in North Carolina. I have challenged each student to rise
above the difficulties of life and embrace the gifis and opportunities bestowed on each individual under God's providence.

Experience
Sixth Grade English Language Arts Teacher Aug 2007 to Jun 2015
Company Name i City , State

Instructed through lectures, discussions and demonstrations in English Language Arts for a diverse populations students with special needs
and academic and intellectual gifts.

© Planned kssons, collaborated and coordimated instruction with colleagues through several Professional Learning Communities.

© Commumicated regularly and effectively with parent/guardians conceming student achieverent, social development and growth.

Sixth Grade English Language Arts Teacher Aug 2003 to Jun 2007
Company Name i City , State

¢ Instructed through lectures, discussions and demonstrations in English Language Arts for a diverse populations students with special needs
and intellectual gifts.

* Planned kssons, collaborated and coordinated instruction with colleagues through regular team and content area meetings,

¢ Commumicated regularly and effectively with parent/guardians conceming student achievement, social development and growth.

Pastoral Care Ministerial Internship Jun 2002 to Aug 2002
COO NAN nen LO NASI HIC!

¢ Internship in Pastoral Services counseling in the HIWAIDS clinic.
CP Coen eelnannegecobt Bueno ber euctietnepsta)eslteice
¢ Created materials and program for education local congregations about HIV/AIDS.

Duke Divinity Schoo! Ministerial Intem Jun 2001 to Jun 2002
COo i ota N linea AOL NaI ICs

CC Cota cua nib moi yceminems ute coe bes cone

© Planned and conducted an educational mission trip to Washington D.C.

¢ Planned weekly and monthly activities for spiritual and social growth of the youth.
© Instructed and counseled youth on religious and social issues.

Substitute Teacher Sep 1999 to May 2000
(Oo tana LOLA

¢ Several months as a substitute for a teacher assistant ina Behavioral Disorder and Special Needs chssroom
© Responsible for a 4th Grade chss at Lake Ridge Elementary School during a teacher's brief kave of absence for a family emergency.
© Taught and observed in nearly every grade from Kindergarten to High School Senior English.

Teaching English to Non-Native Speakers (ELL-Instructor) & Camp Counselor Jun 1996 to Aug 1996
