SALE CONSULTANT
Summary

Tmdriven to develop and implement fresh sales and marketing strategies with financial and operational discipline. Competitive Sales Rep with two
years in sales with vast industry knowledge. I'm independent worker with high energy and great commumication skills. I have a a lot to thank to my
lst employer Boost Mobik of Mobile Factory for helping me advance in my sakes skills and knowledge of different technology, such as phones
and computers. Friendly Saks Associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. Excellent
multi-tasker and team player. Reliable with strengths in inventory managerrent, training, and customer service. Friendly, knowledgeable and hard-
working team player. Alo a customer service and sales expert who identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems.

bs hranianie

Inventory mamgenent :
: : Corer EIST asec

Secs , Rear le
ec cs ¢ Stafftraining and development
LAL, a oa ae
Sale expertise OP Need one
CMB Gorernlinuettaeksenerpiritersy Portree aS
Se aoc a Computer skils
© Teamphyer mentality

Jeanne

Company Name City , State Sale Consultant 03/2015 to 11/2015

T Answered all of the customers questions and addressed problems and comphints in person and through the phone. I also helped customers
select products that best fit their personal needs, and processed an average of 40 transactions each day ina timely manner. Maintained visually
appealing and effective displays for the entire store. Educated customers on product and service offerings. Completed purchases with cash, credit
and debit payment methods. Trained all new sales employees on effective techniques. Organized items in visually appealing manner. And did
Inventory checks throughout the day to make sure everything in the store was there.

(Oo ANE LO AERO om NSA Rm PAPA!

Working at Michael's Arts&Crafts my job was really simple and enjoying. My responsibilities were to assist customers with their needs, handle
money throughout the day and give change back. Also with the seasonal position I had there I did leam a lot on how to greet customers and how
to make sure that they were satisfied. 1 Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods. And Organized items in visually
appealing manner.

Company Name City , State Front clerk 02/2014 to 06/2014

Whik working in Chicago Bakery I accepted payment from customers and gave the comect amount of change as needed. Cleaned up spilled
food, drinks and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash. I also took cake orders over the phone and maintained store ckanliness
throughout the day. Stock baked good in the display cases. At the end of the day I would close the store and make sure that nothing is out of
je)aeer he M oss) Cet e een es eRe Lce DNR Sect

Accomplishments

When I first started to work for Boost Mobile I didn't know a thing about sales or phones at all. I was so insecure about everything, until one day I
decided to put all the insecurity thoughts aside and show my true strength and confidence. My sak skills went from zero to none to one hundred.
My best day is when I sold 31 phones in one day with accessories, I was so proud about how hard I work to get to my goal. I have a Jot of thanks
to my coworkers because they showed me how to push myselfto my highest limit and conquer my goals. They also showed me how to be a team
phyer and to ahvays help everyone and not just customers. One of the best months was when I sold 145 phones and over $3,088 worth in
accessories. Routinely helped as many as ten customers cach day ina high-volure retail outlet.I also filfilled all supervisory duties when the store
mmunager was on vacation. I'm very proud on what I've leam over the couple of months working at Boost Mobile of Mobik Factory, I thank them
for helping me develop ny skills and mmking me into the person I know I am

brairestbeny
High Schoo! Diplomm 2014 Northwood High School , City , State , Unitedstates

During my four years of high school I struggle a lot to manage my grades and make sure that I would be on the right path to achieve my goals but
some how I would always let something get in the way of my goal. Until one day my counselor and my favorite teacher came to me with help. They
helped me plan out everything that I wanted to accomplish before I graduated, with the right push and motivation I was able to achieve my goal. I
managed to get all A's, B's and C's.

Bate

© English
CSc)

alg
