WAREHOUSE LEAD
Executive Profile

A position i Warehouse Management requiring a self-starter with a reputation for dependability Highly qualified warehouse professional with
cross fictional and cross industry management experience including staff training, inventory control, shipping, receiving and customer service.
Responsible for achieving production goals, coaching and motivating staff through workshops, setting up incentive programs, and supervising all
operations with accountability to management Extensive inventory control including ordering supplies, disbursing mterials and equipment, factory
retums, vendor contact and negotiations, and maintaining stock levels Maintained focus on achieving bottom line results while formulating and
implementing technology and business solutions to meet a variety ofneeds Personnel management experience includes recruiting, interviewing hiring
/ disrissing, training, scheduling, performance evaluation, promotion, and employee relations. Excellent organizational talents demonstrated in
ability to prioritize high volume workload, schedule and plan projects, multitask delegate as needed, and pay close attention to details whik
meeting commitment and deadlines. Strong commumication skills include ability to interact ina positive and productive manner, Iten effectively,
give or take direction, articulate ideas clearly, and write concisely. Performall job functions according to SOP / Procedure Manuals as well as
contributing to the technical writing of manual and to profitability of company. Core areas of expertise include: SelfStarter Personabke and
professional Exceptional Analytical Skills Process Redesign and Improvement Safety and compliance *Excellent Computer Skills Team Building
and Leadership Performance Standards Creative Thinker Quality Control and Compliance Selected value offered highlights: Powerful Strategist
able to mp creative solution empowering organization with tools needed to produce high quality results. Superior record of delivering simultancous
large-scak, mission critical projects on-time and under budget Talent for proactively identifying and resolving problems resulting in increased
productivity. [Job Title] familiar with all aspects of logistics, shipping and receiving and general warehouse operations.

Detail-oriented [Job Title] highly efficient in leading shipping and receiving operations. Abie to lift [Number] pounds. Flexible schedule and
BN tal) op (ers es ics

Skill Highlights
* Shipping and
receiving
Csr csi
eancatl
© Production
Fre eae nina
Oe tio
eancatl
Mac and PC-Word, PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook, Access, ACT!, Strong Internet and Research Experience bd selena
. nt in
eelTeg|
CREST cs
Specialized Training / Seminars: TQM-Mamgement; Lift Truck Certify; Safety Awareness; Custorrer Service Training; Ronee
OSHA Certification; HAZMAT Training; Trade and Consumer Show Production / Managerrent; Extensive Sales and POT ec
Advertising Seminars and Training an
Serene
© Vendor
management
¢ Strong
communication
Rails
Nth) hl) a
Exwontenll
ule ankce ad
¢ Natural kader

[Ov ew cour ecnenaihy

Reduced shipping operating expenses by [Number]%, while maintaining shipping volume and accuracy.Eamed a perfect attendance record for
Ptr ead Riese ers ella

Achieved [Number]% accuracy during [Year] [Audit Name] Audit ofa [Number] stock-keeping unit warehouse facility.

Recipient of the [Award Nanv] Achievement Award in [Month, year]. Named €ocEmployee of the Monthi€ in [Month, year].Saved $[Amount]
annually by negotiating better rates with all transportation carriers.

Professional Experience
Company Name April 2011 to Curent WAREHOUSE LEAD
lena El CG

Reduced operating budget by [Number]% and misships by [Nurrber] by implementing new policies and procedures. Established transportation
cost standards and economical shipping practices.
