ACTIVITY SPECIALIST
Summary

Highly knowledgeable, creative and resourceful Educator with experience in developing students’ interest in and appreciating music through
teaching theory, history and practical skills.

Education professional driven to create an environment that promotes hands-on leaming for chikdren at all stages of the kaming process.I have
over 10 years of vocal training and 8 years teaching experience. I have a deep concentrate in music education, special educationEducator talented
at making special needs children feel valued and accepted. Encourages each child to reach their fill potential. and vocal instruction. Friendly and
energetic, with 8 years in substitute teaching in a public classroom environment. Motivated to help students karn and be happy, healthy and well
behaved. Educator versed in collaborating with teachers and parents to best meet each individual's unique needs. Attentive to the physical,
emotional, intellectual and social needs ofeach student.1 perform extraordinarily well with others and as a team Ieader.I am assertive and I strive to
do the best job possible. Motivated teacher with extensive knowledge of the education system and educational testing standards. Exceptional
communicator with advanced problenrsolving skills.

BS ania}
Microsoft Word, Photoshop, Filemaker, HTML. and
MS Office proficient

© Competent in Smartboard technology
Substitute Teaching Certificate © Mother oftwo chidren
6 years as sumer camp counselor Siw ere hOl waar
Fast leamer Mee bectineieg
Riepecnineg sree cia Strong communicator
Basic clerical knowledge fOr eetiersueaarse
In-depth knowledge of autism
Accomplishments

Founded the Desi Amaz Performing Arts Department at IS 238 and led it for 4 years.
Worked with over 200 special education students, grades 6-8, for 8

Bical

AVEC IB ACS pene

Created an arts curriculum targeting diverse eamers to create an engaging educational experience.

Process Improvenent

Developed a level work or theory for students that resulted in numerous admission to Performing Arts School in the New York City
Domiipuneectleest oem

Lesson Planning:

Introduced new keaming methods to ensure total comprehension for all students.

© Employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the developrrent of sensory/perceptua-motor skilk,

language, cognition, and memory.
