4/5 GRADE TEACHER
Summary

English Teacher with excellent communication skills. Organized and driven with the innate ability to stay on task. Uses effective and efficient
methods of teaching while focusing on the individual needs of each student.

Highlights
* Lesson planning expertise
CW AEOibeme ie ane
© Schedule creation and maintenance
* Academic performance evaluations

Accomplishments
Served as Head Cheer Coach for 10 students in seventh and eighth grade.
Co-sponsored Student Council and yearbook.

schivor anes
4/5 grade teacher
September 2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

4th/5th Grade Teacher Create lesson plans and curriculum.

Develop and use a variety of assessment data to refine curricula and instructional practice.

Evaluate academic achieverrent through detailed analysis of student performance.

Develop and maintain cohesive and positive classroom atmosphere and culture.

Manage student behavior to ensure all students are fully engaged in leaming.

Prepare kesson plans and special instructions for substitutes.

Build and maintain strong relationships with students and parents.

Provide continual assessment of student progress and mnintain student education records and secured data.
Create monthly chssroom newsktter to keep parents informed of chss activities.

Eighth grade English/Language Arts Teacher
July 2011 to May 2015 Company Name if City , State

Eighth Grade English/Language Arts Teacher Create Iesson plans and curriculum based on AZCCR Standards.
Develop and use a variety of assessment data to refine curricula and instructional practice.

Evaluate academic achieverrent through detailed analysis of student performance.

Develop and maintain cohesive and positive classroom atmosphere and culture.

Manage student behavior to ensure all students are fully engaged in leaming.

Prepare kesson plans and special instructions for substitutes.

Build and maintain strong relationships with students and parents.

Provide continual assessment of student progress and mnintain student education records and secured data.
Colhaborate with resource specialists to meet the needs ofall students.

Attend and implement professional development training and leaning throughout the school year.
Highly-qualified in subject matter due to exceptional knowledge.

worked with administration to put together student's schedule Create monthly classroom newsktter to keep parents up to date Coach 7/8th
grade cheerleading squad and serve as student council advisor.

© Planned and implemented fundraising efforts for both extracurricular activities and philanthropic organizations.

Site Director
April 2008 to Jamary 2011 Company Name 1% City , State

© Supervise and interact with staffand children grades k-12 Create and implement RULES Insure that site meets DHS licensing standards
Help to keep multipurpose room and storage area organized Greet parents and keep them informed of daily events Sign-in and account for
all kids in program daily Keep bulletin board both up to date with DHS standards Create and implement duty roster Keep site files up to
date and in order Evaluate and review staff performance Participate in bi-weekly staff meetings Supervise and plan special events.

© Plan and impkment designed curriculum

Activity Leader
April 2007 to April 2008 Company Name 1'4 City , State

© Supervise and interact with staffand children ages K-6 Create and implerrent incentive program for homework club and program Create
and implement STAFF and KIDS RULES Insure that site meets DHS licensing standards Help to keep multipurpose roomand storage
area organized Greet parents and keep them informed of daily events Sign-in and account for all kids in program daily Keep bulletin board
both up to date with DHS standards Create and implement duty roster Keep site fies up to date and in order Evaluate and review staf!
performance Keep track of budget Attend and participate in managerrent workshops Prepare for camps Received Fingerprint Ckarance
