Seeley era Riera

Detail-oriented, enthusiastic educator with over 12 years experience in Higher Education, skilled in designing curriculum for various baton a
members with an aim of integrating technology in meaningful ways. Secking a position as an Instructional Design professional where I can organize,
plan, and implement effective educational practices. Exceptional ability to manage multipke projects ina deadline-driven, CS reroman neni ane
Dalits bere en cum ecw Racearaneeon

Experience

Neca sl Piura a@en meson Wa Cleresc er

June 2008 to Current Company Name i City , State

Design first-year Composition curriculum, which assists at least 25 faculty instructors of Composition each semester.

eee Dea on ene ene Mac E RO On aceon csc rr Loin yatta

PUD econ ec RPE Moos onecrutieaivaaltirecaeiceivtee tates

PUTS EAs) arya Com aOCCB om re rret ay alced

Currently it is being used by 25 faculty members.

Ree E NIM etrccmalnb eee L@el cud @orr nes tetarse anit bncrtacec sy Pinekercce. DY.S reguhtions.

Train, supervise, and mentor new instructors of College Composition, providing them with curriculum which rowan Okan

Implement professional development opportunities and workshops, many of which focus upon effective use of ‘technology within the

classroom, including using various Leaming Management systems in helpfull ways.

Ne EEE sou o ene ee LO oe Oe Une Rit elonwaclt cena erate ecard Biter tele en

Affairs to implement an early intervention and retention program called Early Performance.

This entails recruiting participants and creating documents to train faculty how to participate.

ed a ae ESO ch ud eR iis EN Reerc caren li hae) ect OR ea Oren i yea nies

PER susandbalne ch anid cone Sumi nce waar bab ren eae

Collaborate with a team of Composition faculty to write and organize anthologies to be used in Composition classrooms across the campus

(CoeeU AW La Eaten mele)

Sea Sen LE AAS at OU e aera he liege Ta emo enim eel ee week-long Orientation once a
year,

¢ Assess and ensure that instructors meet the objectives and goals of their courses.

Sor Whitbread
January 2007 to May 2008 Company Name 1% City , State

ry Ce ee ee ee?

* Planned, impkemented, and assessed various Composition courses, rmintaining University objectives and goal.
* Planned and facilitated First Year Experience recitations, helping Freshmen understand the culture of UNC and how to be successfull ina
University environment.
© Designed and presented a variety of professional development opportunities, including workshops about matching teaching strategies to
various kaming stykes.
© Improved student writing skills as a tutor in the University Writing Lab.
Graduate Teaching Assistant
January 2005 to December 2006 Company Name 1% City , State

* Taught College Research, four sections Taught Freshmen Composition, four sections Taught 20th Century British Literature (Duis RRO)
with Dr.

¢ Sharon Wikon, one section Designed, implemented, and assessed Iessons and assignments for composition and literature classes
Collaborated with other instructors about curriculum needs and best practices.

Bsiiur ye oe tele bad
August 2002 to July 2004 Company Name 1% City , State

PES ee See NCR rua bene ned Don Om nue aSs arc rete e

Designed, implemented, and assessed lessons focused on a variety of writing assignments including personal narrative, Nee
poetry, short stories, creative writing, business letters, persuasion, argumentation, and research essays using MLA documentation.

+ Provided assistance throughout the drafting process for the development of writing sampks.

Maintained strong connections with parents, colleagues, and administration relating to the progress and success of student performance as
well as various programs.

Sponsored the Forensics Speech and Debate Team throughout the 2003-2004 school year including practices and toumaments.

Led several successfill individuals to triumph mn various categories.

Ore Beiagposeniaccr mre scmlenticrlce oir one

Pe Re OUR eg ee aac MMO rk OM con ieee Chesed alned Bette uci’

Education

Master of Arts : English, DECEMBER 2006 University of Northem Colorado i” City , State GPA: Recipient of Dean's Citation of Excellence
Award Nominated for Dean's Outstanding Thesis Award English Recipient of Dean's Citation of Excellence Award Nominated for Dean's
Outstanding Thesis Award

Bachelor of Arts : English Education, DECEMBER 2001 Colorado State University 1% City , State GPA: Cum Laude English Education Cum
bBtratd
