MEDICAL BILLING SPECIALIST
Skill Highlights

© Microsoft Office products such as Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint
Can type 60 words per minute
Experience with face-to-face customer service interaction
Experience with communications with external clients via email and conference calling
Can create and maintain detailed records of any given project or task
Some experience with mailroom machines (envelope cutters, faxes, copiers, scanners)
Experience reading medical documents (insurance forms, EOBs, procedure notes, etc.)
Strong experience with medical coding ICD-9, CPT, HCPCS II, and medical terminology
Intermediate experience with ICD-10 coding

Professional Experience

RAO)

to

December 2015

Company Name City , State Medical Billmg Specialist

STRetine cguelame) eet slenccm rece hacen ec eci@ (ermal strc)

Able to understand CPT, HCPCS II, ICD-9, and ICD-10 diagnosis codes

Re-code CPT codes for specialized billing (ie., charges for Medicare patients)

Add appropriate modifiers as needed and/or requested by contacts at facility site

Submit charges in correct RVU order while following NCCI guidelines

Work with contacts at the site to ensure charges and chims are submitted cleanly via intemal/external emails and weekly conférence calls
Inform site contacts of any charges nearing timely filing limits

DOD Uae LO/MUCICo icles mu LaisLenalitag

Work with Insurance AR reps to resolve any denials/issues with submitted chims

Some knowledge of billng per msurance type (Le. commercial, state/federal, or private insurances)

Site was a multi-specialty, multi-practice operation with roughly 25-30 providers

Charges submitted range from retail clinics to hospital procedures/surgeries.

Assigned additional diagnosis codes based on specific clinical findings (aboratory, radiology and, pathology reports as well as clinical
studies) in support of existing diagnoses.

Examined diagnosis codes for accuracy, completeness, specificity and appropriateness according to services rendered.

Provided administrative support for multiple physicians.

Coded outpatient encounters at a rate of 160 per day and 120 complex specialty coding,

Accurately entered procedure codes, diagnosis codes and patient information into billing software.

Consistently ensured proper coding, sequencing of diagnoses and procedures.

Quickly responded to staffand client inquiries regarding CPT codes.

Demonstrated knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Regulations by appropriately handling patient information.

Added modifiers as appropriate, coded narrative diagnoses and verified diagnoses.

Evaluated the accuracy of provider charges, including dates of service, procedures, kevel of care, locations, diagnoses, patient identification
Biebe ene slomsiur altel

Communicated with medical transcriptionists regarding patient medical records.

Zot ee syLeom Soh HCE Lee UCU P ence

© Performed quality control of the data entry system to verify that chins and payments were posted correctly.

January 2012

to

March 2013

Company Name City , State Imaging Specialist I

® Processed payments for medical offices, collections agencies, and utility companies Sorted and counted how much muil each client received,
both live payments and correspondences Prepared live check payments for processing by ensuring information was kegible Scanned checks
into system and ensured quality of batches before submitting to payment processing Scanned correspondences for each client, ensuring all
documents were legible Prepared and mailed out rejected payments or retum muil for each client every afternoon Maintained logs with
Tonics Weel era raleGenomceecetivelnc es Omir eniiva eines ty necce

September 2011

to

January 2012

Company Name City , State Cashier

Handed customer transactions such as sales.

Responsible for handling and counting large amounts of cash.
Offered product insurance to customers when applicable.

Ask for anor offered customer rewards card to all customers.
