SOUS CHEF/LINE COOK.
Sire ent 7
eM iS etwas kn Raila caGoy ecoueieuitnunege lus oecbbiiulorcm mana ruc@ abe mnPwcon cca Ohcopzeniilad
skills to prepare a special variety of dishes in a professional, rewarding environment.

Pera nianey
« Focused and disciplined.A CB Ord cceh anicns alicwN
CMA catcolrnt scorn .8 © Knowkdge of preparation of various food items.
¢ High volume production capability. Pe aaron ants ecw
© Ability to handle/resolve problems © Sandwich preparation experience.
¢ Reliabk, punctual and committed to customer service © Well-tuned paktte

Accomplishments
¢ I phyed a key rok in the successfil physical inventory of 10 million dollars worth of product, with an accuracy difference of 001%.A.

Experience

December 2015

io)

PMTs WAN) (c

Company Name City , State Sous ChefLine Cook

Persistently strive for continual improvement and work cooperatively as a team menber.

Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads. 7

Set up and performed initial prep work for catered food items such as Hors d'ocuvre's. salads, and entree's.A

SERCO P CSOT LO RO ae Pan ieeibe IAL enc Uae) eRe @ too

(XO rcahatnecs ae ror Cree OLamae tion anaubmmecennem Nina eutle already ,

Successfilly execute menu with highest quality and consistency standards during highest volume hours.A

Helped develop a variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and diet restrictions such as gluten-fiee and vegan ites.
Icon Rel Tena Ric vec rece RU UMT esab IC CLEC Om err tag

¢ Instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation, cooking, gamishing, and presentation of food.

May 2015

to

December 2015

Company Name City , State Food Expediter/Food Runner/Busser

Shiv heseiemuenhecekync mes seminmc aber omalnine ena’

Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and comphints.

Always displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members.
annlokins one siic rane ORT Cen ow

Controlled the clearing and resetting of tables with the utmost efficiency. A

Set up numerous simul and large catering finctionsA

January 2014

ie)

IBN bs

Company Name City , State Picker/Shipping

Rio cuach ieee cpm saul em reli ecmieue reid here a hodce

Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.

Received incoming shipments and reviewed contents against purchase order for accuracy.
Followed proper sekction procedures as established by the company.

BF ch ence Bnueece Deb TA CMR Le Wert Biota om

Moen yep eed Brea tun eect lines

(Or reecP renames one eR cue Nao LcE a lebtcnuee

October 2013

io)

December 2013

(OO NAN PeL ON AEN nS uaa

© Handkd products and peu PIE KmoecesPecm HRC NMIbe Rca Len RUI Leal nem
CMEC earl cutsenenway

© Asranged and stocked department displays.

© Gave every customer immediate and undivided attention.
