TALENTED ARTS PROGRAM INSTRUCTIONAL COORDINATOR

Highlights

Eight year military veteran with seven years of experience in the education field. Four years of experience teaching art throughout Caddo Parish.
Art teaching experience includes serving gifted art students enrolled in the Talented Arts Program (TAP) throughout Caddo Schools. Also served
as an Art teacher at Forest Hill Elementary and Judson Elementary. | also serve as an Art teacher for the Volunteers of America affer school!
program at Forest Hill Elementary. I have been drawing and painting since elementary school. I also sell my private artwork as a freelance artist.
Tn addition to my art & educational background I have over nine years of extensive business administration management experience. I aman
optimistic, organized, dependabk, problem sober with strong communication skills. Effective at building productive and positive working
relationships with teachers and children from diverse backgrounds.

schivor anes

Taknted Arts Program Instructional Coordinator

Noverber 2008 to Current Company Name 14 City , State

© 1961 Midway Avenue Shreveport, LA 71130 United States 11/2008 - Present Salary: 2,000.00 USD Per Month Hours per week: 40
© Educator (Independent Contractor) Current School: Forest Hill Elementary Principal Angela Douglas (318) 686-1783 Talented Arts

Program Instructional Coordinator: Rhonda Glass (318) Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Performs substitute teacher duties for various schools in Caddo Parish ona long term basis.

© Traveled to various elementary, middle, and high schools teaching gifted art students in small group settings for Talented Arts Program

(TAP)

Serviced TAP Art students located at Shreve Island, Herndon, and Judson Elem, Keithville and Youree Drive Middle, Caddo Middk
Magnet, and Walnut Hill clementary/middle schools; Northwood, Magnet High, and Byrd High Schools

Establish effective relationships with children in various Caddo Parish Schools to make a positive impact on their educational experience.
Impkments conflict resolution and negotiation strategies to effectively manage chikdren with special needs ina classroom setting,

Creates ksson plans, grades papers and input grades into JPAMS automated grading system for progress reports and report cards.
Performs other administrative duties as needed.

Responsible for effective oral and written communication as it relates to explaining and teaching the material ina way that is easy to
understand, but within the allotted timeframe

Ensures that instructional methods address the various leaning styles of the students. Responsible for proactively managing social issues that
involve conflict resolution, problem solving, negotiating, ethics, faimess and issuing disciplinary consequences and rewards surrounding the
Rulon ucheeis inom

October 2000 to Decerrber 2007 Company Name 14 City , State

Salary: 2,500.00 USD Per Month Hours per week: 40 CO-Owner/Transportation Logistics Manager Duties, Accomplishments and
bel aloes ally

Reduced overhead costs by taking on more administrative responsibility

Developed and managed weekly, monthly, and annual operational budgets for three semi-trucks, trailers; and truck drivers

Created and developed a comprehensive plan to accomplish company objectives while staying within budget.

Managed relationships between truck drivers, freight brokers, warehouses and customers to resolve problems and maintain customer
Rance

Reduced overhead costs by taking on more administrative responsibility

Developed and managed weekly, monthly, and annual operational budgets for three semi-trucks, trailers; and truck drivers

Created and developed a comprehensive plan to accomplish company objectives while staying within budget.

Managed relationships between truck drivers, freight brokers, warehouses and customers to resolve problems and maintain customer
Rance

Negotiated contracts and payment for freight deliveries, driver employment, and payroll.

Completed and muiled bill, contracts, policies, invoices and checks.

Initiated performance measurements and appraisals surrounding on time deliveries and customer satisfaction.

Transkited business needs and priorities into actionable logistics strategies.

Minimized damages and repair costs through carefull management and implementation of preventative maintenance program
Assigned workloads for three transportation personnel to ensure profitability.

E-maikd suppliers, carriers and customers with freight status

Cultivated a positive rapport with employees to boost company morale and promote employee retention.

Conducted research on logistics operations, including literature reviews, interviews and site visits to gain and attract new business.
Impkmented Logistic Strategies to acquire lucrative freight that generated over $150,000 per year in net profits

Supply Logistics Manager and Customer Service Specialist
September 1992 to July 1999 Company Name ¥% City , State

Barksdak AFB, LA 71110 United States 09/1992 - 07/1999 Salary: 1,500.00 USD Per Month Hours per week: 40 Supply Logistics
Manager and Customer Service Specialist Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:

© Provided customer service for all Air Force Organizations stationed on Andersen and Barksdale Air Force Base.
BE ZO re Gnnncicrnetcal ais eACencm UGH aLaemiinmcin GO RrIne Reece atete lay cece cmt Lccrieceen eid

purchasing, issuing, back ordering etc.

© Processed hundreds of purchases/back orders for intemal and extemal customers on a daily basis.
* Researched and purchased stock items for the best on base or off base sources of supply
