MARKETING MANAGER
Summary
To use my skills, knowledge and enthusiasm to advance the public image and credbility ofa business-driven company, in a manner consistent with
ickorstnten RCC ache MN nae Ce eBib oy circa Oem rlinmerd ro mccnr come llecb tall Laerena@luciiccusomtusmet bie
relations both for private corporations and non-profit organizations. This includes the ability to execute a successfiil event or project from vision to
oleyie oben
Highlights

; rece MO} Dae itetontea as
fOr umuca com ucla
oatbels eb nleiedoeci aca aeinaateed
Deadline-driven
Exceptional mult-tasker Excellent written and verbal communicator

Multi-media marketing
schivor anes
Marketing Manager Nov 2011 to Oct 2016
Company Name i City , State

© Drive strategic marketing planning as well as tactical execution for the 6 regions.

© Manage marketing communications, including website, collateral, B2B, content marketing, webcasts, advertising, proposal content, digital
marketing, and media relations in collaboration with central marketing.

Eine raslbor necmibroe ecb canumceL core em carne) aman elem

Work with Executive, Sales, and Engineer teams to run annual Summit.

Manage Marketing Department Staffing

Foster relationships with potential customers, drive brand awareness and create effective sales and marketing opportunities.

Pursue and coordinate sponsorship, speaking, tradeshow and event opportunities to enhance reputation and increase exposure with target
Bitetanaey

Manage Market Development Funds and create events that pay for themselves. A

Utilize CRM to execute effective marketing prograns.

NT eH bA IO CnUmecICBisliecri Peele Bristiinaiimiilrnai ata

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Special Events Coordinator Feb 2005 to Jim 2011
Company Name i City , State

© Generate an annually growing source of event revenue and participants for Franciscan Health System (FHS) objectives, and increase
community involvement in and support for FHS by managing seven successful special events (St. Francis, St. Clare and Franciscan Hospice
Golf Tournarents and the Brett Erickson and Spectrum Golf Toumaments; and the Franciscan Hospice Luncheon, St. Joseph Ball and St.
Francis Gal).

Interact with FHS administrators and lead community volunteers to develop, schedule, and determine FHS special event goals, procedures,
Bipame renee

© Manage the ongoing activities of approximtely 90 volunteers in seven event committees in Tacorm, Lakewood, Federal Way and Gig
sche

Direct report of 2 administrative assistants and up to 30 vohteers per event.

Prepare and present reports of special event financial, attendance, etc., results to event committees and to the Franciscan Foundation Board
of Trustees.

Liaison between the Franciscan Foundation and a variety of corporate and individual donors/vendors who financially support special events.
Solicit corporate sponsorships and gifts from individuals and vendors in support of these FHS special events.

Research and cultivate prospective event sponsors.

Manage event ticket sales, reservations, and registration.

Oversee bank transactions, credit card processing and all other post-event reconciliations.

WEI ah iet@trstiaiuekyeous Keane mess i iice

Public Relations and Event Contact for outside organizations wishing to support the Franciscan Foundation.

Ticket Office Manager Nov 1998 to Feb 2005
Company Name

Managed as many as 200 performances a year in 3 different theaters.

Managed a 4-6 person Ticket Office team and 30+ Front of House staff

Senior Level Administrative experience Provide customer service via phone and in-person.

Assist patrons and rental organizations with season subscriptions, single ticket purchases, and donations.
Provided year round financial and statistical reports to Board Members and Executive Committees
Accurate development, accounting & reporting of Ticket Office Budget and Sales.

Database Manager for Patrons and Donors using ArtSoft.
