LANDSCAPE TECHNICIAN

Professional Profile

Diligent and driven banking professional who has achieved success ina variety of roles with increasing kvels of responsibility. An effective
communicator and team-buikler with strong analytical, management and organizational skills.A

Highlights
Cir aislveest © Risk management expertise
© Detai-oriented Pa ones anatireniiisuar sacl elicy
© Excellent commuication skills © Exceptional customer service
Cesena oneal © MS Office proficient

schivor anes
07/2015 - Current
Company Name i/ City , State Loss Prevention/ BSA Analyst

Evaluate current fraud situations and formulate recommendations to reduce in the future

crisp cored WD RO ccaCh ar vanonncem ania Oarecamanrcerree kealremicm eae nna.

Review structuring reports ifsoftware is not fictional. Work cases and alerts generated by software, documenting conclusions reached and
Btoe lcci

Review member accounts to determine those posing higher risk.A Obtain and evaluate EDD forms and information. Fike Suspicious Activity
Reports (SARs) as necessary.

Provide effective written and oral communication with members conceming extended holds, or possible fraudulent transactions, or other
security measures taken. Document all actions accurately and timely.

Work with Fraud and Security Managers in investigations and recoveries; with Operations (when necessary) to ensure fraud is

iinicey Nae eC RN Law letP aa becUionu ceramic Mellon op cemnce intake stitst

04/2014 - 0772015
Company Name i City , State Branch Representative

Provided superior member service in the Retail branch, answering/ resolving member questions, and discrepancies; performed and
processed transactions on sales side of branch- ie. membership/ loan applications; resolving account related issues; and all cash-related
responsibilities related to the service side

Achieved assigned cross-selling and performance goal by proactively offering appropriate products and services to each member to ensure
Credit Union's growth goals

Developed and maintained a strong working knowledge of PFFCU products and services, as well as all policies and procedures associated
Siloti yma sure com okciuce ariel caieut wanes)

Produced work that is thorough and completed with minimal errors, delivered the highest level of service by ensuring all member information
is secured and protected

Maintained a superior volume level of work performed; adhered to all PFFCU policies and procedures

11/2011 - 102013
Company Name i City , State Operations Supervisor

Oversaw and supported the day-to-day department production activities which included cross training, control, and audit activities,
production, and quality contro! to achieve targeted business goals / objectives.

Facilitated departmental workflow, ensured work was properly safeguarded and controled in accordance with banking policies and
procedures; identified, minimized and escalated risk where appropriate.

Ensured work adhered to regulations and compliance to CFG policies, departirental policies, risk avoidance standards and SLAs;
Coat R OM ecm slat Smeal auttenamotwds alm

Tracked and reported key departirent metrics to include productivity (group / team), large dollar items, general ledger errors, teller errors,
customer impact and service level agreements.

Reporting demonstrated teats operational effectiveness and efficiency to Retail and Corporate units.

Recorded passing audits, 90% customer service, and SLAs met for 5 consecutive years by providing guidance, training and Ieadership to
12 junior team members who achieved individual / department goals.

Provided input in the performance review process; motivated, incented, and rewarded desired behaviors to the team by providing feedback
and utilizing available reward and recognition progrars.

02/2008 - 112011
Company Name i/ City , State Senior Operations Associate

Provided oversight, monitoring, and decision making of the workflow for a team of Operational researchers ina fast paced environment
requiring application of various complex methods, procedures and knowledge of business unit's product(s) and application(s); repaired any
negative impact to both intemal and / or extemal customers.

Researched customer, brand, or bank inquires using advanced analytical skills to determine the source of the probes.

Accurately resolved and ensured work product adhered to reguhtory and compliance guidelines, departmental policies, quality control and
service level agreement requirements.

Minimized risk to the bank by utilizing knowledge of reguhtory / compliance requirements.
