ACTING GRADE 4 CUSTOMER/BRAND
Profile

Obtain a position that will allow me to utilize my strong abilities, educational background and the passion to work well with others. I ama
motivated employee who is highly energetic, outgoing and detail-oriental. Handles multiple responsibilities simultancously while proving exceptional
customer service. Reliable and friendly who quickly leams and masters new concepts and skills. Passionate about helping customers and creating a
Ret etont een at oom

Core Strengths
oa Cem ciliata
: ii rare © Usage of presentation software
enirae A © Cash handling accuracy

© Strong communication and interpersonal skills aren

° Ns * Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines

Cer NContentoxe cant A

CR iecniary

Aug oanan at acs

Acting Grade 4 customer/brand Oct 2015 to Jan 2016
Company Name i City , State

A typical day as grade 4 is filled with coaching, developing and ensuring the store operations get fulfilled. Supporting and keeping open
communication with management. Training and Coaching associates, Monitoring floor coverage and complete workloads. Ensure to maintain a
positive work environment both internal and extemal. Grade 4 is required to work together with managerrent and associates; perform variety tasks
as assigned by leader on duty, such as customer engagement and daily operations. Grade 4 priorities are being in charge of Gapcards, Media
Ambassador and weekly safety audits. When it comes to brand grade 4 are in charge, running shipment and merchandising and updating refreshers
ina timely matter being well informed about remarked. Keeping the stockroom well maintained and keeping visuals up to date.

Sales Associate - May 2015 to Oct 2015
Company Name i City , State

¢ Asa saks associate we demonstrate the finest customer service. We Speak with knowledge and confidence to customers about styles, fits
and the latest products. On daily bases we are well informed with our promotions, offers and our sister store as well. We are accountable to
maintain the store to meet brand standards. Being part of team gap we have to executes all operational processes effectively. While running
task and working brand, all store policies and procedures need to be followed. Having to the ability and confidence to sake Gapcards is one
of many main priorities. Knowing the perks and benefits of being a cardhokder. Always bring American style to life.

Nights and Weekend Manager Feb 2014 to Mar 2015
Company Name i City , State

* Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits. Built and maintained effective relationships
with peers and upper management. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each team member
accountable for achieving and performance goals. Coach and supported the team to reach our daily goals. Attended meetings cach month to
voice concems. Informed customers about all products and services offered by the company. Built customer confidence by actively listening
to their concems and giving appropriate feedback. Directed strategic and appropriate marketing initiatives to maximize sales. Not only
business was main focus, also maintain our workphce with structure and peace.

Saks Associate Jun 2011 to Feb 2014
Company Name i City , State

© I would ensure giving exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience. Balanced the needs of multiple
customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. Kept the store clan and maintained organized stock shelves. Informed
customers about product that best suits them and services offered by the company. Selected as a product demo and party host. Processed
all sales transactions accurately and ina timely fashion.

brairestbeny
High schoo! diplomm June 2012 Leuzinger High School i City , State GPA: GPA: 3.8 National Honors Society, 2009-12 - President,
Pinecone ped Bienes p Bacon eLeitel eral Oca 74

© Chass Rank: 12 of 118, Overall GPA 3.8

¢ National Honors Society, 2009-12

¢ President, Advancement Via Individual Determination club 2010-12
© Secretary Key Club 2010-12

© Office aid and Teacher's Assistant

Bachelor of Science , Psychology and Communication major 2016 California State university Channel Island i City , State

¢ Psychology and Communication Major
