6 - 8 LANGUAGE ARTS GRADE TEACHER
Summary

Enthusiastic Language Arts educator seeking growth as an education specialist within a school that is dedicated to the academic and socio-
emotional success of its student population.

Core Qualifications
* Motivating students © Experience working with special needs students
© Leaming style assessment © Classroommamgemnent
© Active listening skills CR iver isvane i enibesency
« Differentiated instruction © Clear public speaking skills

PO h ete tly
PESuiCona Behe overran

Increased 6th grade Language Arts standardized test scores by 20%, analyzing pre and post data and by introducing more effective keaming
techniques such as technology integration and student-run lesson plans.

© Increased 95% of 6th grade reading comprehension scores of students reading on 4th and Sth grade vel to on or above grade kevel by the
end of the school year; with a program called Voyager Reading used for targeting weaknesses.

Education Strategies

Seok rsnhuire Coder Ritu nresinrernObt nal cans qoraige? Quel ny and
students mastered the Standard of Leaming exam for the first time in four years the school was in "improvement" status.

Ce errnciesd

© Served as student mentor for students when academic problems and personal adjustments arose, meeting with guardians to reach solutions;
and making recommendations to guidance counselor.

Goal Setting

* Established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading rubric and
Corl kescreseutih eis

Professional Experience
Company Name City , State 6 - 8 Language Arts Grade Teacher 01/2005 to 08/2009

Developed kesson plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.

Performed student background reviews to develop culturally diverse lessons.

Used variety of teaching techniques to encourage critical thinking and discussion in Language Arts class.
Empowered kamers to reflect and selfassess performance.

Established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among a class of 35 students.
Dato erCeMMG EGRET mue ned et PCcec Hach ECR ean itt ee

Earmed positive verbal/written feedback from parents and administration regarding chssroom instruction, management and student learning
(oyneel pee

Collaborated ideas for performance improvement during IEP meetings.

Presented effective professional development leaming strategies to faculty.

* Empowered students to engage in community opportunities beyond school.

Company Name City , State Administrative Assistant to Chief Nursing Officer 07/2003 to 11/2004

Supported a team of four administrators with clerical duties, in addition to directly working for the chief nursing officer.
Designed a new filing system for efficient work flow.

Managed muttiple projects for nursing directors.

Handkd multiple phone line system

[Orerliaeckuenraree entre Rel esiCm

Documented reports on confidential patient concems.

Managed administrative calendars.

Created correspondence and presentations using Microsoft Word Programs.

Company Name City , State Administrative Assistant to Nursing Director 01/2001 to 01/2003

* Managed the director's calendar and travel arrangements.
¢ Organized nursing conferences on site.
© Handkd multi-line phone system
