OPERATIONS COORDINATOR.
Summary
Dedicated and focused Office Manager who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultancously, and following through to achieve
project goals. Secking a role of increased responsibility and authority. Resourcefill and accomplished with extensive office operations and
personnel organization expertise.

brainy

e Account Management
: Naneiae © EProcessing Network
Aan © TeamPhyer
© Office Ally CO peclionsontanans
¢ Business Development Cae aoe
Pree er ne al ead
Ces) bay Ce) ,
ey: cee ¢ Community Outreach

¢ New Customer Acquisition
¢ Interpersonal Skil
CRB Ties leereW oh cane

PUL an le wn) bems realy
CERO recom recat

Accomplishments

¢ Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-phayer attitude.
¢ Successfully planned and executed corporate meetings, lunches, and special events for groups of 20+ employees.
© Incharge of implementation of Office Evolution Colurbus's social media, marketing, and online blog presence.

Experience
(erorteoe@eeneiesog
March 2016 to Current Company Nanw - City , State

Hurman Resources Administrator for Portland branch.

EW PACs om

Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.

Designed electronic file systems and maintamed electronic and paper files.

Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

Sito istce Reece Tees emNL Ree oranicpee Mull encesertesyucn cng

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

Created weekly and monthly reports.

STS Pee On am Venaliag
June 2015 to March 2016 Company Name - City , State

WWE ced seco toniacic me Del belnauectnarS OMe Cb esrencicd eno se noneen nim nce bie hesce Om Orit oe
Maintained the front desk and reception area ina neat and organized fashion.

Designed electronic file systems.

Handkd all media and public relations inquiries.

Roar roar geen ceenne om kun cmconcucsrocscg opealnbuucse Obl bed oti] aig
Dispersed incoming muil to correct recipients throughout the office.

Nhe o rack amoreceinesenieiee acca Rais) enoeeiee RUS

Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.

Selo lfist cs RNven cued “Tees mu Rees orate Mull enucpeetesyuun cng

Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.

Created weekly and reports.

Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.

WW hletuccRinlme nackenarioorceGraincianeke coerce

Billmg and invoicing,

I Barut stew Tae
August 2013 to August 2015 Company Nam - City, State

© Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement method.

© Maintained daily records of chiKiren's individual activities and behaviors.

© Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all kamning styles.
PI Cree yeelciiceb in tclometas embed omen coceneg oy TngTincom

¢ Developed professional relationships with parents, teachers, directors and therapists.
