1,T. SUPPORT TECHNICIAN/SPECIALIST
[Osheue Oona ang

Thave Over 20 years' experience working with customers\users through Martial Arts Businesses that I have owned. During this time I received first
hand experience in Sales and business managerrent. I started training for a career in LT. after I decided to transition from Martial Arts to an L.T.
related field. In 2012 I started working as an Inter at Southem Crescent Technical College while I was going to college there. I have 1.-T.
Technician experience in working with and mamging help-desk operations.

Because I have to work one on one with customers/clients I am proficient at explaining complicated teclmical concepts to users of varying degrees
of technical understanding, I feel that I ama dynamic computer technician experienced in most aspects of hardware, software and operating
systems maintenance and repair. Through my training at SCTC I Possess knowledge of advanced diagnostic techniques.

Treceived my degree in the Networking field for CISCO and MICROSOFT at Southem Crescent Technical College and currently pursuing
further education and certification in Network Management at Westem Governors University. My main professional goal is to become a network
administrator and to receive the education required to become certified in networking and its related fields. I can add a great sense of
professionalism to your company while being a hard worker and getting the job done right.

Qualifications
CMe OAAN Es uite(s
. 0 . a o
eee Te saan ca
r rN De elu Face att ; ann nen y
ead MY motivated and very customer service- focused Has extensive knowledge in Virus and spyware removal
© Sound judgment
Technical Skills
RTI Experience Total Years Last Used
Desktop and Laptop systems Expert i) 2015
Active Directory Experience 5 Aub
Computer installation chivas By Aub
Computer Troubleshooting —_ Expert By Aub
Software installation\upgrading Expert By Aub
A Fee(o\cicc a carl ee Cod ore 5 2015
Microsoft Office Suite Experienced 5 Aub
Ao) ureresian)lsibeny Experienced 5 2015
Virus\Spyware Removal chivas By Aub

Accomplishments

1.3 time recipient of the "Ducks ina Row’ Award ftom Souther Crescent Technical College 2013. 2.
2. Diagnosed hardware and software failures and resolved technical issues with a 90% success rate.

3. On average closes more tickets than any other Technical Support Specialist in SCTECH.

4. I corrected a problem with a switch that had plagued our School's ADDS class in which the imaging process was incredibly slow. I found the
problem to be a misimtch in the speed setting, While some ports were on Full Dupkx others were on Auto. Setting all ports to Auto fixed the
problem This was done within my first 3 months as a tech.

Aug oanan at acs
LT. Support Techniciar/Specialist 01/2011 to Current Company Name City , State

© Byremote or on location, I respond to tickets given by Faculty and Staff through a helpdesk system

Tickets range from basic computer problems to networking problems regarding Cisco switches.

T have worked with the installation of voip phones, Risevision software for signage, and developed the installation procedures and currently
oversee the installation of TALC class management software.

T have alo worked with the Kaseya management system in remote desktop operations and auto workstation updating procedures.

T have been involved with inventory control procedures and understand the importance of keeping an accurate item inventory.

I make sure I am professional and cordial in my dealings with the people I work with. My duties included leaving the customers\end users
more knowledgeable, with the problem fixed and with a smik on their face.

Children's Program Developer/Operations Manager 01/2009 to 01/2011 Company Name City , State

© T over saw the day to day operations, sold memberships, retail goods, upgrade packages.
© I Taught martial arts classes and designed curriculum programs and taught martial arts to children and adults.
¢ I soled probkirs between customers and management and talked frequently on a one on one basis with customers.
