ENGLISH LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER

Summary

Tam passionate about teaching and caring for students holistically. I believe it is crucial for students to develop critical thinking skills as they
develop their sense of selfand their worldview. I prioritize teacher collaboration to develop a community among educators and to develop best
practices. I pursue professional development opportunities to better serve all of my students with an emphasis on equity, differentiation and inquiry-
based learning, I have recently completed my National Board Certification pending results in January of 2019.

Skills

Educational Leadership

Chssroom Management

Variety of Teaching Strategies

Multimedia Teaching and Leaming

Tnquiry-Based Leaming

brairestbeny

10/2013 to 06/2017

English Language Arts Teacher Company Nan 1 City , State

Thave worked at Lakes High School in the Clover Park School District for the past five years. In my time at Lakes, I have taught 9th grade, 11th
grade and 12th grade English as well as AP Literature and AP Language. Due to some teacher tumover and the adapting needs of the English
department, I have had the opportunity to build my experience across grade levels and develop curriculum after curriculum to suit the needs of
students at various ages. As a result, I believe one of my greatest strengths is my understanding of the skills necessary at each grade level for
students to successfillly exist high school career or college-ready.

06/2016 to 06/2017

Head Of English Department Company Name i City , State For the past two years I have served as the English Department Head. This position
Red hie sutra Lene S OCU AUG Ina necure] elon Negra a hhc sina eclLeM ities Die de elcrinm@u rie itac
A Ceca ime eM MLTR OnE Unni ce es cHUCIe lito hy oR ian Rela mea caitsonuc te geiiranam mits ee brrennitaig
meetings with our Principal, Mrs. Mauer-Smith, to plan department meetings. Additionally, teachers were invited monthly to contribute agenda
iterrs or areas of professional development interest to mform these meetings and make themas meaningfill as possible.

07/2016 to 06/2017

ASB Advisor Company Name i City , State I was very excited to accept the position as the ASB Advisor at Lakes High School. In our
Leadership Program, I highly prioritized student-leadership and facilitation. It was a regular practice that I met with our Senior ASB officers to
discuss Leadership Development content and project management that they would facilitate in fiture classes. I saw my rok as advisor to highlight
student abilities, passions and ideas to build beautiful products while teacher students the value of understanding the process by which products
cone to be. All year, we emphasized the pillars of Knowledge, Courage and Compassion to serve our student body and develop personally as
Knowledgeable, Courageous and Compassiomte peopk.

brairestbeny

yA)

Master in Teaching : Secondary Education University of Washington i% City , State , United States

English Language Arts Endorsement

English Language Learner Endorsement

2011

Bachelor of Arts : English University of Washington 1 City , State , United States Minor in Education, Learning and Society

2009

Associate of Arts Tacomm Community College 1% City , State , 98409 Running Start Program
