SCHOOL LIBRARY MEDIA SPECIALIST

Perieceer a RSTn rsa

My goal is to bring my unique set of skills and experiences from my professional background to the position of College and Career Coordinator, at
Broken Arrow Public Schools, which will allow me to provide an imeplaceable viewpoint and ensure every student receives the highest quality
instruction each day. Remarkably skilled in developing quality activities and presentations to promote career awareness coursework designed for
effective education to a culturally diverse audience. Highly qualified and experienced in developing strategic plans to enable school districts to build
CON het P ores rcnenendeennaceeketrl tad abernemule ee binecee ne bee mic onnsmealter|
organizations for student intem experiences. Strong interpersonal and commumication skills as well as the ability to work effectively with a variety of
stakeholders. Superior research and development skilk, as well as, organizational, project management, problem solving and multi-tasking skills.
Exceptional experience and a proven record of'success in writing grants and raising finds for a schoo! ftom govemment and non-govemment
sources, Excellent knowledge of current trends in social media, web content, digital communication platfonrs and other job related technologies.
Experience

OU INAH P MAL ER Oncnaeb vee orem ata nadcG

OES

Chaired the Oklahorm Sequoyah Award committees which required serving as the liaison to all authors and publishers, coordinating all
reading tears’ activities, developing promotional material and maintaining organization relationships with stakeholders.

Introduced, raised finds and impkmented reading programs that allowed a notabk: author to visit, speak and give signed books to students
at their school library (two different schools, using two different authors).

Create and impkeent college and career instructional units to guide students and their parents in future plang,

ane Re weenie Konlag OUcl ee om Once cabccee dpe ler aawel sree al bee rieccmntn skinny
associated with reading,

Assist parents and community with technology needs to develop and maintain relationships with school stakehoKers.

Design and present educational programs and kessons reinforcing 21st Century Skills for 21st Century Learners using various technology
advances.

Analyze data, research, and collaborate with colleagues to implement instruction supporting Common Core Standards and enhancing
curriculum development by integrating instructional technology.

Company Name Septerrber 2002 to August 2008 Schoo! Library Media Specialist
(Or aN

¢ Wrote grants and developed strategic marketing plans to raise fimds for educational prograns.

© Collaborated with govemment and non-profit organizations to establish an integrated work plan to utilize all grant and fimdraising
opportunities,

Interpreted and enforced provisions of state education and federal justice codes, rules and regulations.

Effectively used books, Internet, and current professional journals to generate ideas for library purchases, significantly increasing student
interest and participation.

Company Name August 1999 to September 2002 English Language Arts Teacher
Oa eC

¢ Prepared course outlines, kesson plans and other education material that provided engaging and rigorous Ieaming experiences for students.
© Colhborated with team menbers to plan, develop, organize and promote integrative instruction,
¢ Assisted with district professional development and teacher training,

bDaiPest belt)

Northeastem State University May 2015 Masters of Education : School Administration City , State School Administration

University of Okhorm May 2003 Masters of Library City , State

Northeastem State University December 1998 Bachelor of Arts : Education English City , State Education English

Secondary Principal, test taken 7/2014 Library Media Specialist, PK - 12 Arrerican Literature, 7 - 12 English Literature, 7 - 12 World Literature,
7 - 12 Grammnr and Composition, 7 - 12

Affiliations

Software & Information Industry Association 2014, 2013 SILA CODIE AWARDS Oklhom Library Association Oklahorma Sequoyah Award
Committee - Administrative Team Chainman Okkhoma Sequoyah Award Intermediate Reading Team Oklhorm Sequoyah Award Young Adult
Reading Team Intellectual Freedom Committee American Library Association’ Young Adult Library Services Association Outreach to Young
Adults with Special Needs Committee

Accomplishments

¢ Federal Emergency Mamgerrent Agency (FEMA) Emergency Management Institute IACP: Juvenile Justice Training and Technical
Assistance: Safe Schools COMMUNITY SERVICE: Oklahomm Medical Reserves Corp.
¢ OKMRC) JPS Foundation: Jenks Hometown Huddk.

Nas
Crenineta yuan mod betes SU CTU TCS VeRO CNaUC CIS rate eos) acm cel sceiet ei]
Pes oe] ccs CoM Lu em IE Colicm Colom tly em @oln seciteny
