BUSINESS PROCESS ANALYST
Summary

Business Process Analyst highly effective at mcorporating creative kadership skills to achieve business objectives. Directs projects that improve
efficiency while meeting deadlines and budget requirements.

schivor anes
RU WER @racans
SETS ee Ue P Aa ROT NANDA ONES 1G

© Design and implement internal audit practices to identify, mitigate and resolve HR exposure.

© Manage testing internal audit controls and tracking the status of gaps and corrective actions.

* Maintain audit schedule, and partner with HR Risk Mamger and Corporate Intemal Auditors to ensure on-time compktion of audits.
© Provide objective, risk-based evaluations of the eflectiveness of company policies and procedures.

© Oversee annual reporting, includng AAP, EEO-1 and Vets 100.

© Prepare and present quarterly executive reports to the CPO.

PERO REN we)
People Infrastructure Operations Coordinator Company Name i% City , State

Acted as primary point of contact for all North American new hires.

Adninistered the applicant tracking system to update, audit and maintain candidate data.

Managed the onboarding process for new hires in the North and Latin America regions.

Created and sent offer packets to new hires.

Partnered with other members of the People Team to ensure a smooth integration of new hires into the company.

Worked with HRIS and Payroll teams to create new hire accounts.

Supported Talent Acquisition team projects ona global basis by identifying and documenting existing team processes, researching and
reporting on industry best practices, and carrying out project tasks.

02/2015 to 10/2015
Operations and HR Specialist Company Name 1'4 City , State

© Managed all aspects of the hiring process fromrecruiting to onboarding, including administration of the applicant tracking system,
preparation of employment agreements and new hire orientation.

Provided support for various recruiting campaigns, including Stack Overflow and local career fairs.

Managed company PEO and the day-to-day operations of the group benefits program

Acted as a liaison between employees and the PEO and escalated tickets or questions as necessary.

Maintained all personnel files.

I Ureueciet ecole Str enilvgscire) 8

Reviewed employee expense reports for compliance with company policy.

Assisted with administrative fimctions, including ordering office supplies, overseeing facilities processes, maintaining record of IT equipment
and handling correspondence.

Assisted with monthly sales commission calculation.

* Planned and secured vendors for company events.

08/2013 to 02/2015
Poet ure ce Ret ene@ ba Oen nai aT LOIN MENIE(cl

F\Uottleskeotismy RCo ranaurimiecti orem cibenln can eneecliie Orewa mich ieniicor Onell cong dite
school's English/Language Arts departient.

Attended countywide Discovery Education professional development as a member of the Teacher Leader Corps and facilitated schoo
based professional development modules in student engagement through the use of technology.

Participated on the Leadership Team and School Improvement Plan Committee and in the development of the school's mission, vision, and
PallecRin iret

Interviewed department applicants and made recommendations for candidates.

8th Grade English/Language Arts Teacher, Martin Gifted and Talented Magnet Middle School.

03/2012 to 02/2015
Englisl/Language Arts Teacher Company Nan 14 City , State

© Planned and implemented daily lesson plans in accordance with the Common Core State Standards for eighth grade English/Language Arts.
¢ Differentiated instruction and collaborated with specialists to support the needs ofall karners.

© Utilized a variety of methods to commumicate with parents and families of students.

¢ Created appropriate formtive and summntive assessments and analyzed data to identify areas of need.

10/2010 to 03/2012
LanguageAnts and Social Studies Teacher Company Name 1 City , State
