EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Professional Experience
Executive Director

RET aeaU been OTsvarg

CE Woe laB Diaper aU stb ocm

Head-Royce School Instructor

January 1974 to January 2010 Company Name
COratiniecti)

January 2005 to January 2010

Ceo ners ce oa
Pa sO emeren (Beret ec sR sti amie e Rane) s

Director Summer
January 2003 to January 2009 Company Name

© a partnership between HRS and the Oakland Unified School District).

¢ The program targets disadvantaged middie school students who have been identified by their teachers and principals as bright and
Preise

CEM irowicbu ices

© academic, arts, and technology training on a full scholarship basis during a six-week summer session.

¢ They are mentored monthly over the course of the year.

Education

B.A: Communications and Public Policy , 1969 University of California Berkeley Communications and Public Policy

PAM MSU U Te eOxen eRe arco Sma Tee a

M.F.A : 1972 San Francisco Art Institute

UC Berkeley-Secondary Teaching Credential program : 1973

pany

2006-2008: EOBA/Smurt Moves (a commumity center in the Sobrante district of East Oakland that provides tutoring, mentoring, and non-
Violence training to approximtely 50 children on a daily basis) Project coordimator for 2006-2008 renovation project. Coordinated project with
East Bay Community Fund, Rebuilding Together Oakland, Temple Sinai, Pulte Construction, and Head-Royce School 2005-2007: Destiny Arts
(An arts based organization the uses dance and martial arts m violence prevention traming) Supervised production of promotional video, find
raising, worked with Destiny faculty as part of the Head-Royce Art and Technology Institute Summer: 2005-2007) 2005-2007: Malawi Youth
Project (Implements projects in Malawi, Affica) Involved in findraising and installation of water and electrical systems at the Ami A Chifindo
Orphanage in Blantyre, Malawi. Also provided fimds and equipment for youth soccer organizations nationally in Malawi. 1990- present:
Rebuikding Together Oakland (Formerly Christmas in April) (Rehabilitates homes of low income eKerly and disabled citizens mn Oakland, as well
EUS iolbe ere ea cM Rouben elneRoon ren meat ct) Ras ehccke Chem ue ii ocmeuoctiia OMe nulcumeyuizcmlnenisog
Conference/Panel Facilitator: 2005: Arts Equity-East Bay Youth Access to the Arts: Groups represented: Destiny Arts, East Bay Asian Youth
(Oe oas ee Urusralo Mm CUNO N eee M oe Geclit on mnk Ore B Vicari mela ne zine b alee tcce(Oeiiac bln ted
East Bay Arts organizations to talk about youth access in the arts) Pro-Bono Films: Video productions working with high school students for
community non-profits. The films are used as an informtional tool, and a marketing/fimding aid. Non-Profit organizations/Video Productions:
PU UM ia eerlaa ep Soncnee Cod UOn ie oea Ck MiNceatos veces eene oe Ola analig cece ins
mentoring, and non- violence training to approxintely 50 chikiren on a daily basis, Oakland, Ca.) 2006: The George Mark Center (treats
terminally ill chidren, San Leandro, Ca.) 2005: Destiny Arts (An arts based organization that uses dance and martial arts in violence prevention
training, Oakland, Ca.) 2004: The East Bay College Fund (provides college schokaships for disadvantaged youth in the East Bay, Oakland, Ca
2003: The International Rescue Committee (Helps refiigees settle in the United States) Oakland-San Francisco, Ca. 2002: Oasis: (Hepatitis-C
Clinic, Oakland, Ca.) Awards: 2006-2008 Finnie Fellowship: Three year study/travel fellowship from the Head-Royce school to study and
impkirent arts curriculum reflecting non-westem cultures. 2005 Fellowship from the Fund for Teachers: Study of the art and culture of the
Aboriginal People of Australia, and the Maori Peopk of New Zealand 1995 Cyberart: The Merging of Art and Technology, Arts Education
Fellowship, The Council for Basic Education, The National Endowment for the Arts, and the Getty Center for Art Education (Impkenntation of
computer technology into an arts curriculum)

PXihe isl ers Cony

¢ Volunteer Work: Community Organizations: 2006-2008: EOBA/Smart Moves (a community center in the Sobrante district of East Oakland
that provides tutoring, mentoring, and non- violence training to approximately 50 children ona daily basis) Project coordinator for 2006-
2008 renovation project. Coordinated project with East Bay Community Fund, Rebuikiing Together Oakland, Temple Sinai, Pulte
Construction, and Head-Royce Schoo! 2005-2007: Destiny Arts (An arts based organization the uses dance and martial arts in violence
prevention training) Supervised production of promotional video, fund raising, worked with Destiny faculty as part of the Head-Royce Art
and Technology Institute Summer: 2005-2007) 2005-2007: Malawi Youth Project (Implements projects in Malawi, Africa) Invoived in
stole mice CoO am R cues one alnee rie CONN OLO iim isc UCL Cor cemitinettr
equipment for youth soccer organizations nationally in Malawi. 1990- present: Rebuilding Together Oakland (Fonnerly Christras in April)
(Rehabilitates homes of low income eHlerly and disabked citizens in Oakland, as well as rehabilitation projects with schools and community
centers) “House captain, volunteer coordinator, project organizer, fundraiser Conference/Panel Facilitator: 2005: Arts Equity-East Bay
