CREATIVE ASSISTANT
Professional Summary
Selfmotivated individual with the ability to create and maintain a positive and unique relationship with coworkers and clients. Exhibits excellent
time management skills, consistent, quality work and a drive to innovate and benefit the workpiece. I am looking to obtain a position which allows
me to demonstrate my creative nature and passion for all genres of music. Ideally I would like to jom a company that would be abk to offer me the
Opportunity to advance my career in the short and long term.
Core Qualifications

CRRA Y Cece) (COs oon

© Strong leadership and ability to multitask alone or with a team
© Indepth internet research skills
© Educated and expansive understanding of Human Development principles s

iecr aren BNOlmeytiicet Enema Leb Beieco Hite
Ability to communicate effectively and positively
Fik/records maintenance

Contract negotiation/review/drafling

Results-oriented

schivor anes
Creative Assistant 07/2013 to Current Company Name City , State

Act as West Coast Representative of the CMI team for internal and extemal affairs.

Attend showcases, concerts, events on behalfof VH1 CMI team.

Maintained relations with label and publishing representatives on the West Coast.

Successfillly pitched new independent music from all genres to CMI Music team and various production companies for in show placements.
BrB op Nest eraire ce Oe berets ecko ka score em

Research label/publishing information for potential song use in various VHI series/promps/specials on as-need basis.

Actas liaison between CMI and Music & Media Licensing (send licenses for counter signatures and keep track of approved licenses).
Assist with legal work for publishing matters on as-need basis.

Coordinate promotional aspects of feature placement deals with social media team.

Help organize and categorize tracks in our internal library into our cloud-based storage system

Coordinate and host in-office performances in the Santa Monica offices.

Collect and track sales information for feature placement tracks in VH1 programming.

Assist with general meetings, tapings and live events for VH1 and MTV Music and Talent as needed.

Oversee and run CMI projects for Music and Talent interns.

Work with production houses, music libraries and independent composers to quickly and efficiently create and gather all kinds of bed music
tracks for series, live events, non-airing pilots and special programming.

Watch and check various versions of episodes for proper placements of feature placement tracks and various promotional aspects within
episodes.

Licensing Assistant 06/2012 to 06/2013 Company Name City , State

Foe neuinistclentsmcteeley naka lant W otenle eyem

Help in negotiations regarding use of client's works in movies, television shows, ad campaigns, and other uses.

Draft licenses for finalized deals.

Manage all invoices and renewals.

Maintain records ofall payments and acts as liaison to resolve all pricing and payment issues.

Ensure proper filng of client work with appropriate PRO societies, sub-publishers, CMRRA, and the Copyright Office at the Library of
Congress,

Extensive knowledge with over 10 client catalogs varying in genres of music so as to be abke to pitch songs for various plcements in
television, film, and advertisements.

Administrative Assistant 10/2011 to 06/2012 Company Name City , State

FEM bronageieonnosoren es einen uate Won

Managed data entry and review of confidential historical files.

Edited and reviewed company emnils and documents.

Yo eOr eco meaiianalcnaaiacantinersconabaarec eR iiiteo

Created and implemented an easily accessible filng system for company's physical catalogs.

Supervisor 01/2008 to 06/2011 Company Name City , State

Oversaw and directed 4-12 employees in the kitchen and ensured proper completion of recipes to create consistent quality foods.
Ensured employees adhered to proper safety and sanitation regulations.

Provided a pkasant and engaging experience for customers during their dining experience.

Assisted in training over 100 peer employees in basic kitchen and bakery skills.

Child Life Specialist Assistant 10/2010 to 06/2011 Company Name City , State

Assisted a certified Child Life specialist with creating and enacting treatment plans for pediatric patients.
Kept minors company and eased their stress before, during and after their treatment.
