GENERAL MANAGER

Executive Summary

To secure a position with a respected business that will benefit fom my organizational and Ieadership skills. To work with accuracy, efficiency, and
friendliness in order to promote customer loyalty, while developing an enthused and goal oriented environment with the entire professional team.

Core Qualifications
Sioa orem PGT incmeecniae
© Staffdevelopment : Seika
¢ Inventory contro! an 5 ;
Meck ee ninnen@eninet tic
© Change mmgenent rieaeparnl
i Cash handling
© Food cost amalysis expert ° ig
PESuges ores maceisiebsiieay SE ee Ase og
* Ability to handle fast-paced environment ° I eavoanlnmaicla cutee al halt ot
Ce gabetedonad
Professional Experience
GENERAL MANAGER

April2015 to Current Company Name 1% City , State

Accomplished in restaurant and human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching,
counseling, and disciplining management staf communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job
contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.

Extreme focus on having a safe, secure, and healthy facility environment by establishing, following, and enforcing sanitation standards and
procedures; complying with health and legal regulations; maintaining security systems.

Maintained patron satisfaction by monitoring, evaluating, and auditing food, beverage, and service offerings; initiating improvements and
building relationships with patrons.

Ail ccbe tomer OSA Arena Uni pEmatinsReelirla cman sieges Rios am com Arenas Relea tice rcai
reports; analyzing variances; taking corrective actions.

New York City Food Handler Certified & National ServSafe Food Safety Manager Certified.

ADMINISTRATIVE SECRETARY ASSISTANT, FUNDRAISING COORDINATOR
January 2013 to April2015 Company Name i City , State

Worked with program director creating intensive leaming workshops and the graphic design department producing print materials such as
apparel, flyers, and posters.

© Coordinated and contracted professional choreographers and organized transportation and hospitality.
© Forwarded information by receiving and distributing communications, collecting and mailing correspondence and copying information.
* Maintained supplies by checking stock to determine inventory level, anticipating requirements, placing and expediting orders, verifying

receipts, stocking iterrs, and delivering supplies to work stations.

Assisted in writing or contributing to publications which accompanied arts-related events and activities.

Marketed performances or events through social media, direct mil, advertising, and use ofa website, producing posters or publicity
promotional material and attracting media coverage.

Created documents in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint for organizational, advertising and data input purposes.

PIS UNS MAUL ANP NG) ELG
September 2007 to April 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Responsible for managing the daily operations of'a fast paced high volume Thai restaurant, including selection, development and

Pas OUIabaemTislnacc MUNN Rae oe ynccm

Conducted weekly inventory and ordering of food and beverage supplies to optimize profits, stay within budget and ensure guest
Rance

Coordinated and designed menus for catering events (25 to 150 persons) such as weddings, memoriak, anniversaries, birthdays, a variety
QMO CEB emcee nNihmeae sce

As the Head Waiter, my expectations were to display ingenuity, have an extremely high attention to detail, maintain a high profile during
service and uphold and establish a regular customer base.

* As wellas being passionate, ensure that excellent quality and superb service is delivered to all customers.

Created weekly specials with the Head Chef the focused on in-season product fiom local farmers markets in the commumity.

© California Food Handlers Card & ServSafe Food Safety Manager Certified.

brairestbeny
CLASS OF :2016 FORDHAM UNIVERSITY 14 City , State
Bachelor of Arts : Organizational Leadership Organizational Leadership

alg

PUM CisnarCer an be oer Mhuire cendlic@lencatuer(urnumeelitclacm@esl\viemuelicelUmel ous ici AC a OM tC ree emsT ah
graphic design, human resource, inventory, legal, director, mailing, managing, materials, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, negotiating,
organizational, performance management, policies, posters, producing, profit, promotional material, publications, publicity, quality, receiving,
