LIBRARY AIDE ( FULL-TIME)
Professional Summary

High school graduate of June 2008, accepted by Broward County as an intem within the aviation department; undergoing practical training,
experiencing what it is actually like working within the aviation/airport industry for a least a year henceforth, resulting into a Proactive Library Aide
(fulltime) with seven years’ of relevant hands on experience in diverse office settings and exceptional people skills. Versed in excellent multi-
tasking, communication and presentation skills subsequent, to extraordinary computer mgenuity.

Aselfmotivated, energetic extremely organized and responsible individual, fluent in English with admirable writing and oral skills also, capable to
work with deadlines moreover, a very hard working, and dynamic, team player with high hopes in filling the front desk administrative/recruiter
Position!

Core Qualifications
¢ excellent communication skills
CREO os Getced © Work well independently with limited supervision
* exceptional telephone etiquette © Ability to take directions well
© Fik/records maintenance © Ability to prioritize and remain focused on the essence ofan issue
* Microsoft Office CAP gruiecne@ ecliineanmuen asst
PEG leicmeerece’ ¢ Exhibits self-motivation and a positive attitude
Cs Sede kalciemccay ec © Adapts well to changing conditions
* Ability to multitask
schivor anes
Library Aide (fulltime)

June 2009 to Current Company Narre 1% City , State

© Responsibilities include assisting customers at the circulation desk by answer questions, identifying their service needs, checking out,
renewing, and checking-in materials, issuing and updating library cards and customer accounts, processing cash transactions for fines and
fees, printing and bus passes. Resolves a variety of problems/issues from the public in order to maximize the efficiency/eflectiveness of
circulation department or service provided.

renew mnterials and also answer questions concerming accounts over the phone.

discharge and sort retumed materials, pack and unpack deliveries of books and audio-visual ites sent to and from other branches.
responsible for shelving a specific section of books in the library located in the 700-759.99 which include a variety of subjects ranging ftom
fiction to arts and crafts.

responsible from searching for chairs retum items and from time to time tracer and router.

Ger risramiccdrubccoteamelmOr LN clare acres tt olnrs cal aaacetices em

Route out-of-system book back to there proper location’ owing branch

devoted, enthusiastic, energetic member of the spirit committee in which help coordinate a variety of activities and programs within our
Chae

Voting System Technician (VST)
NG eMC aOR eOan cam CaGen nani at LOINmENIEc

© responsible for setting up the ADA iVotronic unit and the DS200 optical scanner

® responsible for and trained to open, troubleshoot, and close the equipment on Ekction Day.

* instruct the voter how to insert the ballot into the optical scanner, and assists the visually impaired voter how to insert their ballot into the
optical scanner, and assist the visually impaired voter with the execution of'an audio ballot.

© The Friday before the Election all VSTs will be required to report to the Regional Site to pick up their materials for Ekection Day. They will
make contact with the clerk to set up the precinct. Election night, specific materials must be returned by the VST back to the Regional Site.

Public Service Intem
June 2008 to April2009 Company Name 14 City , State

Performed administrative and office support activities for multiple supervisors. Duties include answering telephone calls, receiving and directing
visitors, word processing, and filmg, Extensive software skills are required, as well as Internet research abilities and strong communication skills.

* Performed copying and filing duties

¢ Assisted supervisor with projects

CP ACooCiauliehenyceeniimiccectcy

* Assisted with creating the annual maintenance budget
