ASSISTANT DIRECTOR

Summary

Previously doing executive administrative work; experienced in multiple work settings: maintenance, marketing, finance, health care, customer
service, hospitality, educational and instructional; also achieving artistic experience work as a Choreographer, Dancer, Videographer, Producer,
and Professor; culturally aware and diverse having traveled internationally; philanthropy work serving as a board member for various non-profit
organizations, volunteering at hospitals, and being active within the commumity. I, Annika Kay, at age 33 now, have done and experienced a great
deal at a young age; I am well equip to take on just about any task presented to me and I amextremely capabke and eager to eam that which I do
not know yet. I ama professional individual who is always able to meet deadlines, polite, positive, considerably responsible and quite astute as
well as logical and rational; And strive to maintain both humility and kindness in all that I do.

alg

Final Cut Pro proficient, motion, live-type, camera operation, editing,

Computer: Microsoft Office, Excel, Power Point, Quickbooks, Creative Suite, html, 120
wpm, 10-key proficient, online databases, filing and back-up drives, troubleshooting,
web-design and graphic design.

Writing: copy writing, letters, grants, project proposals, spreadsheets, cost analysis,
memos, budget reports, meeting minutes, job descriptions, policies and procedures,
handbooks, etc.

schivor anes
ep 04
PG SH eB ce Om Oncaea LON MESI EC

March 2016 Supervisor: Ed Huddkston, Director of Plant Operations x2268 (may call for reference) GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Assist
in the oversight of Plant Operation services; provide information and serve as a resource to department Administrator(s) and staff achieve
defined objectives by assisting in planning, evaluating, developing, implementing and maintaining services in compliance with established
FUT Give man (MB tool be i aaibeRMoaancinemte Rees tneeccuce ktm

DETAILED DESCRIPTION: - Assesses incidents, comphints, etc as needed and/or assigned (c.g.

* buikding break-ins, utility problems, etc.) for the purpose of resolving or recommending a resolution to the situation.
¢ Assists in the development and monitoring of department budget allocations, expenditures, fimd balances and related financial activities for

lod ly neceneceictnicalra@elleedheroeiereer OM at atlbccHiie cee (at Morse cer eR beLa@iincein tem ices gical ccctsiel
Fle ec

Assists, as needed and/or assigned, in the personnel management of department employees (e.g.

oy cut UR SLU cM CELLO LO RM GETLI COMIC COMPOS anc ems ce sic T noma om

for the purpose of maintaining staffing needs and productivity of the work force.

Collaborates with internal and external personnel (e.g.

department and District administrators, auditors, public agencies, community members, construction managers, architects, vendors, etc.) for
the purpose of implementing and/or maintaining services and programs.

Coordinates hazardous material (asbestos) containment and/or removal for the purpose of ensuring that campus is kept ina safe and
effective manner and that all relevant legal regulations and guidelines are complied with,

* Facilitates and/or participates in meetings and workshops, etc.

for the purpose of identifying issues, developing recommendations, supporting other staff, and serving as a District representative.

Inspects aspects of new construction, repair work, projects, equipment, work orders, daily maintenance and supplies for the purpose of
ensuring that jobs are completed efficiently, specifications are within regulatory requirements and inspection reports and payment requests
Blekaoncom

Monitors campus and department safety and preventative maintenance programs for the purpose of ensuring school is maintained in a safe
condition and in compliance with OSHA/TOSHA requirements.

© Prepares a wide variety of written materia (e.g

correspondence, memos, reports, policy/procedures, budget, etc.) for the purpose of documenting activities, providing written reference,
and/or conveying information.

Presents information for the purpose of communicating information, gaining feedback and ensuring adherence to established internal
controls.

Researches new products, ws, regulations, etc.

for the purpose of recommending purchases, contracts and proper maintenance of campus wide services.

Responds to emergency situations during and after standard hours for the purpose of resolving immediate safety concerns.

SEPT 2012- Instructor/After School Program Specialist, Idylhvild Elementary School (951) 659-0750 JAN 2013 Supervisor: Sue -
DiccmueNicaiares Dgreurliy

Assisted children with their homework; planned and supervised activities; provided instruction, maintain order and safety among children,
Page 2 AUG 2011- Admin.

Assist/Substitute Dance Instructor, Dance Dept of Idyihvild Arts Academy JULY 2012.

Siosicetrnm arcmin crest cclcs aba OS TE MeO estOMehCOLOrer ter enh eeimniuleicit alice re ceuriebag
for events and auditions; typed, filed, organized all docurrents.

06/2011
Owner/Artistic Director City , State

Taught and Instructed chikiren from ages 3-16 and adults ages 18-65 in areas of Modem, Jazz, Hip-Hop, Balkt, Tap, Tribal Fusion,
